we were able to keep track of baby's feeding, sleep and diaper change schedule for the first two and a half months of her life.
made life easier when the doctor would ask questions about habits because we had it all right there!
it has been so helpful to be able to go back to track trends, answer pediatrician questions, or communicate with each other when you are up at different times of the night with a newborn.
i think it is one of those things that everyone should be required to have before they leave the hospital.
we went through all the pages of the newborn version, then moved to the infant version, and will finish up the second infant book (third total) right as our baby turns 1.
it also has a section for her to write notes and let me know anything she may need.
i couldn't be happier with this book.
this is super easy to use and helps me keep track of his daily routine.
when he started going to the sitter when i went back to work, it helped me know how his day went to better prepare me for how the evening would most likely go.
when he was sick, it help me keep track of how many diapers a day he was producing to make sure he was getting dehydrated.
the note sections to the side and bottom are useful too because his sitter writes in small notes about whether or not he liked his lunch or if the playtime included going for a walk, etc.excellent for moms who are wanting to keep track of their kids daily routine even though they are at work.
lol
i wanted an alternative to printing out daily log sheets for the nanny to fill out, and this has worked out great!
i'm no longer searching my daughter's bag for a crumpled piece of paper each day.
i would have preferred a plastic-type cover, but it's held up well so far.
this is great for basics, but i wish the space to write things in was bigger.
i had them track his activity (loosely) in this which allowed me to get an idea of how his schedule was developing and how much milk he was eating.
it was the best way to have some cohesion in his life while i was at work.
i'm a first time new mom, and this book made it so easy to keep track of feedings, diaper changes, sleep.
definitely would recommend this for new moms.
plus it's small enough that i throw in the diaper back for doctor visits.
i wanted to love this, but it was pretty expensive for only a few months worth of calendar pages.
i ended up buying a regular weekly planner - 55% off!
- the planner - that is 8 1/2 x 11 and has all seven days on the right page and the left page has room to write a to do list and goals.
i found this to be more helpful because i could mark each day's eating and sleeping blocks, then also see them side by side - i could see her patterns more easily with a weekly view.
this planner was cute, just not what i wanted.
you can track naps, feedings, diaper changes, activities, and notes.
they're easy to use and have a nice clean layout.i started using the newborn baby tracker, which tracks nights and days.
it gave me a nice way to track feedings and note important milestones.
once i used up the entire book, i bought this baby tracker, which tracks only days since my daughter is sleeping during the night now.
her caregiver notes her activities and sleeping times during the day.
it's a great way for me to know what happened.
during your postpartum stay at the hospital the nurses will ask you to keep a log of your baby's feedings, urination and bowel movements.
however, when you get home you do not have a nurse to remind you or ask when your baby's last bowel movement was and you are so overwhelmed with the new schedule you can't even remember what day it is.
it was so bad we had to contact our pediatrician's after hours on-call doctor.
looking at the tracker we realized a trend, the baby was not feeding for a long time and we had very few wet diapers and bowel movements.
this was an indication our baby was dehydrated and the doctor suggested we start pumping breast milk (to see how much we get) and supplement with formula until sufficient breast milk finally came in.
the feeding column we wrote how many ounces of breast milk or formula we gave and how long he breast fed for.
in the comments column we use it for tracking how much water i drink because i was not drinking enough to make an adequate supply of breastmilk.
for a while i wasn't sure what was giving him horrible gas, so i started to track what i ate in case it was a food allergy (we have a peanut allergy in the family).
i use this so that our babysitter (grandma) can keep track of what goes on during the day.
it is a 6 month diary and has room for notes.
i wish the hours started around 6 am and went until 8 pm, but we just write over certain times to suit our purposes.
the nice thing is that if we had a rough night and we are super tired, we have something to refer to if we forgot when we last fed the baby or when he woke up.
my only wish is that it was in a 24 hour format.
but other than that it is great.
has columns for all the info i need at a glance when i get home from work.
nanny is able to fill it out easily....love it
i like this log, but think it would work better with clearer am & pm sections.
my wife and i have a six month old baby boy and around the 4-month mark my wife decided that she would return to work instead of being a stay-at-home mom.
shortly after starting the arrangement we realized that we would need some sort of journal to track our little boy's activities while he was with the nanny and we were working.
the journal pages are clearly divided into columns for tracking feedings, nap-time, diaper changes, play-time as well as general areas for notes and tracking milestones.
in a few short moments you can summarize all of the data in the columns in the totals section and determine key information - how much did baby eat, did baby have a bowel movement, how much sleep did they get, etc.there are, however, some frustrating limitations with this journal.
first the entire layout is about half a notebook sheet divided down the middle (portrait layout).
however, once your baby becomes more active and you'd like to know more than &#34;tummy time&#34; under the play-time column things start to get very tight on the page.another problem is that this tracker only covers 12 hours out of a baby's day.
that's fine if the intention is only to track hours while a baby is with child care providers.
however, we really wanted to track our little boy's entire day which often starts much earlier than 6am.
using this journal that would require the use of a second page.--------------------what i like about the baby tracker:(+) good layout that is easy to read and instantly gather information about your baby's day in a matter of moments(+) high quality paper(+) consistent quality between the pages--------------------what i don't like about the baby tracker:(-) expensive and gets you at most 6-months, less if you use more than one page for tracking your babies entire day(-) the cover is thick but not a hardback and bends easily in a diaper bag(-) the pages should really be bigger.
this is an adequate journal but expensive for what you get and limitations because of page size.
i thought keeping a simple handwritten journal would be nice.
but i haven't used this thing at all, and here's why:1.)
when you're breastfeeding, it's often nice to have your phone close by so that you can keep yourself entertained.
(i don't nurse in the same place every time.)2.)
you're also often so sleep deprived that - at least for me - i'd forget to look at what time we started on a side, or what side we started on.
i'm not perfect with the app i have either, but at least i just have to mindlessly hit a button.3.)
i really like the app i have (baby connect).
it gives me better data.
for example, it can tell me how long on average feedings have been taking (helpful as we start to think about sleep training).
it can tell me that i nursed him 177 times last month (granted that serves no useful purpose other than a feeling of perverse satisfaction).
i got this when my baby was 2 months old and love it.
it makes it easy to track things and write down developmental notes in an organized way.
i know moms who create spreadsheets of their baby's nap times, etc.
but i'm not one of those people!
it is really helpful if you breastfeed to keep track of feeding patterns and wet diapers to make sure baby is eating enough.
this item was extremely helpful, especially with 3 adults sharing baby care responsibilities.
my husband of mom didn't have to wake me up to ask when the baby had eaten or been changed.
it helped me keep a written record to take to dr appts so i had all the information they ask you for on hand already, and even helped me note and analyze baby's sleep patterns once he got a little older.
i've been using the baby tracker since the day my daughter came home from the hospital.
we're on the third one now.
it's useful for when the doctor asks how often she's feeding and urinating, but even better for looking at and realizing, &#34;oh, she hasn't slept in x number of hours.
she's probably crying because she's tired.&#34;  but the best thing it has done for me since her newborn days is help me put her on a nap schedule.
i flipped through a couple weeks and looked at when she seemed to be sleeping during the day and looked for a pattern, then started putting her down for naps around those same times each day.
of course this has been a great/easy way for me to record all of my baby's routines and a simple way for his caregiver to let me know how the day went.
what i really love about it, though, is that it was so easy for me to jot down all of his major milestones as they happened.
i knew that i wouldn't have time to work on his baby book in the beginning (and sure enough i didn't even get it out until after 2 months), and because i had this book i was able to finally transfer everything over.
all of the funny little things would probably have been forgotten!
i've been using this since the day my baby was born (1 month ago) and it is a life saver!
it is a great way to track when i breastfeed, what breast he ate from, how long, etc.
plus when pee diapers are changed and poopy diapers.
i plan on ordering 3 more so i have enough to track this entire first year of his life!
i didn't think i would really use this and i was wrong.in the hospital they were constantly asking &#34;when was her last diaper?&#34;, &#34;when did she eat and for how long?&#34; - ummmm i was on pain killers for a c-section and a mass of hormones.
i finally got this out and started keeping track using this.yes, you could just use regular paper, but i liked the layout of the pages and it was just what we needed a we slowly lst our minds for the first 6 weeks.i an on giving this as a shower gift to the next first time mom :)
i have used this book since my son was born.
it's a great and handy way to keep track of when and how much eats and when i change his diaper.
this journal is great for his grandparents who watch him while i'm gone.
they are able to maintain his schedule and it makes it very easy for me to see how he is doing while i'm at work.
from the reviews i read this one looked like it had everything that one needs to write down and remember, so i bought it.
hope it ends up being as useful at it looks.
i have used this tracker for all 3 of my children and swear by it!
it is super easy to leave by the baby's changing table or crib and jot down things throughout the day (feedings, dirty diapers, nap times, etc).
i also used it to jot down other important &#34;mile stone&#34; things that i would have quickly forgotten&#8230;like outings, temperature readings, visits from friends to meet him, calls to make, when we stopped swaddling him, etc.
we found this book at a rummage sale and found it to be so useful, especially when several people are helping with the baby (ex: visiting family, etc.)
i like having the room to write things about our baby's day and development, plus use the "notes" section to write some story, etc.
it also helps "dad" see what has happened that day and feels more connected.
i will be buying another one soon!
great journal.
i have been using this baby tracker for three months and it has been very useful.
my little one had feeding issues and it was necessary to explain his habits and behavior to the pediatrician and several lactation consultants.
his feeding issues also contributed to sleep issues, which i was also able to track in the journal.
it makes life much easier knowing my child's meal and nap times.
much easier to plan you day around baby when you can start predicting what their schedule will be for the day.
even when i'm at work, that night i know exactly how my childs day has gone just by looking at his book.
i recommend this to all new moms!
especially during those first few weeks/months when growth spurts are common and you can't remember anything because you haven't slept much!
this has been helpful in tracking the feedings, diaper changes, naps and other developmental things for our little one but i really wish they had laid it out so that you could leave it open and have the left side be am and the right pm.
the way the pages are set up you have to flip a page to see a full day (starts with pm on the left and a.m. on the right).
it's a nitpick but if they had just let the user fill in am or pm then the pages would be identical and you could look at a full day at a glance (with your hands full, holding a baby).
i was having problems remembering how much she was eating, whether she was sleeping better or not.
this helped me keep track of those things and more.
i could look back and see if there were any changes in her eating habits - it wasi started using it like a little journal that my daughter can see when she's older.
i kept notes about her moods, what she did during the day.
it even became a good tool to use with my nanny once i went back to work.
not sure exactly what made me think that i could keep up with recording every feeding, diapering, and sleep session.
i can really see how this would help with finding a schedule but i decided to let baby lead since we have a very flexible lifestyle.
easy to track feeding, playtime, changes, naps etc.
very helpful when nursing and even when you move on to a bottle.
i work f/t so it's great to come home and peruse his day (feeding schedule, play time)  as a secondary account after talking to nanny.
my husband gave this to me as a christmas gift as our baby was due in february.
with the restless nights and the nights blending together, it&#8217;s so easy to forget the last poopy diaper or what side and time you started feeding your little one.
i used this book religiously for a month.
after that, i just stored it into my newborn box.
the print on each page is a light grey, so trying to journal diapers, bottles, meds in the middle of the night is a challenge.
it is detailed in slots to make notes and i would prefer a journal that does not take space for breast-feeding if one chooses formula only.
i could use the space to make more notes and comment on something cute that day.
this is the best way to keep track of when your baby eats, sleeps, poops, gets a bath, etc.
it's also a great way to keep track of which side baby nursed on.
and it's a great gift!
please, please take this to the hospital with you- you'll thank me later.
we did, but it stayed in the suitcase for 2 days because we were so &#34;out of it&#34; dealing with my c-section,, etc.
we  had been keeping notes -on loose sheets of paper- of baby's feedings and diaper output (so crucial those first few days).
we were also using an iphone app that proved more annoying than useful.
whenever a nurse or pediatrician walked in the room, we couldn't find which paper scrap we'd written it on.
frustrating and inaccurate.
once we started using the baby tracker, we could see easily all the info in one page, quickly update it and keep us on top of things like expected time of next feeding, etc.
i carry it around the house with baby, and my husband can add entries using the same format- no more trying to rely on memory to see baby's needs and patterns.
can't recommend enough!
i find this tracker very useful.
i've been using it for my now 3mo son.
i keep it by my chair where i nurse him, so i can stay on top of jotting things down.
this has been my go to for my scheduling of my twins.
they are four months old now and i have their care givers fill this in when they can.
that way i have an idea of the schedule they are developing.
columns for diaper changes, amount feed, comments, etc.
the time intervals are :30 minutes seems adequate, though sometimes i wish it was a bit more detailed.
also would have liked a ribbon or movable tab/page to keep track of what page in the log book we are at.
it keeps track of everything the doctor will ask you.
(how many poop diapers, how many pee diapers, how often are you feeding, how often is he sleeping, what's his schedule like).
we usually end up entering the data when we get home so our app can tabulate everything for us in easy to read charts.i kind of like this too because it helps us to review what was going on during the day while we weren't at home.
i used this for my little on and it was really nice for me as a new mom to have everything so well organized.
there was sufficient space for notes i didn't think, but all in all it was nice to have everything laid out.
if you're organized you could easily make one of these yourself and not spend the money, but when we had our baby i just needed one thing done for me and not have to do it myself and for that it was very helpful.
before my baby was born, i purchased this and figured it's a nice-to-have item.i didn't realize until the first day home from the hospital how i would be relying on this simple, but easily organized log book.
when you are sleep deprived and learning everything for the first time, you don't know which way is up or down sometimes.
it can be extremely overwhelming, especially when breastfeeding every 2 hours.
this book is a life-saver.
it literally never left my side for the first 6 months.
)i used it to keep track of diaper changes and what kind (pee/poop), naps, and how long my baby nursed on each side.
i also wrote notes for each day so i could see a history of reactions/milestones.
it made it easier to figure out what gave my baby gas or why she slept better on certain days.coupled with the itzbeen pocket nanny timer (which is also a necessity), i never really lost track (or my mind).
it's also great for care-takers too, especially when they are picking up for an hour or two when you run out.please get this for anyone you know who is expecting a baby and they will thank you!
one of the most useful items yet.
this product is awesome.
it was so helpful to keep track of feedings and diaper changes in those early, sleep-deprived days.
perfect way to keep track of the day for a little one-- this journal allows for detailed tracking of milk intake, diapers, sleep, and activity.
this was a lifesaver especially during the first couple of months.
being a new mom (and dad) we were exhausted and i can't imagine trying to remember when the baby was last fed, changed, etc.
it is a good size and plenty of room to write everything down that you need.
once this ran out i bought another type of journal and am wishing i had just bought this one again.
i did a lot of researching on what baby journal to buy and settled on this one and i did not regret it even for a second.
you can keep track of anything your baby does, from eating and sleeping and diapering to all the other things they do like first smile and first laugh.
i only wish that instead of being 3 months it would be longer, like 6 months or even 1 year.
i would definitely recommend for the first months of your baby's life.
it's a great way to see a new infants progression toward feeding and sleeping schedules.
in the sleep deprived first weeks it was so helpful in keeping track of diaper count, feeding sides,  etc.
i just purchased again for new baby's arrival.
i highly recommend for new or seasoned moms.
my son's therapist brings this toy over and he just loves it.
he loves to move the ladder on the fire truck up and down.
this is one of his favorite toys and he doesn't play with a lot of baby and toddler toys (gets bored easy).
i really like these and so do my kids.
they like to roll them around as well as nesting them.
the only thing that could be improved is for there to be 5 cars.
4 is just kind of a random number to teach a young child to count to.
so this was an obvious choice for a great toy for them.
all of the cars have a little &quot;surprise&quot; (the ladder on the firetruck &quot;clicks&quot; as it raises up and down, the siren on the police car spins, etc.)
&amp; they are all numbered which is great for counting and number recognition as they get older.
they're also a great way to teach abstract concepts like smallest, bigger, biggest.
these are such nice cars to teach little ones numbers and the stacking value.
ours have been scooted across the floor, cat's tail, into walls, you name it and they've always come back for more.
it's just a nice change from the nesting blocks and it's fun to hear all the vehicle sounds that children make with these guys.
i'd buy them again for sure!
my daughter received this as a gift when she was born and when she was on her tummy i used to line them up for her to look at and try and grab.
the bright colourful colours really held her attention.
when she was sitting we played the &quot;mummy stack them, baby knock them down&quot; game and &quot;peek-a-boo&quot; with the smaller colours under the bigger cars.
they proved to be a favourite for pushing around the floor as she was crawling and something to chew on (especially the small green one) when she was teething.
at 2, she still sometimes gets them out of the toy box to stack and knock over.
she is now teaching her baby sister the stack and knock over game!
good value!
he started taking a real interest in them when he was about seven months old and still plays with them every day.
they are simple, durable, do not require batteries, and are easy to clean.
the smallest car rattles and is the perfect size for little hands.
when he does get hold of them, exploring the ladder on the fire truck develops his fine motor skills too, and he like chewing on all of them and shaking the rattly little one!
he'll probably soon be able to work the sun roof.
it will be a stacking toy later too!
old son- we love them!
(the nesting feature is great for storage too).
each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.)
the cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto.
at 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth.
i imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor.
his aunt got him these.
they also have the function of just being play cars, which is nice.
clever toy that has been a winner with my son since he was one.
(the nesting feature is great for storage too).
each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.)
the cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto.
at 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth.
i imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor.
several things though--1.
if you sew you can make one that is more directed to your child.
some of the activities are too hard for the age group that would be playing with this book.
i had a homemade quiet book when i was a kid and saw some on pinterest.
since i don't know how to sew, i visited etsy to see if i could buy one from that site.
i couldn't believe the prices!
i found this and ordered it for my three kids (9 mos, 2 years, and 3 years), and they all love it.
it's pricey, but it's good quality and much easier on the pocketbook than others.
this book keeps my 2-year-old entertained for a decent amount of time, and i like that it's washable.
it has a good number/variety of activities in it, especially as compared to other similar types of books.there are some activities for babies, but i think toddlers/pre-schoolers will get the most use out of it.
my daughter has a hard time getting the snaps on/off (they require a little extra &#34;elbow grease&#34; and/or for you to hold down the fabric on the page).
overall it's an item that he can grow into and it's super cute!
we take it to church to entertain them and each week they are excited to get it out
i really like this book.
my baby is too young for most of these activities at this time, but she already loves to play with this book.
i see a lot of quality time spent with this book in the future.
the velcro spots are a little small and flimsy.page 2: clock - the hands move freely, well constructed (my daughter isn't ready to learn the time but likes moving the arrows and talking about numbers)page 3: buttoning flowers to same colored buttons (this is too hard for my daughter to accomplish but i have her tell me where to button it by matching colors)page 4: tie the shoe - wish the string were a little longer which would make the task easierpage 5: zip up the dress - my little one likes zippers - wish it had the ability to zip completely open so she could practice matching up the ends of the zipperpage 6: buckle the pants buckle - this one is tricky!page 7: snap balloons on to color matched strings - the plastic snaps take a decent amount of pressure to apply and are a little hard to accomplishpage 8: 4 different texture and color swatchesoverall i think this book will last a long time and my daughter will be able to appreciate it more as she grows older.
i got this quiet book for my 11 month old - for his 1st birthday coming up.
he hasn't been able to play with it yet, but i was very happy going through it.
bought for 1yr old son bc his molars were coming in - it's cute, colorful but my son didn't seem to like it.
this teether is ridiculous.
it's huge, it's hard to clamp down on, and my daughter had no idea what was going on when it started vibrating in her mouth.it's just too big, awkward, and hard to push down on.
not worth the money, in my opinion.
it took him a few tries to get the hang of it but its real simple for him to use.
when he bites it and it vibrates, he starts laughing and the tears disappear.
while i sort of wish i could change the batteries in these things instead of buying a new one when it dies (my little guy has to have it vibrate), this was a life saver for me when both my kids (one 4 years and one 6 months) were/are teething.
and for my youngest, it's just about the only thing that works.
it either is really soothing or he just likes how it feels or something because hes 10mo old now and he still loves it...!
handle is great to put links around also to attach it to stroller or carseat!
i believe this is for babies that are a little more older.
i gave this to her when she was 4 months since she keeps on sticking items in her mouth.
my 5mth old daughter really likes this teething toy.
it has just the right amount of vibration and it triggered easily enough where she can activate it herself with little effort.
great product for the money and a must have for a teething baby.
i thought my daughter would love this product, but not the case..it is made well..but you have to bite down really hard to make the vibration work :( she does however like the toy at the bottom of it!
our teething little five month old girl can't really make it vibrate, but the eight month boy grandchild does.
it is a great toy for them to chew and play with, but it is a bit harder for smaller babies to chew on.
the vibration was a bit stronger than i was expecting, but it does not seem to bother my son a bit.
my son loved this toy form the time he was teething until well after the time he got his teeth in.
i plan on buying this for my daughter who is now 3 months even though she is not teething yet, she loves putting things in her mouth.
the teether just arrived for my ten month old who seems to be cutting his second tooth.he's already figured out how to activate the vibration.
it is soft, yet has some ridges and bumps that he is pulling with his teeth and gums.
!there were contradictory reviews on whether the batteries were replaceable or not- the packing says they are not.
so unless whoever said they were replaceable is just handier than the rest of us, they do not appear to be replaceable.
great toy for teething!
it didn't take her long to press down with her front teeth to activate the massaging action.
i sent one to a friend who just had her baby for when she starts teething.
i have a 6.5mo old who loves when we tap on toys when he has them in his mouth, yes sounds weird.
he has a mini dodge ball and he sticks his face/mouth on the ball and all you have to do is tap the ball and he's a happy baby.
he loves that as well but has to be supervised so he doesn't choke, you think for long skinny objects made for babies that they would make a guard block to prevent any type of choking.this teether will be better if it had an on/ off button, my baby not able to bite down hard enough to turn it on and once again we have to hold it for him to turn it on.
i was trying to find a teether with vibrations he can use by himself.
i am so glad we invested in this product....at the time the baby was teething like a feind and this was a life saver!!!
thought would be a great idea for my almost 1 y/o...however, she really doesn't like it.
perhaps if i knew about it/introduced it to her when she was smaller she would be more apt to use it...she does like the rattle aspect of it and i vibrate her tummy, lol.
so it's not a complete waste
a must in addition to all the teething toys.
next to sophie the giraffe this is his favorite.
i.
don't really know if the vibration massages.
his gums, but he does enjoy biting into it a lot!
this product sucks.
my little boy loves to chew on things while he's teething - and he bites down hard.
he was never able to bite hard enough to get this dumb thing to vibrate.
very disappointing.
the handle is kinda big and the chewing surface kinda wide.
once she got a little bigger it was a much better toy for her.
but don't get me wrong she loved it when she was itty bitty she just needed a little help from mommy.
i like this product a lot, but was very excited to receive it to apply on my 5 month old who is starting the whole teething process... the product vibrates great, the colors are attractive to her, and as soon as she sees it its the first thing she wants to grab.
however, its a little heavy for her and in order to make it vibrate i have to hold it because it requires more strength than her tiny mouth has at the moment.
hopefully as she becomes stronger she can use this product better.
but overall i really like it.
easy to hold on to, can easily hook (via rings or carabiner) to a diaper bag etc.
he liked playing with it more than he liked teething on it.
i have two of these teethers and both see variable use as my little guy goes through teething spurts.in between, he actually likes sitting or kneeling on the star to get it to vibrate.but as soon as his gums start hurting, he goes straight for this toy.also, it's a smart packaging extra to have the 'free ring' on top which clearly doubles for hanging purposes.
i don't know what i would do without this one, i think it is a must have!
not only a teether but a toy as well :)
it is somewhat difficult for my daughter to get it to vibrate, but when i help she seems to get one relief.
cute toy snd she seems to like it even when it isn't in her mouth.
this toy was our go-to when my daughter was teething.
it really soothed her and calmed her down.
we will definitely be buying another one for our next baby!
it made them happier than any other product on the market, including a certain rubber giraffe.
it's just too bad you can't change the battery.
the battery hasn't run out yet though.
i did buy this previously for another baby and i don't recall the battery running out for a long time.
initially, my baby was not able to cause it to vibrate on his own because he just wasn't chomping down hard enough.
but now, he can do it.
now, he's able to see the cause and effect of using this.
i like that.
plus, i think it feels good on his gums.
my baby liked the massaging action but it took time for him to realize how to do it.
when he finally did, the battery gave out nearly the same day.
the battery would work in short spurts after a rest but i wouldn't waste my money on it again.
my only complaint is that she has a hard time activating the vibration by biting hard enough.
i have to hold one of the corners for her to activate the vibration.
she loves it, i only wish it had an on/off switch so i didn't have to hold it for her.
she actually cries when i try to take it away from her.
at first my 7 month old could not initiate the vibrating on her own.
however after only a day or two she figured it out and seems to enjoy it but still seems to prefer sophie over anything else.
actually her favorite thing to chew on (she's just now getting her first tooth) is my little coach wallet- i guess she likes the leather or something but she is quite obsessed with it!
this massaging teether does keep her busy in the car seat though.
this product is good quality.
i thought this would be great for my teething baby, but the vibration freaks him out.
he wants nothing to do with it.
=(  it might be a wonderful product for other babies, though!
it appears to be well-made.
the one complaint i have is that they have to really bite down hard to get it to vibrate so i often found myself squeezing it for them as they pulled it to their mouths
my baby hated this thing so i cannot comment on it's effectiveness.
bit it seemed like a cool idea.
passed it on.
if i can recommend one teether to buy for your teething baby, it would be this one.
the vibration made it fun and it took the edge off for my little guy.
the shape/handle made it really easy for him to hold.
we never leave the house without this thing and it is the go-to gift i give to all my expecting friends.
nice to have something different from all of the other teethers out there.
the nice thing is that when she no longer wants it to vibrate, she still has fun the with handle the spins.
great product and it has lasted despite being thrown all around.
we have another vibrating teether that is very similar to this one, there are some differences though.this one is much softer on the outside which could be nice on tender gums.this one has 3 points that she can use to pin point the problem area.each point has a different texture (bumps, ridges) so there is some variancethis one seems like it is easier to activatei will say that i don't know if she favors one for the other.
it seems like she uses them both about equally.she also likes to play with it by making it vibrate on her hands, feet, cheeks etc.
we have had a lot of fun playing with it.it's a great find and i wish i had come across it sooner.
my son really likes this teether.he likes the bottom as well as the vibrating side.my only issue is that it is a bit large and a bit heavy,and he tends to slam it a lot (often on my hand or leg)when i am holding him.
overall, a winner
i have two and the batteries haven't died which i find impressive.
these are well made.
it vibrates while our little 9-month-old bites on it!
he never took a pacifier, but this toy is the closest thing--sometimes when he's screaming, this toy is the only thing that'll calm him down.
so glad we found it.
the product is great.
i would push down the edges to make it vibrate and hold it against my baby's gums and he seemed to like it.
however, the reason i gave it four stars and not five is because he doesn't bite down hard enough to make it vibrate on his own, and so he lost interest in it fairly quickly.
this is one of my twin sons favorite teethers, but they are only six months old and right now it is too heavy for them to hold by themselves, so we have to sit and hold it in their mouths for them.
this is not a huge deal, and i'm sure in another month or so they will be able to manage, but i just wanted to let other parents know that this is not something you can just hand your baby.
having said that, when we do hold it for them, they love it and want to gnaw on it for at least 15 minutes or so.
also, it is different from other teethers in that when they are done using it, they don't seem like they are still in pain and need to go gnaw on something else.
they actually seem like they feel better, so we are able to give them less ibuprofen which i feel is really a good thing.
everyone should buy this!
such a soothing gift.
my granddaughter liked to just explore with it as well,  not necessarily just to sooth gums.
our 6 month old can't bite on this thing hard enough to make it vibrate on his own, so we have to squeeze it and help him hold it in his mouth (it's also heavy).
he seems to enjoy the way it feels, but it's actually so hard to squeeze that even our hands get tired after a minute or so.
maybe better for older teethers?
our teething baby absolutely loved loved this product and would seek it out to sooth his sore gums.
its lasted a year now with no issue or wear and tear.
she also likes it because it has some weight to it and she can really throw it pretty far!
i would recommend this teething aid if you're looking for a vibrating teether.
i was surprised when it arrived and the packaging stated that the product is, "safety tested" for bpa, lead, and phthalates.
it does not state anywhere on the package that it is bpa free.
as a former regulator (of medical devices) i am very sensitive about company labeling and statements.
perhaps too much so.
but, i would rather err on the side of caution where my child is concerned, and the lack of clear "bpa free" labeling on this product gives me pause.
specifically, when they test it for bpa, lead, and phthalates, is there an acceptable amount allowed?!
if not, why wouldn't the company simply label the product as bpa, lead, and phthalate free?eight years ago, when i gave this toy to my sons, no one had ever heard of bpa.
my boys put all manner of plastic toys in their mouths, and i'm sure it was all riddled with bpa.
and, though someone on this site indicated that a representative from the company told them it was bpa free, i'm still skeptical.
again, why not label it as such?
don't waste your money, my son would rather suck on his fingers than to use this messaging corn teether.
the massager really has to be squeezed in order to work.
it sooths her like nothing else.
we put it in her mouth and she immediately relaxes and even falls asleep with it.
unfortunately, from all that use, they don't even last a week in our house.
i'm still buying more.
i thought maybe he's just too young & not interested in it(even though he did have 2 teeth already) he is now 8 months old, and still isn't very interested in this teether.
he would rather pick up a toy car, or some sort of stuffed toy, which i understand every child is different.
my only big complaint - the star bead on the end.
it is hard, and pointy.
if it catches my son's sore, in-coming teeth the wrong way, he will cry.
overall, it's an ok toy for the price.
no funky smell, bpa free.
just dont kneel in them!
so far so good.
this is a great toy for teething babies!
the size is just right for them to actually hold on to it too.
its more like a teething ring than a necklace, though.
this would have been an ok teething necklace if it weren't for the star bead.
i have thrown this necklace out after having to pull off the road last week when my child screamed suddenly in the back of the car and was then crying hysterically.
i was skeptical at first about 'babywearing', i tried it once as a joke with this sling that was given to me and fell in love.
it was one of the only places besides the breast that my daughter would fall asleep consistently for the fist 4 months or so.
she sits on my hip and watches me do the dishes or fold laundry.
hands free is the way to be!the sling i was given was a bit large for me, and i'm not a tiny person 5'3'' 135lbs.
although it was adjustable i think for my next child i'll try a sling that comes in sizes.
i got this carrier before my son was born.
i was a nanny and have tried many carriers with babies of various sizes.
it doesn't even fit in an empty diaper bag.
my next carrier will be unpadded.
i really wanted to love this sling.
i was so excited when i received it as a gift.i started using this with my son when he was just a week old.
i put him in the cradle position, but i was so afraid he was going to sufficate on the fabric around him, i had to keep my hand in the sling next to his face.as he got older, it did get easier to use.
it was good to use while in the grocery store.
however, it pulled hard on my shoulder.now, he's 7 months old, and he's crawling and pulling himself up, and he doesn't like to be restrained at all.
i've tried the kangaroo position, but i'm so scared he's going to fall out the bottom because he is quite a wiggle worm.
the last time i used this, the shoulder strap got so close to my neck that it started to interfere with my circulation.i'm glad i had this for the grocery store, but i think with my next child, i'm going to have to rethink what kind of carrier i use.
it doesn't cut across the back like the front packs can.
however, my daughter will not go in this.
i had tried from day one to carry her in this.
my child hardly ever cries and when i say she screams, i mean turns red and screams.
now that she is older i can carry her like a front pack, but quite honestly, the front pack is just easier.
i wanted to use the sling because i nurse and i should have been able to nurse her while we were out.
my friend has this and loves it.
she has carried him in it since she brought him home from the hospital.
she can nurse him while walking.
when my daughter gets older i plan on using it to carry her on my hip.
i watched the video and you can use it to help with back support while you carry your child on your hip.
i hope i can use it like that, but for the next baby, i am not going to use it.
he was actually crying the first time we put him in it this way, and stopped immediately.
definitely make sure the one you buy comes with the video, though.
at our babies r us many were just in plastic bags (returns?)
without the book and video.
they are a must.
the usual type carriers which have baby putting all their weight on their pelvic bone aren't good for their developing bones.
i love these sheets because they are a thick and durable material.
they fit on a standard pack-n-play too which is nice.
fitted co-sleeper sheet, exactly like the one that came with the original bed.
will again in other colors.
there really aren't a ton of places you can buy these, so i wasn't too concerned about the price.
all told, baby bungalow did offer it for the best price, including shipping.while the sheet is a perfect fit, i was perplexed by the 'button' holes on the under side of each corner.
can't imagine what those are for.
that or my co-sleeper is on the older side and there have been design changes since.overall, quality product.
it is a good quality sheet.
i would recommend to anyone who purchased the co-sleeper so you can change the sheet after spit ups
i purchased a total of 4 of these, thinking i needed to change the bedding constantly due to spit up.the instructions said to hang dry only so i thought i needed more to get through the week.
it turns out i can just toss it in the dryer and put it right back on the mattress.had i known i didn't need to hang dry, i wouldn't have purchased any extra and just went with the 2 they gave me when i purchased the cosleeper.the material is average, nothing special.
the shipping was quick.
the colors are pretty but the sheets themselves are not soft.
that was disappointing to my daughter who i bought the sheets for and of course to me.
they are not inexpensive so i expected more.
we have not assembled the co-sleeper yet but when i received it the box was all torn and dented.
looking at it the contents looks okay, but we will see when the my son in law puts it together.
my daughter loves this but like others have said it doesn't fit on the graco quattro travel system.
i have gotten it to work but sometimes it gets in the way of latching the snack tray on the front.
it's bright and colorful, and is great for babies who are starting to reach for things.
i don't think it was worth $15 though.
it's not the most durable stroller toy i've seen, but it's cute.
i was a little nervous because so many people wrote that this adorable product did not fit graco strollers well.
wonderful product!
my daughter loves this for the past four months (she is 9 months now).
only reason i didn't give it a five star was that the food cup in the bug comes off way too easily.
i just bought this toy because it was the only one i could find in the store for a stroller.. and of course it won't fit on our graco stroller.
baby loved this but the only problem is the straps that tie it to the stroller are not big enough for some trays.
due to this my first one came un-sewed and i had to buy another one and the same thing happened again.
i received this as a gift, unforutnately it didn't fit on our stroller (pretty standard graco travel system) or on our carseat (either our grace or our marathon) and so it was pretty useless.
we have/had a graco quattro and a metrolite stroller and this doesn't fit on either one!!
it was a complete waste of money!
try it in the store on a stroller like you own before buying!
you couldn't ask for a better diaper pail.
one reason is, that you don't have to use certain bags inside the pail...can use a plain trash bag and second is that once you turn the handle over, you don't smell the dirty diapers.
great product!
this is a fantastic product.
it has a lot of room to store the dirty diapers, and yet there is little to no smell.
you know when it's full because the plunger won't go down all the way, and you can't return the handle to the other position.
when you take the garbage bag out, you can tell just how much smell you'd be in for with any other container.
i also like that you can use whatever garbage bags you want with this, instead of having to buy special ones.
a good buy.
i originally had another pail and it broke after about 9 months of use, so i got this one.
i love it!
it is very easy to use and keeps the diapers away from little hands.
also no expensive refills to buy!
turned out to be a total stink bomb.
read my new review.
it absolutely reeks after 16 months.
amazon will not let me alter the star rating or it would be only one stardo not buy this piece of junk.
it will stink terribly in a little over a year because they put a foam and cloth gasket (porous) to keep the stink in.
not a good design.
[for laughs, i will leave the old review here]we originally got the diaper champ because it was a locking container that could accomodate cloth diapers.
we didn't end up cloth diapering after all, but feel fortunate to have gotten the champ.reasons we love the champ:*1) cost- no specialized (expensive) bags.
this takes any mid-sized household trash bag.
we've put some really eye-watering, throat gagging diapers into this contraption and the smell doesn't sneak out- even over time.
however, sometimes you have to brace yourself before opening the cover and tying off the bag.
that smell can bowl you over.
*3) easy enough for visitors to use- too difficult for them to play with.
i'm thrilled they can't figure out how to open the dc.
as it emits a powerful odor when the lid is opened, i'm happy they can't figure it out.
i think this lid will confound any toddler, but it's really simple for parents once you get the concept down.i just wish it could empty its own "payload."
i'll definitely be first in line for the diaper champ robot.
before my first child was born, i was all set to buy the diaper genie but then a friend told me about the diaper champ.
she said that it did a good job and i didn't have to buy any special bags.
it is in the nursery and there is no smell at all.
i am usually very sensitive about any bad smells, and so is my mom but even she couldnt smell any odors.
so far this has been a great product.
the lid is definately tight, but it does not bother me much.
hopefully, it will still work when the diapers get really smelly!
but so far so good!!
i love the diaper champ!
i have no problems with odor at all.
and you don't have to buy or use special, expensive bags!
any trash bag will work and it's great.
i like the odor shield bags and they work like a charm.
perfect for the nursery or any room in the house where baby is changed.
i bought this primarily because it takes regular trash bags, we used it the way it's supposed to be used for the first couple of days but quickly discovered that as the pail gets full the dropping mechanism gets stuck forcing you to clean out the mechanism whenever it's time to change the pail, and it's one more thing to wipe down if a diaper gets too messy.
also, my husband would load the diaper into the top but routinely forget to flip it over to dump the dirty diaper.
now i lift the whole lid and toss the diaper in, this allows me to keep tabs on how full it's getting and squeeze in a few extra that the mechanism wouldn't have allowed... and still trap the smell!
of course this negates the cool mechanism and makes it a plastic trash can with a tight lid, something i could have bought for cheaper.
i love this product...  my sister in law has a baby 4 months older than my daughter, and she has a diaper genie.
she is stuck having to buy the special cartridges.
so even though the diaper genie is less expensive, in the long run, the diaper champ turns out to be the one that is less expensive.
plus with the diaper champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper.
with the diaper genie, you have to twist the darn thing and it's hard to operate.
when she's at my house, she can't go wrong, just flip the handle!
the diaper champ is hands down the winner!!!!
but just to let you know that i've been breastfeeding and the poop doesn't stink as much as formula poop.
so i can't tell you if diaper champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
i registered for the diaper champ after seeing the reviews and i cannot talk enough about it.
i just live it!!!
it's very easy to change the bags, which you can use any 13 gallons one - no expensive refills to buy!!!!
i just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some lysol disinfectant spray everytime i change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.i highly recommend the champ, you will not regret it!!!
this product isn't that bad... however it is not smell proof.
i love the fact that it will take any type of trash bag, but if you do not empty the pail out daily the smell leaks out into your baby's room and it does not smell pleasant.
it is easier to use.
there were no smell problems at all until about 18months - 2years old, well "hello - diet change produces stinkier diapers".
.
but still use it for wet diapers.
:)the only down-side, is that babysitters are so "diaper genieized" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way.
but the good side is, it is easy to pop back on.the diaper champ is really durable.
i highly recommend it to anyone!
i truly believe this is the best diaper pail on the market...
it's simple to use, can take any garbage bag, and does a fantastic job of containing odors.
but, my complaint is -- why couldn't they make it bigger?i've heard it's the biggest one you can buy, but i find it frustrating that my regular kitchen-sized garbage bags are only 2/3 full when the diaper champ requires us to remove the bag.
it's wasteful!
(i know the simple solution is to buy smaller bags, but i feel the product should accomodate the most common household garbage bag -- the "tall kitchen bags" -- and do it efficiently.
the whole point of getting the diaper champ was so that we wouldn't have to buy separate bags for it!)
i like the diaper champ.
my little boy's room doesn't stink from dirty diapers.
i empty it once a week, when it is time for trash pick-up.
i like the fact of using regular trash bags instead of having to buy special bags.
i highly recommend this product.
it is very easy to drop in your dirty diapers.
i've had this diaper pail for 3 years now, and it's been through 2 kids (both in diapers for 18 months of that!).
i love this diaper pail!
my favorite feature is that it doesn't require special refills--it can use any trash bag (we just use a tall kitchen trash bag).
the only times i have had a problem with odors is if too many diapers are stuffed into the pail.
in registering and purchasing products for my baby, i did a lot of research.
this included reading reviews, asking friends (lots) about products that did and didn't work for them, and actually trying to use some of the products.
i decided to go w/ the diaper champ after learning that the overwhelming majority of my friends absolutely hated that leading diaper pail the diaper genie and actually trying to use that awful contraption.
in fact in one circle of friends the diaper genie was re-gifted about four times b/c they were simply trying to get rid of it.
i also did not like the idea of having to buy the special bags that the diaper genie requires.
i have never experienced an odor problem.
if you want to thwart an odor problem do the following:-fold the diaper over and close it.-remember to change the bags!!!
i usually change mine twice a week on garbage day.-you still have to clean the thing!!
i usually spray the inside w/ lysol when i change the bag and/ or wipe it w/ antibacterial wipes.
on occasion i wipe it w/ cleaner just as i would clean by bathroom.-for those complaining about toddler diaper odors.
we have to do things to banish odors from our toilets, the same has to be done for toddler diapers whether you use this product or any other.this product has been a life saver and i recommend it highly.
no smells and holds lot of diapers.
what a great product!
we have been using it for 3 months and have had no problem with smells.
we liked the fact that you could use regular trash bags instead of special refills.
we've used this diaper pail for 16 months now and smell never escapes from it (except when we open it to change the bag).
we use plastic trash bags from target, we pay i think $4 for 100 bags.
i could not imagine a diaper pail that would work better than this one.
i refused to buy the genie for the simple reason of i didnt want to be bothered with refills and i read that it clogged.
so i decided on this one and glad i did.
and i love that i dont have to buy those expensive refills.
just use the bags you have in your kitchen!
it's odorless, effortless, and holds many diapers!
i also like the fact that you do not have to buy special bags for it and can use ordinary trash bags.
a great invention!!
first we bought the safety 1st odor-less pail, but it was broken, and the store was out of stock when we returned it.
my husband didn't even want a diaper pail because he didn't expect them to hold in any odors at all.
now that we have this one, he loves it.
it's so easy to flip the lid and away goes the diaper.
no twisting till your wrist breaks.
at first we were using scented trashbags, but i've switched to grocery bags and they work just as well.
i change the bag about once a week with either kind of bags.
the only problem we've had is that if you don't close the diaper tapes they can stick and jam the pail.
all in all it's been a great buy.
i have three children.
for my first i had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
i would not recommend buying that one.
my second child i didn't get any.
now for our third child i saw the diaper champ and figured why not register for it and try it out.
i have to say that i am very happy with it so far.
i did dump a little deoderizer tablet in it.
i am happy with the fact that i can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
it's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
i haven't noticed any seepage of smells.i would recommend it over the others on the market.
this is easy to use, but it does not disguise the smell that great!
i did like that you can use any kind of bag with it.
i love the diaper champ...you don't have the need for expensive refills and there is very little odor.
the main odor is revealed when it is time to change the bag.
you almost want to change the bag outside!
i find that if i keep a small air freshener in the bottom, it does help...(like one for a car).
very easy to use and seriously, you do not smell any poopy diapers!
we bought this primarily because it had better reviews than the diaper genie when we bought it and that we don't have to buy special bags.
i haven't had a problem with the bag not being full enough.
for one, when the champ is full the trash bag is a bit more then half full, but is also very heavy so you wouldn't want anymore diapers in there anyway.
the only problem i've found with it was when my sister-in-law put my 2 year old nieces diaper in there and the smell lingered a bit.
so overall i love the diaper champ!
but we have had to expend quite the effort to find one that actually works.
the first diaper champ that we bought had a  piston that would not drop (the plastic joint did not meet and thus caught the piston on its way down).
it took two hands and a foot securing the bottom of the can to the floor to get the drum to turn.
this is not one handed operation as the box states.
after a third trip to the store we finally found a diaper champ that works.
and you do not even need to ask.
yes, it was made in china.
i highly recommend this product for several reasons:1) you do not have to buy bag refills.
the trash bag is also very easy to take out and to put in.2) traps in stinky diaper odor.
we have never had a problem with the smell escaping.3) easy to use.
you just put the diaper into the slot and turn the handle, the plunger pushes the diaper into the bag.
my husband and i decided to get this one over the diaper genie because like most people, we didn't like the idea of having to buy special bags.
we went to costco and bought a big thing of garbage bags to use that seems to be lasting us forever.
our daugher is now 4 months old, and we never had a problem with this.
no odor or anything.
we have the diaper champ in his bedroom and it's been great so far.
(we'll see once he switches to solid food and his diapers are a bit more stinky!)
it's so easy to use and you don't have to buy the special bags.
we've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
one recommendation - get a can of lysol and spray the diaper champ down when you change the bag.
overall, i love this diaper pail and would buy it again in a hearbeat!
we've been using the diaper champ for about 4 months now, and have had no problems whatsoever!
we bought a box of hefty trash bags with that odor patch to use in the champ and we change the bag about 2-3 times a week, and we've have had no problems with smell.
i usually wipe the champ off with a clorox wipe each time i change the bag, but my husband decided to take apart the champ a few weeks ago to give it a thorough cleaning with some bleach water, and he mentioned that the gaskets were looking worn out.
so, i called baby trend (diaper champ manufacturer) and they sent me to two new gaskets and two new piston rings (which i didn't even ask for) for free!
the customer service rep. even told me to call and request more gaskets and rings when we notice that the new ones start to wear out, usually after about 6 months.
my biggest concern was would this truly control the odor and yes it did...dirty diapes and soaked diapers.....i only noticed an odor one time and that was because i did not close thelid when i changed out the bag.
no need for deodorizers.i use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty...even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
i use the scented bags and even if i don't no smell!
we didn't want to spend a fortune on a diaper pail and refills, so we opted for the diaper champ.
we have used it for three months now and have had no problems with smells of any kind.
best of all, you can use any kind of bag, including reused plastic grocery bags!
i had checked into all of the pails before i had my little girl.
when we decided on the diaper champ, we won!1.
no refills to every buy.
you can use a standard trash bag and you don't have to spend the extra money for those refills.2.
i empty mine once a week on trash day and it is full.
however, there is never a smell eminating from my champ.3.
no stinky smells in my home.
even though my daughter is only 2 months old, she has some of the stinkiest diapers i have ever smelt!
but, there has never been any leakage of smell and it does not stink when i open it to change it.4.
i clean it every other week with clorox wipes and they keep it nice and fresh.
since those stinky diapers camp out in there for a week, it needs to be freshened up every now and then.verdict:get the champ....it will save you tons in the long run!!!
this is one of the things i can't live without.
there are no bad smells until you open it.
using regular garbage bags is a huge money saver and there is plenty of room for tons of diapers!
you can use any ol' bag with this.
go to the dollar store and get some of those kitchen bags.
you put the diaper in the hold in the top, turn the handle, and pop.
byebye poopy diaper!
it can hold quite a few.
we only need to change the bag once a week.
it really does hide the smell.
i was first drawn to it because no special bags were needed.
it is so easy to use - one handed diaper disposable with the quick flip handle and so easy to empty.
the diaper champ is such a great product.
i keep it in my baby's bedroom in a corner and it has never produced any foul odors.
i only have to empty the bag once every 2 weeks (since most of the diaper changes happen downstairs).
but, even going that long, it does not smell.
i have used this for 11 months and i love it.
what we did was after the baby started having odor in his #2s we bought some of those diaper bags from dollar tree (100 for $1) and put the dirty diapers in those little bags.
so easy!
never an odor problem.
and i use regular kitchen garbage bags in it, so no special bags to buy.i did research when i was registering before the baby and looked at all of the other diaper pails and this one was the one that came out ahead.
the biggest plus to this diaper pail is that you can use any plastic bag you want.
as far as some people saying it smells, i haven't had a problem.
once a week i soak it with lysol and water to keep germs away.
i highly recommed this product if you want a clean, simple, and convenient diaper pail!
the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.
of course you have to clean the whole thing out from time to time (which should be expected considering the toxic waste it stores!
), but i never had any issues with smell, unless it was so full it had to be emptied anyway.
what sold me on this diaper pail vs. the others, is that this one takes any plastic bag you want to put in it, meaning grocery bags, trash bags... nothing fancy.
as a new mom (or new parent) you have enough things to worry about and spend your money on; last thing you need is to head to the store for diaper pail bags.
i love this product.
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is b/c i use cloth diapers and diaper covers, and it doesn't have a whole lot of room for this type of diapers.
it lasts me about 2 days.... 3 if i really stretch it.it has no odor, other than when you open it, but that is inevitable.infact, the babies r us in my area uses this product in their &quot;mother's room&quot;.
that seems to say alot!and the best part is that its cheapest over the long run... no special bags to buy... what a pain that seems to me.
i use plain old garbage bags... or even very large shopping bags.great product.
all diapers smell, no matter what you put them in, especially once your kid starts solid foods.
get over it.
we use it for our dogs' poop bags, and line it with ruffies scented trash bags (we use vanilla, they also have lavender, and they are cheap).
there is no smell, except in the summer when it is hot (and that's only because the pail is outside on the back porch, the one we buy for the nursery will be inside in the air conditioning).
i agree it's better than the genie.
i own the genie and served us well.
but when i had the chance to use this product at babies r us store, i was so impressed.
it's very easy to use, and it seals out the odor as well.
too bad, the champ came late, or we should have gotten this instead.
this contains the smell and it uses regular bags which makes it the best product in its category.
it's so much easier just to throw the soiled diaper in a regular garbage bag and take the trash out often.
we take ours out daily - this product tends to make you lazy and by the time you fill it - yuck!save your money and just throw your diapers in the trash.
love it because it uses the bags from the grocery store.
have to change regulary (2 times per week) when the baby gets on solids though.
i used to live in an apartment basement with no windows and this 'stroke of genius' diaper champ did not smell at all!
i ended up not even having to wash out the inside until 4mnths later!
sounds gross i know but that's how awesome it really is!
and it's super easy to use and you don't have to buy bag refills.
need i say more?
we tried the diaper genie and found it to be a hassle and more expense than we wanted (2 sets of refills every month).
simply drop the diaper in the cubby on top and flip the handle!
the diaper falls into the belly of the champ and that's it!
no twisting, shoving or cutting like the genie.
and this is perfect for babies that grow into inquisitive toddlers - the champ is much bigger than the genie so it can't be easily hauled around by an adventurous baby and it's easy to keep her out of the messy contents as well (unlike regular diaper pails or trash cans)!another reason i prefer the champ is the fact that there are no "blades" involved.
i just didn't like the idea of a diaper disposal with blades in my nursery.
the thought that someday she might get into the pail and possibly be cut on the sharp blades used for separating the bags - was frightening!
this is not a worry when it comes to the champ.
just simple, clean, odor resistant, in-expensive to maintain/operate and safe!i'd recommend the champ to anyone - buy it, you won't be sorry!
what i liked:  contained the smell.
takes regular garbage bags (saves money!).
great capacity (empty it out once in 7 days or so).
easy to clean - i wipe it down with clorox wipes.what i didn't like: not especially good-looking and at times the lid gets stuck in a certain position (could just be a problem with mine) hence the four stars.would buy again though and do recommend it.
(i have used the diaper genie at a friend's place - didn't like it).
this is a wonderful product.
one suggestion to the manufacturer--the blue piece that holds the bag in place--perhaps the mouth of this could be made bigger so that an 8 gallon trash bag actually fills up completely before you need to take it out.
right now, it's only about 1/2 to 2/3 full before we have to remove it.
when he was three days old my husband took it back to the the store and announced that he was coming home with the diaper champ.
the fact that it uses regular garbage bags is a huge advantage and we have never had any problems with the smell.
.
.impressive considering some of the dirty diapers i have seen my son produce.
he is now six months old and the champ works as well as it did when we purchased it.
in addition, it's very easy to use.
just flip the handle and the diapers fall through to the bag.
couldn't be simpler.
we love this product so much that when i see people at the store looking at the diaper genie vs. the champ i will go up to them and tell them to select the diaper champ.
it originally appealed to me because of the cost benefit of using any old plastic bag.
we buy the generic tall kitchen bags.
we soon found that another benefit is that you only have to change the bag every 6 or 7 days!
additionally, it really has a one-handed operation.
i do admit, older children's diapers are a bit too stinky in the diaper champ, but i never said this product was a miracle worker.
i'm really happy with it and would recommend it to all of my friends and family.
we like that this product uses regular trash bags while still containing a lot of diapers.
it holds a lot of diapers so it doesn't need to be changed every day.
no need to buy re-fills.
it's so easy to use.
i didn't have any problems with odors til my daughter got older than 12 months.
once she started eating more "real" foods, her diapers became much smellier.
we empty it a little more frequently now than we used to because of her smellier diapers, but i think it's a great product!
i purchased this diaper pail after struggling for several months with the diaper genie.
the diaper champ was hands down the best diaper pail i used while my child was in diapers (i used three: diaper genie, easy saver diaper pail, and the diaper champ).
i didn't have to spend loads of money on the special diaper genie bags anymore, it had far superior odor control as compared to the easy saver diaper pail, and it's really easy to use - drop a diaper in, flip the handle over, done!
i actually developed pain in my elbow from all the twisting the diaper genie required as it wrapped each diaper into its little sausage-like casing.
i passed this diaper pail on to a friend once i was finished with it, and will happily purchase it for other friends in the future.
you never have to change any cartridges and you can use an ordinary garbage bag.
i love it and we have never had any smell escape from it.
i love this diaper pail.
yea, if you let poopy diapers sit in it for too long and don't change the bag on a regular basis it will start to stink but  c'mon its a bucket full of poopy diapers.as you child grows, or if you have older children watch out.
the handle system fascinates  little ones and they find it amusing that they can put something in, flip it and it disappears,  which is good when it's a diaper, bad when it's,,, your keys.
easy to use, easy to clean, cheaper to use, not bad-looking either.
any plastic shopping bag will work in this diaper pail.
the only con is that it can be tough to open until you get the hang of it.
let's face it.
this is a specially designed garbage can to hold human feces.
one cannot expect that it will be odor free.
mine certainly isn't.
it is my fault, though.
if i emptied the bag more often, there would not be a stench.
but alas, i am lazy.
so when i do change the bag, i also spray some lysol.
i like it that you just have to flip the handle for the diaper to go bye bye.when i first got the product, i really hurt my finger trying to open the thing.
but that was my own fault.
i did not have it on the floor.
when opening the lid, step on the stabilizer ring at the bottom of the unit and it opens with ease.i too love that you do not have to buy special bags for this.
what a pain to have to remember to buy and then spend five bucks a pop on genie bags.
thanks, but no.all in all, i really like my diaper champ.
it's also taller than the genie which is good for me, i don't have to bend over so much to flip the lid.
this is a fine product and i am happy with it.
i clean it weekly and since my daughter is on formula now, i never put poop diapers in it and therefore it never smells bad.
my favorite thing is that you can use any plastic sack store bag.
my only complain is that the part that you hook the bags to doesn't connect to anything to hold it up when cleaning.
after reading all the reviews on-line for this product i chose to register for it, now that i am using it i am disappointed.
i'm not sure if my sense of smell is just that of super hero's or my daughter has super smelly diapers.
either way her room does have the smell of dirty diapers when you enter and the "champ" is in the back corner of the room.
i guess i'm just grateful that the whole house doesn't smell as bad as her room.
stay away from the other brands that require special refill bags.
what a waste of money!
even the "new and improved" diaper genie can't compare to the diaper champ.the diaper champ uses regular size trash bags where the diaper genie requires special refills.
i can't imagine why anyone would want to constantly buy expensive refills for a diaper pail, when a simple trash bag is all you need.as for the "smell" issue.
let's face it - diapers stink.
and regardless of brand, any diaper pail will need to be emptied on a regular basis.
i really think some people don't realize this.
when i first had my son, i bought a diaper champ to keep at my mom's house.
when my mom used to change him, she'd dispose of the diaper in the diaper champ, but didn't change the pail.
after about a week she complained because it started to stink.
i had to explain to her that it wasn't a "magic pail", it was still just a covered trash bin.
(honestly, how did she raise 2 kids?...)
now, mom's back on track and loving her diaper champ.as far as the odor issue goes, i have seen no difference in odor control between the diaper genie vs the diaper champ - both work pretty well to contain and control odor better than a regular trash barrel, but neither are odor proof.
(i know that's mostly because he's responsibile for those diapers now, but it's still a great product!)
we have never noticed a diaper odor anywhere, not even while replacing the bag.every time one of my husband's friends' wives gets pregnant, my husband buys the guy the diaper champ, and they all love it!we have much less diaper odor than my firends with same-age babies have with diaper genie.
also, they say that when you change bags in diaper genie, the stench is unbearable.
there isn't a bag-changing smell with diaper champ, because the diapers do get some air when the top is flipped to add a diaper.
aerobic decomposition smells better than anaerobic decomposition, and whatever is going on in there, you smell it when you change bags.we do empty it twice a week (it gets full that often, anyway).it did get stuck a couple of times when it was way too full.
letting it get too full and leaving it too long may contribute to odor issues, too.not having to buy special bags saves us lots of time, hassle, and money.i do have one friend who "retired" hers to the back porch because of odor.
her daughter was nearly two years old by then, and the contents of her diapers are a lot different from the contents of an infant's diapers.
i was recommended this by a fellow mom before we had our daughter and purchased it from baby's r us.
it's fabulous!
we save $$ on those expensive diaper genie refills and it works great.
we put wet diapers in a seperate trash can (because they don't smell) and so we only put dirty diapers in the diaper champ so we only have to change the bag once a week and it does not smell!!
a few times i'd forget to change it (i change it, my husband takes it out to the trash) and if a full bag of stinky diapers is left for more than a few days, it does begin to smell, but any diaper pail would stink if it was full for more than a few days.
so i just change it once a week and it's the best, no expensive refills and no smells!!
:-d  i'd recommend this to anyone!
this product was silly to me until my husband insisted me to put on up on my baby registry.
i thought it would be silly to just throw away dirty diapers in there where i could just throw it in the trash can to save money.
then again, it was very useful since i have it next to the changing table.
two, no mess.
three, its very easy to use (all you need is to roll the handle back to dump the diaper and there it goes with a section for your next diaper).
but now i'm saying it stinks.
it smells after about 3 months if you dont clean the champ itself.
such a hastle right?
it's good only for wet diapers not dirty diapers!
if you dont mind washing the champ once in a while so that it wont stink up your nursery room.
i still think old fashion trash can with a lid do much better cause one you know its full, you will throw the trash away.
im giving this a 1 start out of 5 stars.
to put it simply, this is a necessary item for every home with a baby..-no refill bags (tip--can store extra empty bags inside in the bottom)-easy to empty & clean-no odors-not big & bulky
i wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
the only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
the way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
i can't tell you how many times i've chipped a nail or hurt my fingertips because of the force needed to open it.
that would be my only complaint.
i found that to be a joke since i got this as a gift for my shower (no receipt) and the repair would take six weeks (how i'll never know why).
fortunately babies r us will allow you to exchange the damaged item if it has been 90 days or less.
save yourself aggravation and make sure everything that goes down is bundled up neatly.
my main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
the hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as i am now using medium diapers (i have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact i make then and how un-soiled they are.
i have no issues w/ odor but baby poop doesn't start to smell really bad till they start on soilid so odor will not be a problem no matter what till then and that's many many months down the road.
my son is almost two, and let me tell you, little babies just don't produce the smells like the older ones.
probably any diaper pail will do until your child is about six months old, and then none will work that great.
yes, you do have to air them out once in a while, and clean them frequently (yay for lysol), but the plastic does absorb odors no matter what.
our diaper champ has reached its limit, and we are going to buy another one.why another champ, when it still lets out smells?
all diaper pails smell!!
no one will be reusing theirs for a second child.so i'm getting another champ because i like these things:- i can use it with one hand and can keep the other hand on my baby- i don't have to buy special refils (i do use odor-fighting garbage bags that really help)- i don't have to explain how to use it to babysitters.that's it.
i love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
the only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.i wash ours out with lysol each time i empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
when i brought it home, my husband laughed at me and said that it was just a "gadgety" baby thing that we didn't need.
he changed his mind though after we put it into use and saw how well it worked!first, it really keeps the odor in.
just to play it safe though, i make sure to empty it every day and a half to two days or so (you could probaby go longer), and i spray it with lysol as well.
keeping with that practice, i haven't had a problem with bad odors.secondly, its economical--its not expensive to buy, and its not expensive to maintain.
its nice to be able to use regular garbage bags and not having to buy expensive diaper disposal system specific bags.no bad odors and not expensive to buy or maintain---i definitely recommend this product!
you can't put poopie diapers in this pail, it doesn't hold the smell back at all.
i use it for the wet diapers and it's fine.
i use the scented bags for the poopie diapers and throw them away in my regular garabage that gets taken out every day.
opening the pail to empty the bag is a little difficult, but it's better than having to buy special bags for it.
the big blue round part on the side broke off for some reason and it wouldn't go back on.
i ended up using masking tape to hold it on.
it serves it's purpose, but i'm not thrilled with it.
this diaper pail is great and even better that you don't have to worry about running out of bags.
i have three complaints, the first is that you can only use about half the trash bag because of the way it dumps them in there which is kinda a waste.
the second is that it doesn't twist shut like the genie does so when you open up the pail you smell all the lovely smells.
the last is that it's top heavy when you open it up to put in the bag so you have to manuever it to put the bag in so it doesn't fall over but it can be done.
that's the only time it smells though.
my baby is breast fed so the smell isn't as bad as formula fed babies but our room smells fresh and clean.
i like not having to buy expensive bags especially with all the other costs a baby brings, and it does keep the smell out which is what it's supposed to do.
we are 1st time parents &amp; i read all the reviews on diaper-disposal products.
we are both clean-addicts &amp; love this product.
(no expensive refills needed!!!)
we empty it twice per week &amp; have no odor problems!update at 7mos(july04): we managed to get babiesrus to let us exchange the diaperchamp for a diapergenie and we were equally dissapointed with it too.
&amp; then just smelled all the time.
diaper genie was no better - even with toddler-strength refills.
i have found it so much easier to use cheap ziplocks and throw diapers in regular trash that goes out each night anyway (both diaper keepers required emptying every day &amp; would still smell).
i even tried wiping with lysol or clorox wipes daily &amp; those things are just a waste of time, effort and money.
dissapointing - wish it worked!
friends told me that the diaper genie did not work very well, so bought the diaper champ based on on-line reviews and i have been happy with it.
also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
someone told me not to get the diaper genie, but invest my money in the champ.
what sold me on it is that the champ uses ordinary garbage bags, nothing proprietary.
as my baby gets older and the poops get stinkier, we do have some odor problems, but we tend to cram the diaper bags as full as possible.
if we changed it every couple of days, there would probably not be an issue.
when we smell something, we change the bag; problem solved.
my only *real* problem with it is that, now that my son is walking, he likes to put things into the hole and turn the handle to watch them disappear.
i keep waiting for the day when he throws away something important and i don't catch it!
she constantly complained about it so i opted to try the diaper champ.
it is so easy to use especially since you can use regular trashbags vs. genie refills and the diaper is gone w/ a flip of a handle!!
my son is 9 months old and we have no smell problems!!!
i don't know how some people can complain about smells coming from this thing...it's sealed up like ft. knox.
you never see the inside of the pail until you empty it.
i would have to say the only way you may have an odor problem is if you never empty it!!!!!!!!!!
i have a beagle who completely ignores the diaper champ, will eat out of every other garbage can in the house, but ignores the champ.
a bit of a struggle as diapers get bigger, but totally worth the money!!!
no refills and odor free..can't beat that!!
don't waste your time or money on the other ones.
the diaper genie is way too complicated.
it's a trash can so it should be simple.
i shouldn't have to read directions on how to use it!
this one is great because it is so easy to use, i never smell any odor, and it uses normal trash bags!
why spend money on special trash bags?
i like the cheap roll of scented trash bags for like $2.00.
my girlfriend recommended the diaper champ over the diaper genie so i put it on my registry.
it certainly seems to contain the odors.
it's great that it uses regular garbage bags - no expensive refill bags to purchase.
the only small problem i've noticed is that it stops working before the pail is full because it stacks the diapers through a narrow hole.
also, when it's time to change the bag, wear a nose plug.
it holds lots of diapers and i do not have to spend money on refill bags.
i am starting to notice an oder escape from the diaper pail but it's nothing that i cannot handle.
i just use that as a sign to empty it, spray with lysol and replace the bag.
love this product - no smell - easy to change the bags - i don't have any complaints.
this is a good product.
it allows for quick and easy disposal of diapers, wipes, etc.
and does not require any special bags.
unlike other reviewers, i have not had any problems with it getting stuck.
it does start to smell when there are poopy diapers in it, but i can't imagine that any product could completely eliminate poopy diaper odor!!
if you change the bag regularly, you should not have any problem with odor.
we like it that this diaper pail uses regular garbage bags instead of specialty diaper pail inserts/liners.
the mechanism works well to dispose of the diapers and attempt to keep the smell isolated, but at a certain level of the room (usually nose-height when you're sitting on the floor) you can still smell poo.
it works well to bundle the diapers into compact little bundles and use the velcro to seal the bundles before you put it in the diaper hole.
overall, we are very satisfied.
i spent a lot of time researching diaper pails before i actually bought one.
i spoke to other parents to see what they used and most said that the diaper champ was leaps and bounds better than the alternatives.
now, owning one myself, i agree.
i don't have any problems with oders (uless i'm changing out the bag) and i don't have to spend tons of money on the refill bags.
you will be suprised how many diapers you change and how quickly the cost of those refills add up!
first, i think that it could have been made a little larger so you wouldn't have to change the bags as often.
the lid is heavy and if it falls on your fingers you won't be really happy.
it probably happens to everyone at least once.
overall this is an excellent product and i recommend it over all others out there.
i read a review below that can explain exactly what we experienced.
no smells, change it out once a week, easy to clean.
then a diaper snagged this foam material in the head part, so i pulled the rest of the foam out.
big mistake!!!
now it can no loner retain the stinkiness and we're looking for a replacement.
i got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
i can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
i ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because i change him so often downstairs.
it's much better than putting diapers in a downstairs trashcan.
the reviews were definitely right.
if you really want to save money, but still get a quality product, buy the diaper champ.i had a friend recommend it to me, and another friend recommend the diaper dekor.
when it came down to it, i couldn't make myself spend the extra money for something that needed expensive refills.
every time you have to buy refills, it is almost as expensive as buying a new diaper pail.
let's face it, babies are expensive and whenever you can save $ you should!!
!i buy a box of bags at target that i use for the kitchen and the diaper champ and they cost less than ten dollars for over 100 bags.my only complaint is that it is hard to get the pail open at first to change the bags, but it gets easier over time as it loosens up and you get the hang of it!if i had it to do over again, i would still buy the diaper champ!
i think it is great!
this is a great product!
you can also put the diaper in it using only 1 hand!
i gave it 4 stars only since 'once in a while' if the bag is very full, i may notice a slight smell.
but it is truly worth buying!
i love mine!
no mess, no smell.
(it's only 100ft to the garbage  shoot outside the apartment).
that opinion changed quickly after the first night i had to wake up to change diapers.it holds about 2 days of diapers so never get a chance to stink things up.
besides you baby will probably poop only 1-2 times /day.
i initially planned to get a diaper genie.
i opted not to because of the expensive refill bags.
i'm glad i didn't buy it.
we live in an apartment and have the champ set up in his bedroom.
i don't smell any odors unless i open the champ up to change the bag....which is expected when you have a bag filled with wet and soiled diapers.
we use scented glad bags to help mask the odor, which helps.
i don't know how it will perform when i switch my son to formula and when he starts solids, so i give the champ 4 stars.
i'll probably just put the wet diapers in it and take the soiled ones out to the garbage can.
i would definately recommend this diaper pail to my friends.
i had never liked the idea of the diaper genie because of the refills.
not only can they be a pain to install, but who needs one extra thing to watch a supply of?
i mean, with babies it's already far too easy to run out of diapers or formula.
i couldn't picture myself yelling to hubby, "honey, i know you have sixty other things to get...can you also pick up refills for the diaper pail?
we've never experienced odor from the pail.
it was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
makes life easier and keeps baby's room smelling like baby, not dirty diapers!
we have been using the diaper genie for the past 17 months and are very happy with it.
we opted to purchase this diaper pail even though my sil gave us her used diaper pail (the other popular pail...one that uses its own brand of bags) for free--and we are very glad we did.here's what we love about this pail...*holds a lot of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!!
(every now and then i spray down the inside of the pail with lysol)*easy one-hand use*impossible for my inquisitive child to get the dirty diapers out of the pailevery now and then odors do escape the pail, but that is rare--and it usually just means that we've crammed too much in there and need to change the bag.
we keep the diaper champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does not smell like dirty diapers.
the lid is quite heavy, so you do have to be careful of your fingers when changing the bags, but that's the only concern i've had with it.
you'll quickly see just how well it locks the odors in.
yes, it does develop a smell after a while.
after some time with the diaper genie there was no way to stop the odor.another thing, when the champ starts stinking it is usaully past time to empty it.
empty the champ at least twice a week, if not more.
we keep an air purifier in front of the diaper champ and that solves any strong smells when we don't empty it out on a regular basis.if you don't want to spend the money on the diaper champ, try a regular diaper pail with a lid.
you would more than likely end up emptying the pail daily and that will keep the smell out(plus regulare maintance), and it is less expensive than the diaper champ.there are three diaper pails out that are cheaper:safety 1st diaper pail: 8 gallons it's  a bit small$9.99 at target & babies r usodorless diaper pail: 13 gallons bags @ target $16.99easy saver daiper pail: 8 gallons $14.99 @ babies r usi have not tried any of these so i can't honestly review them.
these are if you are looking for cheaper alternative.
i would buy one of these over the diaper genie or diaper dekor.i still give it 4 stars.
it does it job and a lot better than the diaper genie or diapre dekor, no expensive refills.
everyone has kitchen trash bags that can be used with the champ or regular grocery bags could be put to use.
the good thing about using grocery bags is you will be emptying the diaper champ on a dialy basis therefore elimating build up on odor.i have the older diaper champ and opening the lid to empty the pail was a bit of a hassle.
it is enough of a detterent.
you get the hang of it.
i admit when i was an expecting father one of my concerns was diaper changing, mostly because of the odors (anyone with me on this one?)
as much as the odors won't go away during changing time, they do -as a matter of fact- dissapear once you throw the dirty diaper in the diaper champ.
put it in the top hole, roll the top with the handle, in the diaper goes and bye-bye to all odor!as if this were not already great, there's a big plus to this product, when you compare it to its biggest competitor, the diaper genie by playtex.
although this one costs $5 the first time around, it won't require special bags as the genie does, which cost $15 per set... this one takes your standard glad bags you can get in costco, bjs, sam's or your local supermarket, so rejoice!
(for diaper odors are over when the diaper goes in); and don't spend too much money to accomplish such a mundane task: make sure you get your diaper champ!
i looove this diaper pail!
after using the diaper genie for 2 months i decided i had enough with the refils and with how much of a pain it is to use.
i purchases this diaper pail in its place and i loooove it!
no more refills, it uses the same bags as my kitchen garbage!
i only have to empty it like once a week as oppsed to every other day with the diaper genie.
i have a bunch of poopy diapers in mine and you cant even smell them!
and i love the fact that you dont have to open it to put a diaper in so i can do it one handed.
just toss the diaper in the top and flip over the handle, its sooo easy!
and with the diaper genie i noticed that the smell would leak out a bit when you opened the top.
it is a little bigger than the other pails, but it holds alot more!
i would definatly recommend this product to anyone looking to buy a diaper pail!!!!!
my son is four months and this product is perfect.
no smells at all!
holds a decent amount of diapers, my husband empties it once a week.
no down side, all pluses here!
especially no special bags to buy.
and when your child is out of diapers, you can use it as a regular trash can to put food or pet waste in.
i like the fact that you don't have to purchase brand-name insert for this product, but can use any garbage bag.
i have to say, though, that after my daughter started solids, the odor control has not been great unless the bag is changed frequently.
you cannot imagine how much money you'll save and it doesn't smell at all!!!
you can use any kitchen size garbage bags without a problem and use it for a week without having to change the bag.
it's wonderfull!!!
i hate the diaper genie so i was excited to try this diaper champ out and i have to say i love it.
i hear so many people complaining about the smell and i have to say they're nuts!
(no offense)my son is now 5 1/2 months old and is nursing but also eats most solids including table foods when were out at a restaurant.
his diapers have definately changed in odor but i have not noticed any odor coming from the diaper champ.usually we change the bag about once a week, every garbage day so no dirty diapers are sitting in there for longer than a week.
i also fold my diapers up into what my husband calls an egg so the diaper itself helps control any odor.i have not even noticed a bad odor when changing the bag or i would do it outside to keep the odor out of the baby's bedroom.so why so many people are noticing an odor problem with this product is beyond me.
they've got to be doing something wrong.oh and the unit does need to be cleaned...if you get a big blow out diaper like babies are known to do, and you get poop on the pail, it does need to be wiped off.
i love this product.
it is not anymore difficult than emptying my kitchen trashcan and it smells a lot better!
i love the fact that you don't need a specific bag, and a cheap garbage bag is enough.
but it doesn't keep smells in at all.
i didn't realize i was buying a large one either, so even though it's far from full you have to take the gab out.
but it's just the nature of garbage.
it holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
at first i had a problem with some smell, then i realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
the latch isn't terribly difficult, and i wouldn't want it to be too easy since it sits in my son's room.
this is one of the items that i absolutely love, something i'd rather not live without.
the only time i've ever noticed a smell is when you leave the poopy diapers in the pail too long.love it!
i love this product!
we never notice a smell coming from it.
we also love that it uses regular trash bags rather than needing special bags.
it has been a really great product for us and we highly recommend it to anyone who is cloth diapering their baby.
we registered for the diaper champ mostly based on the reviews and the fact that no special bags were needed.
i am very impressed with how easy it is to change the bag and i have not had any problems with smells.
we use the odor guard trash bags but i doubt it has much effect (it doesn't in the kitchen anyway).
would definitely recommend
this is the only one i have ever used, and i have to say i like it!
it is easy to use, i just put in a white trash bag and dumped the diaper down the shute.
it holds a ton of daipers, and the smell is not bad at all.
i did notice now that my daughter is 15 months her poop is stonger and i dont put those in there, due to the smell.
but diapers with pee only do not smell at all.
the only bad thing is you need to ensure you dont get #2 on the shute or if you do it will stick there.
we have had no problems with odor at all as some other reviewers have complained of.
we empty it out about 2 times per week and only when we open the lid to take the trash bag out do we smell anything.
once it's sealed shut, no stench whatsoever.
the diaper champ came easy to assemble- only took 2 minutes to put together!
the design is simple, yet brilliant, and the odors are sealed inside the diaper champ until the bag needs to be changed.
our baby's room never smells!
we didn't even think about buying the diaper genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.
i love this product.
you can use any regular trash bag.
so far we have noticed no odors.
it fills up somewhat quickly, but you can make it last longer by wrapping diapers tightly before placing in the champ.
we hated that thing!
the "new" design still needs lots of improvement!
the bags never fit right and then it never spun right.
and after about two months it just sat there in the corner of her room and was never used.as she entered into toddlerhood we started having some bad diapers just becasue of her cutting teeth and diet changes.
we decided we had to have something so we started researching.
we use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around.
there is also no trick to it.
no spinning it or anyhting!
just flip the handle and the diaper is gone!now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
we empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
it is far better than just a trash can or the diaper genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
it is easy to change the bag, uses any trash bag, and does a decent job of containing odor.
i really appeciate all of these things after dealing with the other brands.
i would highly suggest using this one from the very beginning.
ok, so the idea of the diaper champ is awesome--it is very easy to use--that's why i gave it 1 star.
however...the thing really stinks!!
however, the handle broke on it just 2 weeks ago.
i thought..."maybe i could try the diaper champ since i won't have to purchase any liners"...well that was a huge mistake!!
i see why this thing got 4 stars--all of these parents have young children!!
my daughter is 14 months old & because she is older, i guess her diapers come with more odor!
after literally only a few diapers, her entire room smelled of poop!
i couldn't stand it!
in one week, i changed the garbage bag at least 4 times.
is that really saving money??
i don't think so!
plus her room really smelled bad.
the diaper champ must be great for infants, but you may want to consider something else for older babies!
i used to work in a daycare and we had a diaper genie.
it was such a pain to use.
we all hated it.
the diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
and the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
if you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!
there is no odor and it is very easy to use.
(you can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.)
also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the diaper genie).
and it's the largest diaper pail i've seen without taking up more floor space.
this is a great pail except for the heavy lid.
be careful when changing the bag so it doesn't come down on your hand.
the seal did come out, but it does not affect the odor.
this really does keep the smell in.with having twins, we change the bag every couple of days.
i wish it was a little bigger.i do recommend this pail!!!
at first me and my husband didnt know if we really wanted to get diaper pails for our twins.
we thought since the babies were going to be at his parents house while we were at work.
a garbage can would do just as well.
we did reg for the diaper champ to keep at the grandparents house.
we are so happy we did.
they are so easy to use.
you dont have to push the dirty diaper down with your hand you just lay it in the champ and turn the handle over.
at 6 months old yes the diapers are starting to get bigger but you just fold them with the velco of the diapers and its so easy.
ive had no problems of getting them stuck.
there really is no oder with the diaper champ.
we take the dirty diaper out every 4-5 days depends on how many we go through in a weeks time :), but even when their is a "dirty" diaper there is no smell in the room.
sometimes if we have a very "messy diaper" we just take it directly to the garage.
all around we have  had no problems and neither has grapa and grama.
we also spray it with cleaner weekly to help with those nasty germs!
all around its a great product.
it really is hands free, which means less mess, and their is no costly replacement bags that you have to mess around with!
i like that you can use your own garbage bags with the champ, but that's the only positive in my opinion.
i find it pretty hard to open it without breaking a nail and it does get fill up much more quickly than the decor.
when you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier.
i also like the decor because you can dispose of the diaper with your foot, instead of a hand like with the champ, because now that my son is super squirmy on the changing table, i need of my hands on him!
only problem...it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
the pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
this is the most convenient on the market considering you don't need specific refills!!!
i strongly recommend it.
let me just say this... after being a nanny for almost 10 years i have tried them all.
this one is really great.
i actually took a friends word on it and went with this champ when registering and i am glad i did.
i just knew all along what products i would not use, but was undecided on the actual one i wanted.
the thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
we just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
we just recently had to buy another roll of bags.
so $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
we lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
would reccommend to anyone and everyone!!
i do put really dirty diapers into a plastic shopping bag before putting it in the pail, to reduce the chance of nasty seepage and rub-off onto the chamber as the diaper is moved into the bottom.
it is not difficult to open, and the fact that it has a good clasp offers a sense of security for when our little girl starts pulling herself up on things, which will be soon (she's 8 months old).
i love the diaper champ!
everyone i knew had the diaper genie but had to buy expensive refills and did not like all the twisting involved.
after reading reviews of the diaper champ, i put it on my baby registry and i am glad i did.
also, be sure the tabs on soiled diapers are secured to the diaper or they will get stuck up under the cylinder on the way down.
i would definitely recommend choosing the diaper champ over the diaper genie, since you can use regular kitchen trash bags instead of expensive genie refills.
definitely reduces the odor (just be prepared for the awful smell when you open the top to change the bag!!!)
and is easy to clean.
the champ is great because you don't have to waste anymore money buying expensive refills like the diaper genie.
i did have some problems with the odor, but i think anything you put poop in and let sit for days will have odor so that's inevitable!
here's some tricks for this champ:1.
and the obvious, change the bag every couple days to eliminate the smell... don't expect to leave it there for a week and have it smell like roses!2.
the side straps of the diaper will get caught in the shoot so make sure you roll the diaper really tight and use the straps to hold it together, otherwise your diaper shoot will get clogged.3.
if you're like me, you probably have tons of grocery bags laying around.
keep a few handy in the nursery and use them to bag the poopy diapers.
my husband and i love this product.
it's large enough to hold many diapers, and it really does keep our nursery odor-free.
i really like that we don't need to purchase expensive bags to use with it.
we just use regular kitchen garbage bags.
this product is much better.
while other diaper pails require the use of thier own bags this pail uses any bag...including old shopping bags.
this save alot of money.
when you are a first time mom and on a tight budget every little bit helps.
we also wanted the diaper champ instead of the genie because...who wants to buy special bags??
it is a life saver to just throw in a kitchen garbage bag.
we ended up receiving ours as a hand-me-down, and i was worried that it would smell.
surprisingly enough - it only starts to smell when it's time to change the bag.
and sure enough, the lid would start "sticking" right about that time, which told me that the bag was full and it was time to change it (instead of struggling to stuff another couple diapers in).
since we are new parents, we'd sometimes make a mess trying to toss a dirty diaper in, but it's so easy to clean.
just keep some lysol wipes by the changing table, and wipe it down if you get anything anywhere.
for one thing, the diapers always get jammed in it.
the product also leaves a faint smell in the room.
all in all, the diaper champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
i love that you can use regular plastic bags and don't need to buy refills for it.
once in a great while it will stink a bit but only when i used too big of a bag and have a lot of diapers in there.
wipes up nice and clean with antibacterial wipes.
the flip action is so easy to use that even your toddler (or your foot) can do it to make diapers and smell disapper.
(now that my baby is older and stinkier, i notice a faint smell if i stand right over it, but i just sprinkle some baking soda in the bag, or you could but a couple charcoal brickettes in the bottom, or any other of the 101 odor absorbing remedies out there.
)and practically speaking, stratch another item off that long baby shopping list--with this you can forget the diaper pail refills and just use the good old kitchen garbage bags that are sitting under your sink.
i thought the idea of keeping dirty diapers in the house was just gross, so i decided to make 20 trips a day to the trash.
boy, was i misguided in my thinking,because this diaper champ is a godsend!
you really do not smell a thing!
i heard the diaper genie was a huge mess, so i did not even attempt to buy it.
get this and limit those trips out to the trash!
it does contain most of the odors but not all.
it is however a huge hassle to open so beware if you value your manicures.
it will save you money on refills so that's a plus.
this product is wonderful!
my only complaint is that it could be a little bigger to hold a bit more.
it keeps the smell out completely!
the fact that i can use a regular trash bag is a definite plus to a mommy with a small budget!i highly recommend this product!
we always tightly wrap our diapers and i even tried washing it frequently but after about 3 or 4 days the stench comes right back and now i'm at a point where it's just taking too much time and effort to maintain.
there is one serious design flaw though - the pail is tapered such that the bottom is noticeably larger than the top (probably for balancing purposes).
the problem is if the diaper bag gets too full it makes it really hard to pull out the diapers.pros:- cheaper than alternatives- worked great the first 6 months- was able to use normal garbage bagscons:- smells after 6 months- bad tapered design makes it hard to remove diapers
after reading the glowing reviews here and receiving a positive one from a friend, we decided to replace a broken diaper genie (lid broke off) with the champ.
what a disappointment!
here are the big two complaints:1.
it's unsanitary.
putting diapers and messy wipes into the slot and dumping them in the bucket leaves the slot a germy mess.
having to clean the slot each and every time is just unrealistic and too much work!
and i fear our toddler getting anywhere near the thing because of the germs.2.
the smell.
it's probably not as bad with an infant, but let me tell you, opening the lid to empty toddler diapers is one frightening experience!
yikes, what a smell after just a couple days.
we used the odor prevention garbage bags, but nothing prepared me for that odor when i opened the lid.
since nothing seals off the individual diapers, it's just a sea of messy diapers in there.
yuck.on the plus side, it's wonderful to be able to use regular garbage bags, not the expensive ones the genie requires.
and it's certainly easy to use.
but i'm not sure how this product is any better than just using a garbage can with a lid.when our second child arrives next year, we'll be going back to the diaper genie.
it's not perfect, but it's much cleaner and there's less odor involved (the reason to get one of these products in the first place).
i've been over to friends' houses and fought with their diaper genies.
i decided to go with the diaper champ instead, because you can use regular trash bags with it (much less expensive than the genie refills).i had no complaints, until it got really warm in my daughter's room and then the smell appeared.
i've tried lysol and the dryer sheet at the bottom of the can and various other tricks to mask the odor emanating from the champ without luck.
baby is breast-fed too.
i can only imagine how bad the smell will be, once we start her on solids.
ick.i'm wondering if fighting with the genie and buying refills is a better option for us, as we don't have air-conditioning and it will get warm in the room this summer!i will say this though, other reviewers have complained that the bag is not completely full when the champ seems to need a change, but i find this convenient, as i don't have to drag out an extremely heavy bag.
......all i can say is the smell is horrible.....1 star.....
please don't buy this one!
i love this product!
with the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
no need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
i registered for this diaper pail as opposed to a diaper genie because i didn't want to have to purchase refills.
it contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
i also sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the diaper champ to help absorb odors - every once in awhile i just empty the old baking soda out and replace it.
i don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far i have no complaints and i'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
i thought about getting the diaper genie at first but then did some research.
this is the best for your money!
not only was it less expensive than most other diaper pails, it also works the best.
the only time smell escapes from it is then you open it to take out the bag.
i really love how you don't have to buy bags for it, and that it takes perfectly good trash bags.
that will save you a bundle of money alone!
i wish it would hold more diapers but i really can't complain.
don't buy anything else!
i have never bought any other diaper pail, so i am not sure how it stacks up, but the diaper champ has proven to be a good product!
one little downfall is that it seems to fill up fast (by 3 days!
)which makes it hard to turn the cover.
overall, i am happy with this product & do recommend it.
this is a must have product for all new moms!!!!
the one thing that sets this product apart from the diaper genie is that this product can use regular garbage bags...any garbage bags will fit.
the diaper genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend...this is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers....fantastic!
we've used this diaper champ for the past 8 months and it's worked great.
no problems or odors at all.
i have experienced no issues with odor, in fact i keep this in my baby's closet.
just a spray of lysol in between bag changes and everything smells rosy!
great value for an excellent product.
when my hand-me-down diaper genie broke, i bought a diaper champ.
i figured i'd save some money not having to buy the diaper genie refills.
while i was happy about being able to use regular trash bags, that was all that really impressed me with the diaper champ.the odor protection of the diaper champ really leaves something to be desired.
my son's room smelled very badly, even when i changed the pail every day.changing the diaper champ really isn't a pleasant experience.
not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.well, i'm back to using a diaper genie, and my son's room smells just fine.
save your money and buy something other than the diaper champ the first time around.
i decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: no refills needed!
you use any type of bag you want, and i love this idea.
the refills for all the others are so spendy and they don't hold that many diapers.
i'd rather buy cheap 13 gallon garbage bags from wal-mart or use one of the gazillion plastic grocery bags we already have in a cupboard at home.
it also keeps the smell away perfectly fine-until you open it of course to take the bag out to the garbage can!
it's so easy to pop a bag in or out as well.
i think it's great and i highly recommend it to every family that loves to save money.
unlike the diaper genie, the diaper champ can be used for both disposable and cloth diapers.
we have two of them since we mostly use cloth, but occasionally need to use a disposable.
it's great, and very easy to use, but you do have to empty it a couple of times a week or you will get a little stink from all the rotting diapers.
i'm not sure about this one.
in concept, it's a fabulous idea.
i love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
the cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
in addition, i don't believe that it is odorless.
my daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor...i'm concerned that as she gets older the #2 diapers will only get worse.
if i had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, i would go w/ the diaper genie.
my husband and i hated this diaper pail from the day we first began using it.
the cylinder continually got stuck, and diapers would often get stuck in the cylinder.
it is no fun pulling apart a diaper pail at 2:00 in the morning because the handle won't go down due to a diaper that is stuck in it.
the diapers are placed in a plastic hole at the top of the pail, and then they drop through to the bag.
well, messy diapers sometimes left a bit of a mess in the opening area, and it was not easy to clean.
finally, after two months of dealing with this pail, one morning, i flipped the handle, and the cylinder fell right into the bottom of the pail.
(it was not a pleasant task to retrieve it, either!)
i haven't been able to figure out how to fix it, so we are using a safety 1st diaper pail now, and the diaper champ will be hauled to the road for the trash pickup next week.
i think that for the price, it should have lasted longer than two months.
i do not recommend this product.
we have purchased this diaper pail four years ago [i was so disgusted with diaper genie we had at the time (not just wasting the money on the refills, but also the smell and having to push & twist was more than i wanted to deal with)].diaper champ was so much easier to operate!
when my daughter turned one, she started disposing of her diapers herself and she never failed!we used regular grocery bags and changed them twice a week to avoid them getting too full and/or smelly.
[we've discovered that regular shopping bags from target are larger and sturdier than your average grocery bag and we're now using them with daughter #2, replacing them once a week].
we have never had any problems with diaperchamp, and we're still using the one that we purchased in 2001!
it's virtually indestructible, easy to wash and operate, doesn't cost you any more money than you initially pay for it, and it does not smell!i would highly recommend this product to anyone.
i chose to register for the diaper champ for convenience.
you can use a plain ole garbage bag instead of purchasing something separate.
what busy mom has time to run out to get special bags?
in 5 months i've had one instance of a terrible smell and it was just a really bad diaper - we all know those.
:)  it's very easy to clean and so easy to use.
we purchased the diaper champ instead of the diaper genie because we didn't want to buy special bags.
we can use our regular garbage bags so the cost is very minimal and we don't have to worry about going out and buying those special bags like for the diaper genie.we use cloth diapers and it works really well for that.
we change the bag almost daily, as we have two in diapers and cloth diapers are bulkier.
when it gets hard to turn, it is time to change the bag!the diaper champ really minimizes the odor and is very easy to clean up, we just wipe it with a soapy cloth and sometimes spray a little disinfectant to help with the smell.this is great and i would recommend it for everyone.
i don't like how easily it gets backed up though.
i have to frequently push down the center to get it to rotate, much before it needs to be changed.
i had planned to get the diaper genie, but after i read the reviews, the diaper champ won out!
i love the fact that the diaper champ accepts any kind of bag, and you don't have to purchase specific bags.
that's way too much of a headache and expense that i don't need.
it took me a few minutes to learn how to change the bag, but that, too, is easy once you figure it out.
we haven't had a problem at all with the smell, but we do wipe it out with clorox wipes every so often just to make sure.
this is one of those baby items i wouldn't want to do without.
i'm all about practicality when it comes to baby products and the diaper champ is right in line with my views.very easy to use,(my senior citizen parents figured it out...lol), controls odor well and uses regular trash bags...woohoo!
who wants to spend money all the time for "fancy" trash bags.
buy the diaper champ and save the money for something fun for baby.
pro's1.
doesn't take up too much space2.
can use regular trash bags (saves money!)con's1.
there is a slight smell when my son delivers a really stinky muddy diaper.
(other than that there is no smell.
i just throw the "bombers" in the trash outside.fyi1.
don't let it get too full, otherwise it is hard to pull the trash bags out to empty.
and once it is open (stinky!!!)
you don't want to waste any time getting the full bag out of the house.update: our son is now 9.5 months old and it just stinks.
no matter if there is a diaper in there or not.
we have cleaned it, sprayed it, bleached it, put dryer sheets in it, well you name it and we have tried it.
the thing stinks!!!
we have since tried other bags and such but if you walk in my sons room you smell the diaper champ.
it is going out i am sad to say.
but we did get several smell free months out of it.
also just a note.
i love this diaper champ.
i got it as a shower gift and hadent heard of it before but when i started using it i had to tell all my friends.
this will definatly be my gift of choice from now on to all my pregnant friends.
as other reviews say the smell isnt that great when it gets full but its not that bad (i see it as a hint the bag is full and its time to change).
i also spray the inside w/ febreeze or lysol disinfectant during each change and that nips the problem in the bud.
overall, its one of those things that i cant live without but didnt know it until i got it.
we got this for our newborn, and within the first two weeks of use, the liner (that i assume is supposed to keep odor in) fell out because it got caught on one of the stickies on the diaper.
remember this thing contains poop, so if it is not changed often, it will smell.
the best thing about this product is you don't have to purchase their bags.
it does certainly reduce the odor but the bag still needs to be replaced regularly otherwise the odor will sneak up on you.
i decided to go with the diaper champ rather than the more popular diaper genie, because i didn't like the idea of having to buy special bags.
too costly and not efficient if you ask me!this product is a lifesaver!!
i have never had an odor problem!no one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
in fact, people who have been present while i changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once i dispose of the diaper in the diaper champ.for those who are experiencing odor problems, here are some suggestions which should solve the problem:1.
change bags frequently!!
i change mine about 1 or 2 times a week.
for those who complain that the pail gets stuck, that is probably a good indication that the bag is getting too full!!
also, making sure that the tape on the diapers is secure will prevent that from happening as well.2.
you still have to clean the thing!!
hello, it does house dirty diapers!!
all i do is wipe it down with some antibacterial wipes (takes about 10 seconds!!)
and then maybe spray some lysol in it and let it air out for a minute or two.
and so does the smell of their diapers!in talking with other parents, i get the same feedback - as babies get older and become toddlers, all diaper pails become gradually less and less effective until they are just no longer useful.
!all in all, this product is definitely one i would recommend and certainly worth the very reasonable price.
i love this!
i was hesitant to buy too since the "sheet" is expensive and hardly a "sheet" at all.
but once i used it, it made changing the crib in the middle of the night speedy, letting baby and me get back to sleep quicker.first off, it is soft to lay on, absorbant and waterproof.
if baby's diaper leaks it only gets on this sheet.
you can take the sheet off easily by just removing the snaps attached around your crib slats.
it just has problems fitting around the big 4 corner crib rails so i am forced to attach the snaps on the regular rails instead which makes the sheet not be able to stretch to look completely flat.today i just found another use out of it though after feeling that it was a waste to buy this.
my son has been pulling up to stand and teething on the top side rails and actually made teeth marks with paint coming off!
ah!
so i improvised and used this crib sheet to cover the top rail, it fit perfectly in length and snaps perfectly together to stay on.
he usually only teethes on 1 side too!
it does make it somewhat easier to change sheets in the middle of the night, but you still have to unsnap it from about 10 places on the crib to do so; i've also found the snaps a little difficult to engage.
i'm glad to have one of these, but it isn't the miracle sheet i hoped for.
here's what i like about this product: it's easy to change, and it provides a leak-proof barrier between the baby and the mattress.
here's what i don't like: the snaps are not a great fit for my crib and sometimes come undone; one snap stopped working altogether; and the sheet wrinkles and is difficult to smooth out.all in all, the good outweighs the bad.
the sheet is particularly handy for newborns who might leak during the night, requiring sheet changes when you're half asleep.
i only use it now when i know he is prone to leaking, such as when he is between diaper sizes.
otherwise, i use regular sheets.
put it on your registry.
it's kind of weird to be putting a cover over your crib sheet (and never having to change the crib sheet), but these were a lifesaver after my daughter started leaking poop like crazy overnight.
changing the crib sheet daily was not fun.after i got this, it got a bit easier.
it's not super fast to unsnap and snap on, but better than replacing the crib sheet (esp given i have a mobile that gets in the way of taking the mattress out).i have 3 of these so i don't have to immediately wash the dirty one.only con is that the material seems a little rough.
not as soft as the crib sheet fabric, unfortunately.
it's a nice thick pad and seems comfortable enough to use in place of a sheet everyday, but it's too expensive for a sheet and because it has the rubber bottom, you can't really put it in the dryer without harming it.
it takes a long time to hang dry.
if it were less expensive, i'd get a few more.
i have been using these sheets for 6 months.
i have two ultimate crib sheets, and when my 6 month old has diaper leaks or blowouts while sleeping, i can easily switch to the new ultimate sheet.
they are machine washable and dryer safe, which i love, considering i am doing baby laundry multiple times a week.
putting regular sheets on crib mattresses is a huge hassle, so the ultimate crib sheet is a huge help for middle of the night diaper leaks.
it takes me much less time to switch these out than to change the whole sheet.
i leave baby's cute sheets on the mattress and use this on top.size: both of mine shrank a tiny bit in the dryer, but it is not a problem at all.
they fit flat on top of a regular crib-size mattress.material:  the top side is a breathable, soft cotton layer.
the bottom side has a soft, waterproof plastic feel.
i found the ultimate crib sheet to be much more trouble than it's worth.
lifting my daughter's mattress takes no effort: it's made of  lightweight foam.
i just have to lift the mattress, and it takes two seconds.
on the other hand, snapping all the ties on the ultimate crib sheet takes bending over the crib for five solid minutes (plus, the manufacturer recommends snapping the snaps before every wash, which means snap on crib, unsnap, snap again before wash, unsnap, snap on crib...) so, if you have a foam mattress in a corner of the room, i'd suggest just getting normal sheets and some of those stay-dry liners.
if you have a coil mattress and keep the crib in the center of the room, then by all means, try the ultimate crib sheet...
was really, really excited to get these, then read what it is made out of, the very bottom layer is pvc.
now why would i want my newborn daughter to sleep on this and breathe it in?
not in a lifetime.
my mom said to get enough crib sheets because it was something you had to change constantly....
i now have a drawer full of crib sheets that have never been used!
it is soft, the cotton is excellent quality and the work of crib changing at 3 in the morning it just went from 10 minutes to 1 minute!
nothing can bit 9 minutes of extra sleep in the middle of the night
the baby isn't here yet.
i'm a tad hesitant because they don't fit very well on our convertable crib.
they do give instuctions, saying to just use a slate next to the thickers corner one(for convertable cribs), but i find it fits very awkwardly.
however taking the whole crib apart(with the bumper being a huge deal, also to get on, considering the thick corner posts), it makes me want to cry to think i'd have to do this very often.
so, we'll give these a shot.
i may end up doing the zip on sheet set, which would work with any crib, and seems like a dream.
i just didn't want to invest in that, if i could get away with these.
will let you all know, if these turn out to be a disaster.
this item was great in the middle of the night when little one had an accident.
you just unsnap and you have a clean surface ready to go.
however...i really hated that after i washed this item only a few times, the surface became very rough to the point that i quit using it all together.
it's a pain to change the sheet each time now, but don't want my baby sleeping on a rough sheet.
these should be in everyone's registry.
it's something you don't think about, but will save you when you're totally exhausted and your baby spits up in bed.
just unsnap, throw in the washer and go back to bed!soft, waterproof, love these.
really they should hand these out at the hospital.
ever tried to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night while your kids has either puked or peed on it.
no one is happy, everyone is crying.
the snaps are so much easier to deal with and the sheet is super absorbent.
we have two so if there is an accident - one gets replaced while the dirty one is washed.
these sheets have survived numerous washes without fail.
we keep one on the crib (or folded over in the pack n play) at all times.
they've saved us many nights of wrestling to change sheets, we just change these!
i really wish that i had this when my son was a newborn and all those midnight crib cya gongs could have been avoided.
this is a really great and easy to use product.
make sure tha you buy a backup one or teo for those late night changings.
this came in very handy when our 18 month old went through potty training and just for any other leakages or accidents that kids sometimes have.my only complaint was that when we washed these in the wash, some of the snaps would break off.
also, on a side note, as cheap as these are from amazon, i have also been able to find the same brand at tjmaxx and marshalls for half the price.
whenever he gets it wet i just take the blanket and the cover and wash it easily.
i don't have to mess with the fitted sheet and trying to get it off of the mattress which is so hard since they are so tightly fitted against the crib.
you can use it anywhere.
i really like this sheet!
it keeps the rest of my son's crib sheets dry, so easy to take off and clean.
especially great for those nighttime leaks when you just need to change baby and the sheet and get back to bed!
i thoroughly enjoy this product.
the upper material is soft and smooth with adequate middle absorption so that it catches excess moisture.
i have not yet had any problems with her getting underneath it.
they may not fit around larger crib posts.
at 3am, i love not having to wrestle with the crib mattress.
i recently attended a baby shower and gave this as a gift.
since then she has given birth and this sheet has been working well for her.
update: after washing them only a few times, the snaps have been falling off so this sheet is not very sturdy.
i now call it a "disposable sheet" and would rate it only 3 stars if i was allowed to change the rating.my previous review:this sheet is a fantastic idea.
imagine waking up to feed your baby only to have them spit up and/or poop/pee on the bed sheet.
instead of taken apart the bumper to remove the mattress to change the sheet, all that is required is to unsnap the corners that secure sheet in place.
then you put another one on...the whole process will take you less than 5 minutes.
i have three, one for the hamper, one on the crib, and one waiting to be used in case of a bed wetting!
i absolutely love this sheet!
just snap one off and snap another one on- so convenient, especially for those middle of the night changes!
a couple of my snaps have fallen off over time, but it's no big deal, and the sheet will still work- i highly recommed this sheet to anyone who has a baby!
the concept of this product is good, but i found the snaps extremely difficult to snap and unsnap (maybe they get easier with a little wear, but i haven't used it enough to see).
therefore, i found it both quicker and easier just to take the mattress out all together and use fitted sheets (which are also more attractive).
i would only use this product if you have a mattress/crib set that have a fit making it extremely difficult to get the mattress out.
seems like most crib mattresses slide out pretty easily, making this product pretty unnecessary.
i registered for the ultimate crib sheet after reading reviews in books and online.
it's better than the standard sheet savers because it covers the entire top of the matress - not just one part.
it snaps securely in place and can be changed in seconds!
i keep the regular crib sheet on the mattress for looks only (matches bumper and skirt) - baby never actually comes in contact with it.
get two or three ultimate crib sheets for easy changes - so much easier to change than the regular sheets...removing and replacing the bumper for those sheet changes is a huge pain and time consuming.
this product makes cleaning up so easy!
the only drawback is that it only comes in white, but since it can only be seen looking into the crib, it not a big issue for me.
these are the only sheets i have ever used in my son's crib.
i bought one regular sheet to cover the mattress, and i've never taken it off.
i just use my ultimate crib sheets.
i have three; i would recommend that number.
i can't imagine how much of a pain it would be to have to lift the crib mattress up to change sheets...this is just so easy snap, snap, snap and you're done!i never dry mine in the dryer.
i hang it on a drying rack and it's usually dry after a few hours.
i want mine to last, and using the dryer tends to wear them out.
i've never not had one on hand, with 3 total.
i thought this looked wonderful in the store so i registered for a couple.
i started using these and haven't had to change the cute sheet since.
it's so easy to just snap on and not fuss with anything else.
it's a soft sheet on top, an absorbent layer in the middle, and a waterproof vinyl back so nothing leaks through.
i've changed it in the middle of the night in a couple minutes tops... it washes up great with my baby's normal laundry too!
i highly recommend these sheets.
the cons?every time i have to deal with this sheet, i swear that i hate it with every fiber of my being.
the first time i tried to put in on the mattress, i was fussing and swearing at it and was sweating my butt off trying to get it hooked on.
it is not intuitive at all to snap on:1) the snap bands aren't placed equidistant so you just have to guess at where they should go.2) in order to snap the opposite side you have to lean over and into the crib (or you have to pull it away from the wall)...3) all while trying to stick your fingers through the slats to pull the bands through and snap them.4) once i had the bands hooked where it seemed they should...i got to the opposite end and there was no way the bands were hooking--it was a few inches too short!
grrrrrrr!at that point, sweaty and frustrated, i gave up and threw the damn thing at my husband and told him to do it.
when the boy spits up or his diaper leaks or he sweats a lot, it does not make it through to the mattress.
but that said, it's not like there's a lot of liquid to worry about.we haven't had any issue with the snaps not staying snapped or the baby getting underneath the sheet.overall?we are still using this, although i am not quite sure why.
there has to be another solution that doesn't cause me mental anguish trying to put it on (although, honestly, sheets of any kind are a pita).
so i give it three stars, but with a warning that it's a pain to put on.
at the head and foot of the sheet there are snaps that can come completely off.one elastic strap end snaps to the sheet then wraps around the crib rail and snaps back onto the sheet.
if you undo both snaps you are left with a loose elastic band.
baby could choke on it if you ask me.
i liked the product for its ease of use.. but once i noticed the straps could snap completely off.. i stopped using it.
we have something similar to this leftover from when my daughter was a baby and i wanted another, i wasn't ablt to find exactly the same pad but this is doing the job.
when your little one spits up, vomits, or leaks in the middle of the night, this is a lifesaver!
ok, i am exaggerating, but it sure beats getting the mattress out, taking off the fitted sheet, and then putting another on.
just snap the buttons off, throw it in the washer, and put your little one back in the crib.
i have never had a problem with it shrinking but then i've never thrown it in the wash.
i love this sheet!
i have 4 of them (2 for each child).
they are great for potty training accidents and for one unfortunate night with the stomach flu.
i used to wrestle with matress when changing the sheets but not anymore.
i have the pretty sheet that matches the bedding on the bottom and the crib sheet on top.
now if there is a middle-of-the-night accident i just unsnap the cirb sheet, pull it off, and put a clean one in its place.
this is such a helpful product that helps keep the baby's sheets protected.
i love how it has saved me from changing the entire crib sheets off of the mattress.
it's saved me money since it protected the crib sheet so well that i haven't bought any new crib sheet.
the elastic snaps definitely serve a purpose for safety so i use them but they are a little tiresome.
if there were a better, yet safe, alternative for the snaps i would have given this product 5 stars.
overall, i'd highly recommend this product.
they are so easy to put on (or change when you're half asleep) and really protect the baby's sheets.
i have three of them right now!
you need to be careful with them in the washer and dryer (the washer sometimes ripped the backings on them and the dryer sometimes broke off the snaps) but they are so worth it!
the first time i went to change the crib sheet on my baby's crib i understood the importance of the ultimate crib sheet!
it was given as a gift & i put one more on my registry after realizing i had to take the whole crib ensemble apart to change the sheet!
now i change the sheet only occasionally & it is more for asthetics.
save money on sheets & just get one or two decorative sheets & get at least 2 of these!!
!update at 7 mos (july04): i have survived very well with 2 of the ultimate crib sheets - and boy when they start slithering around the crib & wetting through diapers & spitting up solids - you will be so thankful to have this little dandy item!
don't go without!!!!
we registered for the ultimate crib sheet because a cousin and a few friends raved about it - they said to get two so that one could be on the crib and one could be in the wash.
i received it at my baby shower, but we have found only limited value in this crib sheet for our 11 month old daughter.
i am glad we only have one of these!the ultimate crib sheet that we have is the style with elastic straps on each corner, one fully-removable elastic strap in the center of the short end, and two straps on each long end.
we have a pali wendy 4-in-1 convertible crib and the corner posts are quite thick, to the point where the elastic straps are not long enough to easily go around the corners.
instead on one end of the crib we have to resort to wrapping the straps around the crib slats adjacent to the corner posts and that means there's slightly less than full coverage of the sheet underneath.
it would be easy for summer infant to make this sheet more adaptable to current crib styles by making the length of the corner straps longer or using multiple snap sockets to make the strap length adjustable.
this sheet fits better on a standard/traditional crib with thinner diameter corner posts.i also question the real value of this for older babies who move around in their cribs.
we have the crib bumper on now despite not having used it between 1-8 months of age because she is a real mover and likes to stay on the perimeter of her crib to sleep - she was sticking limbs out between crib slats and woke up crying as a result.
on the handful of occasions where she's thrown up in her crib (always when she's come down with an upper respiratory bug), she's inevitably hosed the bumper as well.
i use this on top of my crib sheet when my crib sheet is dirty and i don't have a replacement.
so in that sense it's helpful.
my daughter doesn't pee through her diaper so i haven't used it for liquid leaks.
it can probably hold a lot of pee, but the real question is why does your kid need this kind of protection?
(unless you put them to sleep without a diaper on!)
i find all the snaps to be a pain in the butt.
if i could do over i wouldn't buy this very expensive crib sheet.
i'd just get multiple regular crib sheets.
the reviews that say this product is soft are all pretty old (2002-2004 isn).
recent reviews all agree that the product is not soft.
somewhere down the line they must have tried to save some money and made this product.
i wouldn't sleep on this so will not use it for my son's crib.
as far as protecting the sheet it probably does what is says...but i'll never know since i'm returning it.
this is the best crib sheet out there!
i absolutely love the idea of this crib sheet.
after receiving one as a gift i immediately tried putting it in the crib.
to my disappointment, the elastics at the corners will not fit around the wide posts of my crib.
for those of you that have italian made cribs (i have a baby italia), this sheet may not work for you either.
this should come as no suprise since it is also harder to find crib bumpers that fit correctly too.
you may find that you'll have to try another brand.
i bought three of these before my son was born and it was money well spent - we bought one cute sheet that goes with his bedding that we leave on and change the ultimate crib sheet as needed.
believe me, when your little one spits up in the middle of the night and you need to change the sheet, you will be so thankfull you just have to unsnap and put a fresh one on.
changing crib sheets with a bumber in place is a major pain!
these are super soft, hold up to repeated washing, stay in place and absorb the mess away from your baby.
reality is...you don't have to have this, but it really helps simplify your life if you do.
you don't have to take off the crib bumper and lift the mattress to take off this crib sheet.
instead, you just unsnap and place a clean one on top of the mattress.
i give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it's annoying to have to snap all of the straps prior to washing it and also because there is some shrinking that occurs after it's washed (make sure you put it on the low setting in your dryer).
also, they are expensive.
i have two of them and it's worked out just fine.
my sister recommended this product to me, and i wanted to like it.
it is very waterproof!
but the waterproof barrier makes this not breathable.
we always keep our house at 68-70 and dressed him in a cotton sleeper.
if he was laying on his back, his chest would be cool, but his back would be hot and sticky.
or if laying on his stomach, his front would be sweaty, but his back cool.
changing a fitted mattress sheet is a giant pain in the butt.
it was slightly more expensive, but it was worth it.
wool is a truly fabulous product: very breathable, helps regulate body temp, naturally water resistant, anti bacterial and natural!!!!
no man-made plastics or vinyl that you have to worry about weird off-gassing chemicals.
our crib does not have slats at the head and foot, so we can only use 8 of the snap straps ... after only two washings, the sheet is curling up at the ends and will not lay flat.
i will probably stop using this once she can roll over.
it works well enough, but it takes so long to get all 10 of those snaps around the crib rails, ya might as well just change the regular sheet.
the strings ripped off when i tried to pull it off of the crib.
i also didn't like the idea of this being on top of the mattress and crib sheets.
so it might be a good idea if you don't have a great baby mattress or aren't into decorating the baby space.
at first i thought this product was clever, but once i got it i realized how useless it was.
it's so easy to take the crib sheet off of my baby's crib, so i really never needed this.
i had bought this sheet on the recommendation of others from babies r us.
the snaps make it a breeze to change, i'm so glad i don't have to take the mattress out of the crib all the time!
the waterproof backing is great not just for the diaper leaks but also for the spit-ups.
the only reason i'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the snaps don't fit exactly around my crib rungs so it's a little wrinkled and off center, but my baby doesn't seem to mind.
so easy to use, it's the only one i ever used!
my daughter is 5 months old and has never leaked at night so it hasn't been necessary.
so not sure if i would spend the money again knowing this.
yes i have pretty sheets on the crib......but who wants to wash them every time there is a mess.
well this is the answer!
so much easier (since they snap around the crib slats) to get on and off!
waterproof!!
what else should i say!
i measured the crib before purchasing this, but it was not a hood fit for our standard jenny lind crib.
some of the elastic snaps could not stretch far enough to snap closed, so they just hung thee.
seemed like a good idea, but i didn't care for it.
i returned it because it wasn't soft.
actual crib sheets are much nicer to look at too.
this is a great product!
when your little one leaks in the night, just unsnap and toss the dirty one aside, and you'll have a clean one underneath.
never once did i have any of the permanent snaps fall (there are two completely detachable snaps on the ends that i don't even use).
i bought this, put it on the crib, took one look at it, took it off, and returned it.
i have a standard 28x52 crib and this was too big for it--it bunched and wouldn't lay flat.
also the snaps didn't match up well w/ my cribs slats and even if they did they were too long to actually be safe and secure.
my daughter slept w/ us or a bassinet until she was 3 months old and by then the diaper leaks and constant spit up were behind us so i don't have to change her ordinary crib sheet that often anyway.
a must have with babies.
remove the elastic tabs and put it on the livingroom floor for baby to play or sleep.
i thought i would love this to help do quick crib changes for when a child is sick, or has an accident/leak... however it is really annoying for me to weave the elastic around the crib slats to fasten the buttons-- really doesnt save time, and since our mattress cover is waterproof i dont really need another waterproof layer.
i ordered two pack.
one of them was an open item but the sheet looks fine and doesn't seem like have been used.
my son spit up in his sleep for the first 6 months, so this product was wonderful.
however, by the time that he was 6 months old, all of my ultimate crib sheets had developed holes and cracks in the plastic backs.
the product was such a life saver that i will purchase new ones (maybe a different brand) for future children, but i really expected more than 6 months of use out of these.
it is much easier for those middle of the night diaper mishaps, to just go in and unsnap the top sheet and put baby back to bed.
i have washed and dried the sheet and had no problems what-so-ever.
this is supposed to save time instead of changing out the sheet, but i found it took just as long to change this as it does to change the actual sheet.
you have to reach all around the crib to do (or undo) all the snaps, which is aggravating and somewhat difficult depending on the placement of your crib.
compared to just lifting up the mattress and quickly pulling off the sheet and putting a new one on, i think this might actually take longer.
yes, scratchy!
i was quite surprised by the rough texture of the top layer of the sheet.
it feels like very cheap, low thread count material, not nearly as soft as most bedsheets.
when my daugher used this sheet, she had a skin rash and started getting a bold spot on the back of her head.
it's possible, of course, that these were unrelated to the sheet.
however, both problems improved substantially when we removed it and put her on a softer, normal bed sheet.also, i agree with another poster that this could be a dangerous product, especially if your baby is older and moves around her crib a lot.
there is no way to tuck the sides under, as with a regular sheet, so a baby could find her way under the sheet and suffocate.
keep in mind, too, that undoing the snaps is very easy--so easy, a baby could do it!
could an older baby pinch or strangle herself in these?my daughter is now six months, and rolls around her crib.
but, there is an upside.
this product is amazingly easy to use.
snap, snap--that's it.
there is no lifting the mattress.
and it is waterproof underneath (unlike a certain zipper sheet, i could name), so in an emergency you don't have to worry about the mattress.
recently, my daughter had a stomach virus, diarrhea everywhere.
to make matters worse, i caught it and was too light-headed to lift a 20lb crib mattress.
this sheet was perfect.
i have never changed the sheet on my daughter's crib.
instead, i have 2 ultimate crib sheets that i alternate between.
i can't tell you how awesome it's been.
in general, they're easier to change than regular crib sheets.
just fold the sheet up to contain the mess, take it to the laundry room, snap the new one on, and you're good to go.i've read reviews that said they didn't like this sheet, but i love it.
you don't need any other mattress pad with it, either.
i've had 2 of the ultimate crib sheets and been using them for 7 months now and i do not like them.
i don't hate them, but i don't like them and will never purchase them again.
the idea is wonderful, but parts of the product are too cheaply made.
within the first washing, some of the snaps were pulled off the sheet (with following the directions to re-snap the sheet before washing).
that was disappointing.
thankfully, it was only 2 snaps and i was still able to make the sheet function.
however, it does take some time to snap the sheet on securely and it isn't very soft or cozy for baby.
i bought mine through babies r us instead of amazon but wanted to contribute a review regarding the product because i shop through amazon much more often.
i wish i had been better informed, i would have gotten the quick zip sheets instead.
the attachments for the snaps are not well made and i would not recommend this product to new moms.
this sheet also does not retain warmth well - even after throwing in the dryer and then putting on crib, it cools quickly and remains cool which may be nice in the summer but not during a winter in south dakota...one more additional note, it does take a very long time for these sheets to dry - an extra dry cycle in the dryer.
not handy or helpful.
i played the game of frustration everytime i had to change a crib sheet......which became much more often after more blow outs and spitting up began!
i knew i wanted to keep the bumper and searched the internet to find a solution.
this was the first recommendation to pop up with rave reviews!
changing sheets is a breeze!
they stay one very well too.
i liked it so much i ordered another to have as back up.
i was able to find the original sheet at a local store, but paid more for it than on amazon.
i thought i would receive the same sheet - but instead received the new design.
i don't like the new design nearly as much as the original.
it bunches up and doesn't snap at the ends like the original.
not sure why they went to a poorer design but i wouldn't buy another one unless they added the end snaps.
our slats are too wide and the sheet would not snap around them.
we had to jerryrig the crib by adding plastic hooks that the snaps could fit around.
this won't work for us as baby gets older.
i do like that the sheets are easy to change, clean well and allow you to keep the crib safe without having to add a lot of bedding.
this product works well with the halo sleep sacks.
thank goodness we bought these crib sheets!
i can't see the sheets underneath really well, since it covers the entire top of it, but it keeps it clean and dry.
the top is soft, while the bottom is lined with plastic.
i dont' have to keep washing the crib sheet.
this makes it easier to keep my baby's bed clean.
try to change those sheets on a heavy crib mattress in the middle of the night after your kid has an accident and then try jus changing this pads.
you will never go back!!
so easy to put, so easy to change, maybe not visually appealing but i go for practical not just looks.
best gift for a mom to be, well besides a prenatal massage :)
the summer infant ultimate crib sheet is a very useful product.
it protects the sheet, eliminating the need to change the crib sheet if there is diaper leakage or spitting up.
it goes on and off in seconds - so helpful to a mom, especially in the middle of the night.
it is large enough to cover the whole crib surface.
i like it and would recommend it.
lifesaver for this middle of the might diaper leaks!
it's always a pain to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night, but this makes it so much easier.
i just put it on top of his regular sheet (which is over a waterproof mattress pad).
he occasionally has a diaper leak.
when he does, i simply unsnap the ultimate crib sheet (there are roughly 10 snaps to keep it in place) and let him sleep the rest of the night on his regular sheet.
did not know about these initially when i registered for my first baby.
now having a second baby and ordered three more!
they have made nights when the baby got sick so much easier!
when my newborn was in her co-sleeper, changing wet bedding every morning was no big deal -- but a move to the crib meant a huge daily struggle to disassemble the bumper, manhandle the mattress and strip the sheet and mattress pad, then reverse the whole process after washing and drying.
the ultimate crib sheet is truly that: just undo a few snaps and toss it in the wash.
it's soft and durable, and your expensive bedding and mattress pad stay fresh and dry.
in hindsight, wish i'd had several of these on my registry.
this product was pitched to me as a "must have" by all my mommy friends.
it has been good for us in terms of middle of the night accidents (so we don't have to put a whole new crib sheet on), but there is one major issue with it.
there are always loose straps hanging off or awkward folds in it when we try to strap it down.
we tried over and over again to get it right, but to no avail.
we do not believe this is an issue with our crib as it is a brand new, high quality one.
we finally gave up the idea of strapping the ultimate crib sheet down and now just put it under the regular crib sheet.
this is ok, but then when we do have a late night accident and have to pull off the top sheet we always worry about the ultimate sheet not being strapped down properly.
it's a good idea, but needs to be redesigned to fit current crib railings.
i wouldn't purchase this product again or recommend it to a friend.
i tried this out on my baby's standard size crib, and it fit horribly.
the little loops that hold it down, don't seem safe at all!!!
and they don't keep the sheet secure to the mattress.
i don't know how they're allowed to sell these.
they seem like a major safety hazard to me!!!
total waste of money!!!
seems to fit just fine except that the corner snaps could be longer.
no big deal though as we just do two corners and then go around the first set of bars on the far side.
so the sheet is offset by a couple inches but doesn't appear to have enough slack to become a safety issue.
if our baby does start to try to get under the sheet it doesn't seem like a difficult task to just add our our strap extensions.
we'll probably be buying a few more to allow for more time between laundry runs.
they are awesome especially when kids have runny noses etc.
it saves me from having to change the crib sheet.
the only downside is you can't see the pretty design on the crib sheet but for me that is really no big deal.
he is 3.5 years old and we are trying to potty train him through the night.
it's nice not to have to wash an entire sheet and mattress pad every time he has a small accident.
it has never leaked and it's been washed many times and still retains its waterproof quality.
the only reason i took off one star is because it's a little stiff and he was resistant to having it on his bed at first.
rarely my crazy sleeper will roll to a part of the bed thats not covered and pee but usually this pad protects the sheets and saves me from having to change all the sheets.
but it makes you sweaty when you sleep on it.
i like the idea of this product but it wasn't as much of a help as i thought it would be.
accidents happen with little kids, this is a really easy way to make sure the bed is kept clean and dry especially if you have a loft or bunk bed you don't want to climb up to, to tear apart.
the method that i used for potty training had me completely throw away the diapers and didn't allow for pull ups.
(it worked well!)
about a month after we started my daughter had a string of accidents at night out of the blue.
i was constantly changing sheets and was tired of it, that is when i found this.
i wish i had known about this when i first started potty training (for nap time and bedtime).
it is also relatively small to pack if you are traveling somewhere and you are afraid of your child wetting the bed this is great for that too.
i now have this off of her bed again, but i can't say enough good stuff about this product.
have 5 of them now as we braved no diapers at night early on.
it does exactly what it is supposed to do, without problems of any kind.
and my kids don't really even know it is there.
it's also good for the time before that just in case there are leaks.
it's very absorptive and easy to put on and take off.
i bought this at a discounted price and that is the only reason i am not returning it.
the annoying part is that the top of the pad won't stay put.
it continually rolls up and then my son is sleep with a big crease across his chest and tummy....which is not very comfortable.
i wish i had waited and purchased the brolly sheet instead of buying this one...even with the cheap price.
if your child moves around in the bed and you don't have this positioned exactly where they are they will miss.
and it doesn't secure to the bed that well.
i would look for something bigger and something that fits the entire bed, not just a small section.
!00% would not recommend it.
this has saved us a lot of sheet washing.
considering the disposable pads run about $1 a piece, this quickly paid for itself.
i am considering getting another.
i absolutely love the handy's plus pad.
my 4-year old has slept in a full-size bed since he turned 2.
these pads really work (no leaks!
i only have 2 complaints ... 1. the side-flaps aren't quite long enough to fully tuck under if you have a pillow-top mattress (although you can make it work if one side of the bed is against the wall and you pull the opposite side really tight)  and  2. the top and bottom of the pad tend to "curl up" after several washings.
the reason that i own 5 of these is that, if you truly want "full" coverage on the bed for a child that rolls all over while sleeping, you need to use 2 with some slight overlap (so, 2 to use and 2 for back-up).
the full-size fully covers the full-length of the sofa.
i think this is a "must have" product for parents of toddlers that don't want to be constantly changing bed sheets or trying to "wash" a children's sofa that really isn't meant to be washed.
(fyi ...
if you like basic comfort's ultimate crib sheet, then you'll also like their handy's plus pad.
the handy's plus pad is basically the ultimate crib sheet with side flaps and without the snaps.
in fact, the pad portion of the handy's plus pad - full size is almost the same size as the ultimate crib sheet.)
i got this because it used regular trash bags and you don't have to worry about a huge long twisted snaky thing unraveling when you take it to the trash.
i've been using it almost a year.
i do use those cheap bowl fresh toilet deodorizers instead of ordering the disks.
i clip the hanger off and break it in half (while it's still in the plastic) and add half or both, just depends.
the deodorizers last about 1-2 months and it's cheap!
i empty it about every 3 days and spray it down w/ lysol before adding another bag.
not had any stinky problems and this is in my hallway right by the familyroom.
i do take it outside every month and give it a good cleaning w/ bleach and a garden hose.
this is an okay diaper pail for the money.
it doesn't totally eliminate the smell and the bags are hard to change.
i don't even try any more to 'twist' the bag, i just take the lid off.
if this is all you can afford, it's not that bad.
excuse me,...but this product is so far from being odorless.
at first, it was (maybe a little less than a month), odorless then after that,...there was nothing to get rid of the scent.
i even bought some odor discs but they didn't work either.
the only convenient thing about this is that you can put whatever garbage bag you want in it and even then, the bag can hold many diapers.
my husband and i picked out this diaper pail when i was pregnant with my son because friends told us to get one that uses regular garbage bags.
that turned out to be the only perk of this diaper pail.
the springs have been popping off since about the first month.
my son is now 10 months old and recently one of the springs broke, which completely gets rid of the supposed &quot;odor-free&quot; feature (which i found wasn't exactly true either).
now that we are expecting baby #2 i am going to have to buy another diaper pail to replace this one.
my advice: don't waste your money.
it's just as efficient to throw your diapers in a regular trash can.
yes, my spring broke as well... but looking on the brighter side: when my son is old enough to walk he won't be able to accidently press the spring button to release the pail cover... it's kind of an unexpected safety feature!
really, diapers will stink no matter what pail you use....
the covered pail is cheap and doesn't require buying refill bags (especially since we use cloth diapers).
the advantage is that this pail doesn't require any special bags.
we change out the bag twice a week.
you save a lot of money if you get sheap bags at dollar tree or big lots (works out to about 10-cents a bag).
it does get stinky sometimes, but all garbage pails do and every child has an extra stinky diaper occasionally.
roll with it and save money when and where you can.
i've been using this pail for 2 months with my breastfed baby.
it contains all of the odor from his moderatly stinky diapers.
it doesn't work exactly like it's supposed to, the blue dome is supposed to push the diaper into the pail but the diaper usually gets stuck and i have to push it through but that's no big deal.
when i'm changing the garbage bag the lid won't stay open and it falls hitting my hands, it's really annoying.
initially my husband and i decided not to purchase a diaper pail because we wondered what was the point, diapers stink and no matter how much money one spends on a diaper pail it's going to emit odors and smell bad.
then, when we were changing diapers ten times a day we decided it would probably be easier to have one, especially for the middle of the night diaper changes.
we took that advice and selected the safety 1st diaper pail and we are pleased with the product.
odor-less - no.
we empty it as needed, usually once a week, and realize it's a diaper pail - just as our garbage pail in the kitchen needs to be emptied daily someday so will the diaper pail.
i place an aroma jell in the little basket which helps with the odor.
holds approximately 8 soiled briefs with virtually no smell emitted (except when adding more to pail).
i wish it held more but i'm so happy to have something that helps with this &quot;unmentionable&quot; problem that i really am not concerned by the small-ish volume.
i really like this diaper pail.
it helps with odor control, but is certainly not odorless.
as if anything can disguise the odor of a poopy diaper.
there are just too many diapers to not have one and an open garbage can or even a regular one is just too stinky.
it has a nice little compartment for odor disks to help manage odor.
it can be a bit of a hassle to empty and reload, but it only needs changing about every two days and since it fits regular kitchen bags, it is worth the money.
it isn't very expensive to begin with.
what a waste of money and more importantly my time!this thing does not work well at al!!
i can't fit a larger cable through it.
so i had to buy a power strip but the power strip is too thick and won't work.
so this ended up in the garbage.
bought this to keep my toddler from unplugging some important plugs (ie: tv, chest freezer, etc) it works very well and is extremely secure.
i actually have a very tough time getting into this.
the narrowness makes this not work for adapters or thick cords.
i had a hard time getting my thicker cords through (the surge protector and chest freezer cord).
i actually broke the bottom section that separates for two cords off so the larger cords would go in more easily.
when i did this i was actually only able to put one cord per cover.
recommend this just for thin plugs, no adapters.
good buy for the price.
my little guy is very active and loves to get into trouble.
we only have a couple items plugged into an outlet that isn't covered by furniture so i purchased these to make sure he couldn't pull the plug out of the wall and get shocked.
they are wonderful and i feel much safer letting my little guy explore the house.
even though i am never too far away our let him out of sight he still manages to get into things.
he is so fast and just a little distraction could be fatal.
but i don't have to worry about the plugs anymore!
they are sort of hard to get open when installing them.
there is no way my son will be able to open them....he's tried!
haha.
only problem is, it doesn't prevent him from pulling on the wires.
the plastic side pieces are part of the back part, made of stiff plastic and extremely difficult to squeeze.
this outlet cover also did not fit one of my outlets (it would not stay flush to the wall).
these outlet covers do just what they are supposed to.
i'm not at all concerned about my little ones being able to bust into them...they are hard enough for adults to disconnect!
i wasn't sure about the quality of a safety 1st product (seems to be hit or miss with this company), but i was pleasantly surprised by the integrity of these covers.
unfortunately you cannot tell from the picture, but this product is not well designed.
anything like a power strip, laptop cord, etc, will not even be able to be plugged in because the casing blocks it.
in addition, the slot to feed the cord through to exit the device is also very small and fits almost none of the electronics in my house.
these are fine for standard, thin power cords.
we have had one in place that the kids have never dislodged despite two years of trying.
but they will not close over the heavy, thick cords like those for microwaves, computers, or power bars.
we finally ended up attaching ours to the wall with duct tape to cover those cords.i am giving this three stars because it does work fairly well for thin cords, and because i have yet to see anything better out there.
my advice?
this things install quickly and easily if you're running standard cords (for lamps, etc.)
though the holes.
i ended up trimming the gap so it was larger on the backside plate and that did the trick.i think the ones i got are more than difficult enough to keep my son from opening them.
i'd consider them on the fence for an outlet that i'd want access to all the time, and someone with arthritis would probably want to stay away.
i had a couple major issues with this outlet cover.#1: the screw that probably is in your existing wall outlet covers is not long enough to accommodate this outlet cover.
they made it much thicker than the outlet cover it replaces so for me, i need to go purchase a handful of screws.#2: box is not big enough to accommodate anything except basic, small, two-prong plugs.
so what won't fit?
well crap... what appliance plugs did fit, you ask?
a lamp.
just one lamp.
oh, and the electric toothbrushes.useless, sending them back.
after you put it on the wall, it's really hard to remove.
another con is the cover is too small, that i cannot put anything other than a stand lamp in it.
the slots for the cords on the bottom of the cover are too small.
i wanted to be able to thread the powerstrip's cord up into that--but this is meant for thin wires like a lamp or something-- not a thick wire.
also, it wouldn't cover the box of the cell phone charger, either.
this is for very basic wires and plugs.
these are designed to cover plugs you leave plugged in, such as lamps or alarm clocks, so keep kids from pulling on the plugs/cords and damaging them or injuring themselves.
and that's exactly what they do.
they're also very easy to install with a simple screwdriver.many of the negative reviews here complain either it is too hard to open (which is completely the point) or that it only holds "small" (aka standard) plugs, which should be obvious from the description and picture, so they're not really being fair.
i feel everything of my children's has an oversize plug that goes in the wall.
have yet found anything to use it for.
this thing works but it's very tricky getting off.
if you work it a little you figure out how it will just pop off.
don't get discouraged like i did.
does not fit a bulky box plug in head only standard ones like a lamp.
great to keep kids away from plugs, but it prevents me from using the plugs as well.
i have 18 month old twins, and an older child with cerebral palsey, she has a hospital bed downstairs where we all get together during the day and evening and the babies are always getting into the cords, pulling them out of the wall, came on amazon (found this) and it goes over even the thick cords for the hospital bed (3 prong) so it is well worth the money as the babies have now completely given up on the cords :)
my 2 year old hasn't been able to figure them out yet, so naturally, we're sold!
he pretty much ignores them now.
yay!
these were a complete hassle to pry apart just to install them.
my mom and i each held a side and pulled, but nothing.
i finally had to shove in the latches as far as i could to get them apart.
since that seems to be the only way to take the cover off, i had to leave the latches pushed in, defeating the purpose of keeping kids from pulling them off.
definitley something i would use as a permanent fixture.
it's too much of a hassle to take it off every time you need to plug something in.
i plugged in what i needed to and have not intention of switching them up.
i attempted to pop this thing open for about 20 minutes then gave up.
yes, it's childproof, but also adultproof too which is not convenient at all.
it also doesn't fit all outlets.
i ended up getting the safety 1st covers because they don't have the sides that have to go into the wall, instead they protrude out.
this thing is so hard to get off that neither you nor your children will ever get to your outlets again.
this is not a product you should buy if you want to use your outlets once in a while.
it took me 15 minutes to pry it open.
what a pain to to remove the cover and does not fit some plug types.
only the smallest plugs will work like lamp plugs not not thick cords like computer plugs.
xbox, ps4, etc are out of of the question.
you can replace computer cables with thinner, lower grade cables to get around this.
i gave this product 4/5 stars for a couple reasons:pros - mostly keeps fingers away from the plugs and sockets but only because they can't reach the sockets with little fingers, durable, hard for a child to take apart, completely kept our first son away.cons - harder for an adult to quickly put together and take apart, doesn't keep little extremely curious fingers out of the top hole area (though they can't reach the part that would shock them), and doesn't stop our son from unplugging the cord since there is space for the cord to be pulled upward so that the plug comes out of the socket.
i got two for my apt.
my kids are no longer turning the lights out or pulling cords.
i love this thing.
i would highly recommend.
the only other cover i could find wouldn't fit my power strip so i ordered this one.
it seems sturdy and does fit fine, but the opening is way too big.
my 8 month old could definatly fit at least a few fingers all the way in and touch the plug in no problem because i could.
i decided to keep it and put clear packing tape around the opening.
they are as shown, and work great so that kids can't pull out the many cords that we all use easily!
i would recommend it to anyone with young tots!
i returned this product due to the several reasons:-  it is too bulky- i ended up pinching my finger while installing it ( do not want my child to do it since he will be trying to figure out how to open it)
i tried to use this power strip cover for about 2 months when our twin daughters were 8-10 months old.
it was frustrating for my husband & i -- hard to get the power strip inside, hard to keep things plugged in, and too big to hide out of the babies view (not to mention that it's bulky and a bit ugly).
for the babies, it became yet another interesting thing around the house that we had to wrestle from their hands.
they were able to unplug the cords easily and were starting to reach their fingers into the top hole when i finally gave up on using it.
it was just too annoying to keep using the cover.
i love this product it keeps my son safe.
it has been great to have especially now for all the christmas lights we have going on.
so it does protect her from being electified, but she can still unplug the tv lol
this cover was alright, the hole does seem a bit large and it wasn't quite long enough for our biggest power strip, but i have yet to find a cover that is, so i can't dock any stars for that
this power strip cover is meant to be a baby-safe product, but even though i do like it and it leaves enough space for even thick cords and wide plugs, my daughter can stick her hand right down in there.
that fact pretty much defeats the purpose of even having the cover.
but it does at least make the whole thing look less appealing to her, so she doesn't bother it too much.
but the slot really should be narrower.
i ordered this some time ago.
i finally started using it last week.
it was very difficult to figure out how to use.
but, once i ready the instructions a few times i got it.
my 8 month old loves all electric cords.
i needed something to protect her.
for the past week this has been working.only one side of it can i get a big 3 prong plug into it.
i only need 2 openings to get in and out of so it hasn't presented itself as a major problem yet.
i would purchase another one of these.
there is a hole on the side for the power strip to plug into the outlet and a wide opening on top for it to connect to the devices plugged into it.
it is really easy to put together- just snap shut in 3 places.
they do their job well.i have not tried to wall mount.
really?
how could this possibly be useful?
i saw somebody else post that the baby's hand can fit inside and i thought they were exaggerating.
really, i can reach my fingers in easily or poke a metal object through even easier.
the baby's whole hand fits through the giant gap.
like almost as big as a shoe box.
and really ugly.
i don't know what we'll replace it with since the others don't sound better, but i know there is no point in decorating my living room with baby proofing for show.
there's no way i could leave baby in there with this while i was out of the room, so i might as well just leave the cords as is.
wish i had one of these growing up and could have prevented a lot of nights being sent to my room without dinner.
but it has two big minuses:1.
its height.
the wires can bend but this is about 1 inch higher than the plugs, so if you want this to go under a piece of furniture you may want to consider whether it fits under or not.
it barely fits under our chest.2.
the real issue: the width of the slot through which the cables come out.
my toddler's hand and a portion of his arm fit through the slot perfectly, so he can reach the outlets and the switch of the power cord.
we just hope, at this point, that it will be a further discouragement--and since the piece is all but wedged under the chest, we will get to him before he can pull the thing close enough to stick his little hand in.
hopefully we'll find something better soon.you can presumably use it by covering every unused outlet in the cord with outlet covers.
although the toddler will be able to reach in, he will probably not have the strength or dexterity to pull out the outlet covers while his hand movements are limited by this shell.
this, of course, would not stop him/her from turning the switch off--in our case, this means resetting the clock and being without a phone for however long it takes us to notice the deed, among other bothers.in summary: buy it only if you mean to attach it to the wall.
and if you are planning to do the wall, keep in mind that this is pretty big--like attaching a 1l bottle of soda to your wall, only it is a solid, ugly off-white contraption with wires spewing off it.
we used this behind the tv for all the connects and cords.
it's huge.
but, it has to be to fit everything in there.
i'm just grateful someone made something like this to keep our kids safe from electrocution.
we tried the mommy's helper cover but it doesn't shut very securely and doesn't fit some larger plugs.
doesn't fit the strip we have our computer/tv plugs in.
its too small.
my 2 year old never cared about the power cord under my computer (that powers the router), but once she discovered the entire family's reaction to pressing that red button, she sure loved sneaking down there.
this stopped that instantly.
nothing special...it does the job of covering what it is suppose to.
unfortunately it still draws the attention of a 9 month old baby....but nothing gets past them anyway!it is safer to just have no wires/plugs anywhere that babies can see them but if you cant this at least makes it impossible to get to outlets.
this has been a life saver!
it has kept my now 18 month old son out of the plugs and safe and i could not be happier with this product!
it's funny how many people have positively reviewed this.
yes, it's very convenient, easy to use, and fits well.
what it doesn't actually do is effectively cover the plugs!
it's trivial for a small child to fit their entire hand in the rather large opening.
in fact, i just plugged something in without having to remove the cover.
if i can fit my hand in there, so can a child.
and it doesn't even begin to protect against a child sticking a metal object in there.
this product is, in a word, worthless.i recommend getting one of the power strips that has sliding covers on each of the individual outlets, or simply placing standard child-proof covers on the outlets of your existing power strip.
but please don't use this product and think you are adequately protecting your child from shocks.
product is huge covering.
the product was very bulky, i can't imagine using it as it takes up so much room.
the vendor was not a problem.
this cover was enormous and i have an extra long power strip so it didn't completely cover it.
it's a pain to get on and off and the opening for the cords is pretty wide so that my kids can still get their fingers in there to where the outlets are.
this is really more like a &#34;slow them down&#34; as opposed to preventing them from getting in.
i bought and returned the other popular brand of power strip cover because it doesn't fit iphone/imac chargers.
this one does.
and it adjusts lengthwise so you can make it pretty long if you need it to.
some other reviews mention the size of the opening on the top - it's true, it's surprisingly wide, i can usually reach in enough to pull out a plug when i need to, rather than opening the whole thing.
so could your kid conceivably pull one of your plugs out when you don't want him/her to?
sure, but the cover is also tall enough that it would be pretty darn hard for them to stick their fingers down into the open sockets.
bottom line: treat this as a deterrent and not a substitute for knowing when your kid's playing with power cords.
fully straight, single row.
this is was the perfect solution.
it was easy to install and so far my 7 month old can not get into it!
i got this for my son's room and it would be fine except that most kid stuff has larger plugs that do not fit inside (for example for the wipes warmer).
if you are plugging in standard sizes only, it should work great.
we ended up not using it.
easy to use and store away.
seriously, i just got this, and this product is not worth a single penny.
it is too bulky and gets in the way.
even when it is on its smallest setting!
not just that, but there is a large opening at the top for the cords to fit through, but the gap is so big, my kids can still unplug the cords and play with them.
i have two very busy almost two year old twins who were fascinated with the power strip in their playroom.
this cover isn't the most attractive thing, but works.
they cannot reach into it or access anything, (not sure what hole people are talking about), and have left it alone.
would recommend.
this fits over various charger cords though it is bigger than i expected.
i think the slot is a little bigger than it needs to be as i can get my fingers in there.
the biggest plug i have in there right now is a usb phone/tablet charger.
i haven't tried anything with the heavy blocky plugs.
i bought this "neutral" color (off-white) cover (upc 5218110409, model 10409a - i don't know how that differs from model 10409) andmommy's helper power strip safety coverto compare the two.
the slot where the cords for the equipment come out is 5/8"-1" wide and a maximum of 10-3/4" long.
when closed, the hole for the power strip cord is 1-3/8" by 1/2".
holes are provided in the base for wall mounting, but no accessories are provided.to open the thing, you press two tabs on the inner lower cover, then slide off the outer cover, then lift the inner top cover.
i don't like the fact that there is no way to flick the power strip switch without half-disassembling the thing.
buy this from amazon.com!
i believe that this product would prevent a child from tampering with a power strip, but the plastic is quite thin and i was worried as i used it that it would break.
as i was installing it i tried to be very careful as it seemed as though the plastic was quite thin.
it also has the option of hanging it on the wall which i really like.
the things i was not happy about was the quality of the plastic seems flimsy and also if you have to hook it on the last hole due to the size of your power strip it barely stays together.
for our longest strip we had to duct tape around the entire device to make sure it stays together.
other than that it's a decent little contraption that does its job.
its a great product especially if you have mobile kids, babies or toddlers.
so far this has worked well for us.
it's not pretty but it is effective.
i couldn't get this to cover my living room power strip for my electronics because it wasn't quite long enough.
also, i like that it doesn't matter how big the plugs are that you have in the power strip, it holds them (those large converter plugs that won't fit is so many child proof products fit fine in this one.my child is 10 months and hasn't messed with these yet, so i can't say how they will hold up with a larger toddler.
however, i was concerned she'd try to put her hand in the slot that cords come out of and that hasn't happened yet.
you still have to manage how the cords coming out of this cover are child-proofed.
there is some space to roll up excess slack and stuff it into the cover.
to bulky, not what i expected or needed.
needless to say i gave it to a family member that could use it in a different area.
would not buy again.
this product not only makes the powerstip safe for kids, but it also allow your chords to be in a neat casing and not all over the floor.
this powerstrip cover is pointless.
any child can get their hand in it and get shocked.
this is a little bigger than i thought it was gonna be, but it does the trick.
it's big enough to hold my my chargers for phone, bluetooth, ect.
i did knock off one star due to the hole where the cords come out of is juts a little too big.
this product prevents her from unplugging my electronic devices, from trying to plug things into the power strip, and from flipping the power strip into the off position.
it keeps my child and my electronics safe!my only critique of this item is that it seems a bit flimsy when fully extended.
in an effort to avoid this scenario, i have placed the product placed far enough under my entertainment center that my child would really have to reach to get to it, so the level of concentration that it would take her to both reach for the power strip and open the cover is beyond what she is capable of doing.i am still satsified with this product despite its weakness when fully extended, however, because when i placed the bare power strip in the exact same location, my daughter had no problem both reaching for the power strip and flicking it into the off position.
furthermore, seeing all those cords, outlets, and plugs motivated her to move the power strip to where she could reach it better and within a matter of moments, she would happily turning it on and off, unplugging things, and trying to "plug" foreign objects into it.
so another thing this product succeeds in doing is making the power strip less attractive for her by covering up all the things she likes most about them- buttons, plug ins, and outlets.if this device were more readily accessible (ie: out in the open) i think my daughter would have no problem figuring out how to open it and thus rendering it useless.
it might not have the same problem with a smaller power strip because the product wouldn't need to be fully extended.
these are a great idea but didn't work for me.
our cords are thick and long and wouldn't fit inside the box.
they do the job.
many kids have been able to remove safety devices in less than 30 seconds.
it takes less than 5 minutes for a parent to leave the room to get something and return to find their child hanging from the cords...dead!!!
it is safer to spend the money and go cordless!!!
go to parents for window blind safety (pfwbs) website and read all the testimonials of kids who died or were severely injured by blind cords.
watch the videos they have of kids bypassing or breaking safety devices on cords in less than 30 seconds.
there is no perfect solution to window blind cords, but i think these do well.
i actually used this kind years ago for pets.
what is important is that they put the cord high above a child's reach.
i just ordered many more for the rest of the windows.
however, for the kid's room we have the kind that is screwed into to the wall and wraps the cord around, so there is no chance of these plastic parts falling.
we have busy almost-two year old twins who are fascinated with the many window blinds in our house.
i didn't want to spend a fortune, but needed a quick fix.
these did the trick, easy to install, and keep the cords just out of their reach.
they do pop off from time to time, but are easily replaced.
i've purchased several different brands, and they are all about the same.
i wouldn't spend extra money on ones that claim to do better than this type.
i left a room for 30 seconds and came back to see that my son had pulled the cord down and had it wrapped around his neck.
although these do pop open easily, they most definitely did not pop open from the pressure of a child's neck which i find to be a serious design flaw.
from a company named safety 1st - back to the drawing board on these!
this product is useless.
after installed, i could still open the oven door with my pinky finger.
the directions were also unclear and the picture doesn't match the product.
this device keeps the oven shut despite my toddler hanging off the oven handle (fortunately, phew!).
i tried a different lock prior to this one, which i returned as the lock kept flopping down inside the oven whenever open.
this one does not have that problem.
i was kinda exceptional when i saw it and the the adhesive pad idea wasn't  that appealing to me for your oven door, but i gotta tell, it works and it works surprisingly good ..
also, it comes unlocked too easily if you can manage to get it to stick to the oven.
it's pretty hard to find a great oven lock.
this one had terrible reviews, but was the kind we needed for our new oven (a side lock).
we've been using it for 9 months, and my toddler (who is now almost 2) seems quite safe.
she's pulled on the handle of the oven a few times (and we've told her "no", which she seems to accept most of the time) and the lock has stayed put.
she's tried to operate the lock a few times, and has not been successful at that either.
i can see a toddler who is very interested in the lock being able to figure it out, but she has been easily diverted from it.it's held up great, and i don't find it too cumbersome to lock/unlock it whenever i use the oven (which is pretty often - i cook a lot).
it does what it is supposed to and the adhesive seems to be working extremely well.
it was hard to attach at first because there are three pieces and with only two hands it's hard to hold all the pieces where they need to go.
it doesn't get too hot to touch when the oven is on, which is great so that i can have it locked while i'm cooking and then unlock it without getting burned to take the food out.
does what it is supposed to.
basic and easy too use and little ones can't figure it out.
my 15 month old daughter was able to pull this thing apart with little effort.
i would not recommend it.
my husband yanked hard enough on the oven door to pop this off.
i don't think a baby or toddler could have managed it, though.
i do not reccomend this product at all!
it did not stick well, and my 11 mo old daughter popped it off the first time she pulled on the oven door!
these locks took some time to install, however when you follow the instructions it goes very smoothly.
plus, after my daughter has outgrown the need for cabinet locks i can put them in their inactive mode.
this is great because when we have future company we can reactivate them and the home is childproof again.
just be careful on cheap cabinets because you can drill through the entire door!
i love these things!
they work great and i love that you can't see them or my child can not get his fingers stuck in anything!
they took about 30 minutes to install and they are amazing!
they were featured on hgtv to baby-proof your house which is how i found out about them in the first place.
you have to not only have the key to open the door, you have to know how to manipulate it to open.
if you have chemicals that you have store within a child's reach, there is no other better way than this lock to make sure that child is safe.
i feel very blessed that i found out these locks exist because my little one is extremely curious and figures out everything!
trust me, you won't be disappointed.
regarding the installation, my husband is not a handyman - he's a musician and if he can figure it out, so can just about anyone else.
buy them!
not the easiest to install and they may take a little getting used to, but so worth it!
they are really secure and do not interfere with the appearance of your cabinets.
would recommend in a heartbeat!
it's been sitting on my kitchen counter for about a month, and god knows when i will get to it.
i read the directions twice then installed taking less than 15 minutes and i am pretty clueless with putting things together.
one thing that should be changed is it says on the outside that a drill should be used but the directions says not to use a drill.
the screws are small so a drill would be pointless.
i like that it comes with paper guides so you only screww once and it is where it needs to be the first time instead of trial and error making many holes in cabinet.
we tried several different methods of keeping her out of the cabinet doors.
i could spend several minutes rigging up what i thought would be a kid-proof barrier, only to have my daughter get into the cabinets within minutes.i found the tot loks one day when we were looking at child proof products, and boy, do i wish we had found them sooner.
these things are great.
after a lengthy install process - my hubby is a do-it-yourself handyman type and it still took awhile to install - our daughter can no longer get into the cabinets.i would highly recommend these to anyone who needs to keep kiddos (or even pets) out of cabinets.
just don't lose the "key" or lock it inside the cabinet!
i've tried other brands without success.. my kids always figure a way to get in.
i never have an issue opening the doors.
i don't think i'd ever want to change after having such a positive experience.
i would definitely recommend this to a friend or family member, without hesitation!
the only tricky part was installing them b/c if you don't drill far enough, the magents won't line up when you use the key on the other side and it won't work.
i would recommend these b/c they work and with the key...they're almost even adult proof.
as with everything about being a parent, locks are more complicated than you'd have thought (or would like!
):screw-mounted magnetic locks:  the safety 1st tot-lok locks can be difficult to install, especially on drawers, but have more flexibility about where you can install the lock than the adhesive locks and seem very secure.
so you might not get around to installing them, given all the other demands on your time.- requires drilling a hole partway through the cabinet door from the inside for the magnetic part, plus some small holes to attach- may require some new tools - a collar lock, to keep from drilling through the door; and a right angle chuck for tight spacesif you plan to be in your home for a while, and want a finished, secure set of locks, the tot loks may be a good choice.one note, if you use them often the magnetic key will wear the finish where it rubs.adhesive mount magnetic locks: the kidco adhesive mount magnet locks will only work in some spots, but it's still a good lock to try first, for a lot of people, because it works well (in the right situations) and is easy to install.
buy some and see how they work on your cabinets.
once you've tried a few, it's a lot easier to see where'll they'll work or won't work.pros:+ quick to install, after a few minutes of figuring it out+ no drilling required, so less work and no damage to furniture or cabinetscons:- only installs horizontally (along the top edge of a door or drawer), given the way they use gravity to lock.we just use the adhesive mount, no additional screws, for some furniture we didn't want to drill holes into.
they seem to be strong enough so far, especially since our kids seem to give up trying a door after a while - if it won't open, they lose interest.
i don't know how the adhesive would stand up to long term use or really heavy pulling.hook locks:  the advantage that either of the magnetic locks has over the old fashioned hook type (like themommy's helper safe-lok cabinet door and drawer lock) is that the hooks have a lot more play (they have to open a little bit to give you access to the lock).
so a child can bang them back and forth - they might not open the door or drawer, but they will make a racket.
maybe ok in some situations, but not a great solution for easily accessible drawers or doors.slide locks:  slide locks (such as theamerican red cross cabinet safety slide lock) are very quick and easy to install, if they fit.
but they can also be pretty easy for some kids to unlock, so if they are within reach they aren't much of a barrier to older kids.
and even younger kids can sometimes open them by pulling or pushing on the doors.
however, they are a good temporary solution and can be useful to carry when you travel.flex locks:  flex locks (like the safety first cabinet flex-lock (see reviews) orcabinet flex-lock 2-pack) are strong and easy to install, and you can see by looking at them whether the lock is secure (unlike the magnetic locks, which are designed to be out of sight).
so you might want to use them for critical spots such as under the sink; or use them when you travel.
;-)  (they do take two hands to open.)
not attractive, but they do the job if you keep them tightened.
not toddler proof!
another reviewer suggested two keys.
we only have one and are going to purchase another.
small price to pay for security.
the thing i like about these is that if your little one is out of the house for the day, or they outgrow them, meaning they are old enough to be safe around knives and such, you can fix them where they don't require the key!
one drawback: if you have a double-wide or single-wide mobile home, you will have to do some modifications to your drawers to get them to work.
my husband spent an entire evening working on three drawers due to the modifications needing to be made for them to work correctly for our drawers.
also, a small price to pay for the security of my little angel.
do yourself a favor and invest a little money and get these latches!!!!
this product is great.
it's not super easy to install (each lock requires 6 screws plus one hole in the door).
each door took me 5 to 10 minutes.
in less than 1 hour i was able to unpack, read instructions, plan, get my tools, and have it done in 4 doors.
i think it won't work with hollow doors or maybe doors that are too thick but mine were pretty standard.i love how it's hidden and pretty sturdy due to having a bunch of screws holding it.
i feel bad that some people have had such a poor experience with this lock.
we on the other hand love these locks.
i am just about to get a second set because we have a new crawler and i want to put them on the bathroom cabinets.
they are a bit expensive but you will never need to buy locks again.
we have never split a cabinet and we don't think it takes that much longer to install then any other cabinet locks.
you will have to drill in you cupboard doors but your little one(s) will be protected.
it leaves no room for fingers to get pinched either.
we like to keep our lock on the metal frame by the kitchen window above the sink.
good luck whatever you decide.
they were easy to install, and he can't get the doors open at all, so no pinched fingers or getting at something he shouldn't.
they also have a mechanism to keep the lock in the open position, like if you need to get in a cabinet a lot, or the kids are older and you don't need them anymore.
i would however recommend keeping an extra key around in case one gets lost, or locked in a cabinet by accident.
this is simply a great product.
it is installed inside the cabinet so there is nothing to see from the front.
they open easily when the magnet is put near (don't even need to touch the cabinet door).
they are also pretty strong - our 3 1/2 year old pulls and tries to open sometimes and has not broken or pulled open any drawer.note - the old version needed a drill to make a small hole on the lock which sits inside the door, but the newer ones like this no longer require that hole to be made.
these work better and are easier to install - just need a screwdriver and a few minutes.
when they don't work, it really stinks.
there was no rhyme or reason to it.
we attached them in several locations and half the time the product worked perfectly and i am very satisfied but for no clear reason in some cases they would not work (or would only work on one of two cabinet doors on the same item!)
so kind of unreliable.
the directions are all but useless, so it was kind of trial and error.
my husband had to drill and redrill a couple of times to get the lock in the right place so that it would work.i would recommend these locks only for cabinets/drawers where there are dangerous/harmful goods inside.
it's worth it for those.
this was a product that i used when i worked in child care and i always liked the fact that it is &#34;invisible&#34; and is not an obvious eye-sore on your cabinets.
but when i tried to install on my sink cabinet, one side worked like a charm and the other side just won't work.
i can find no discernible reason for this and it is very frustrating.
the two parts line up fine, but they won't latch.
and the two cabinet sides were installed what seems like identically to me, but apparently not.
in my opinion, it shouldn't be this difficult to make accurate measurements to ensure that the product will work.
it might just be my cabinets, but they are not anything crazy or out of the ordinary.
i am frustrated that i will have to drill more holes into my cabinet and there is no guarantee that it will work!
this product is a great concept, but it has a critical flaw for me.
the whole idea that i need to drill a big hole inside each cabinet door or drawer is a non starter.
i mean, why would you spend money on a nice kitchen only to drill holes inside doors and drawers?
hello?
baby will grow up eventually so the locks are not needed.
what about those holes?
it is cute that the manual says "do not drill through the door," hugh?
why would i want to even have a drill near my cabinet doors?
also, what happens if say the door cracks while i drill?
who pays for that?
i know the answer to that one -> me!
soooo....product is going back.
non-starter
we installed these to keep the kids out of the knife drawers.
they worked well at first but had a learning curve.
visitors to the house found it impossible to work, because we had to have the magnet positioned just so.
that is actually a good safety feature, because the kids know the magnet opens the drawers and would attempt to open the drawers when they get their hands on the magnet.as far as keeping the kids out, it worked well.
i'd say it's been in our drawer for about six years.
we no longer use it and it hasn't worked well for about a year or so.
the magnet no longer unlatches the lock and we can't get into the drawer.this is a good lock, but require the willingness to drill into the woodwork of your cabinets.
it takes work for people to learn.
i think it should have lasted longer than five years, but maybe that's all most people need.
4 stars for the fact that it does what it's designed to do but not 5 stars, because it has issues.
this sounded good in theory, but didn't work at all.
it was a waste of money for our cabinets.
it may work if you have the thinner particle board cabinets, but it definitely didn't work through our solid wood cabinets.
i really like the fact that they can be unlocked for long periods of time, so when i am working in the kitchen i can leave them unlocked and then quickly lock them again.
they are really not hard to install, i watched a video on you tube that showed how to install them and then went and did it.i am going to recommend these to people i know.
i really think they would be great for grandparents or anyone who has young kids visiting often because you can turn them off when the kids are not there, most other child locks do not have that feature.
just wanted to let new moms know what i have learned.
i really love this set of clippers.
after trying many different brands and styles - this is the one that we love.
the blades are dull enough that they do not clip skin but sharp enough to cut sharp little nails.
my baby's grow quickly so these clippers are used often.
hands down my favorite clippers - perfect on the pocketbook too!
if i was not in a well lit room and paying close attention, my 7 week old could have gotten seriously hurt.
to add salt to the wound,  i tried to return the item and i got two separate emails from the seller.
the first email asked me to describe the defect.
i responded to the email.
after which, i received a second email asking me to send a picture of the item; seriously!
do you think i am storing the sliver of metal to take a picture of it?
if i described the defect as a sliver of metal, the product would look the same as in the original picture of the item, as a sliver denotes a very small piece, so the seller already has a picture of what the product looks like.
if the seller needed a picture, this should have been requested in the first email, not in a second email.
i shop online because i have limited time.
i do not have time to respond to an email trail for a $3 nail clip.
however, i am so irritated with the product and the seller's response that i decided to write this review.
ordered before baby was born.
now started to cut the nails already.
no brainer, makes it easy to cut my children's nails.doesn't get lost easily.
easy to clean.
these aren't bad.
a little awkward to use the clipper lever - it is very small even for my small hands and tends to slip.
but i'm guessing this is just the case with all baby clippers.
it's fairly easy to see what you're about to clip and you don't need to press very hard to cut the nail.
my handle was green, unlike the white in the photo.
i have used these clippers just once, they did a good job.
i dont love them( not really comfortable to use) but they get the job done.
very nice it's was exactly what i expected.
i will be buying more in the future.
and hard to hold, but this is great, it fits into the palm of my hand and i get my newborn son's nails clipped much easier.
if i could, i would change the material on the grip to a rubbery texture so it wouldn't slide around in my hand at all.
i would recommend this product.
it had a plastic cover over the top of the cutting end of the clipper, similar to this one, but with a plain white handle instead of the cute bumble bee:sassy: bumble bee nail clippers.
it was terrible.
i couldn't see my baby's finger nails at all and it wasn't sharp enough.then i used this safety 1st nail clipper at my mother's house.
it was so much easier to use than the other one.
the handle fits nicely in my hand.
i bought one for myself and it's the only one i'll use now.
these are all you need!
and maybe some reading glasses and good light!
i'm ftm and just used on my 5 days old baby-works perfectly.
neither one worked well.
the larger of the two didn't work at all.
these safety first clippers cut every time.
for those of you who know how difficult it can be to clip a baby's nails, you also know how frustrating it can be to finally get the clipper positioned right and then have it not cut.
aaaaarrrrggghhhh!these work every time.
however, i'm disappointed with them.
i have a hard time grasping them and keeping them in place in my hand.
honestly, i don't just use these for babies.
in fact, it's the nail clipper of choice in the house for all 9 of my kids.
the only thing i would add to them is some type of metal file to clean under the nails... but you can't beat the ease of clipping with these things!
safety 1st makes several nail clippers for babies, including model 49523 (safety 1st hospital's choice steady grip nail clippers); model 49539 (safety 1st complete nail care set) which includes what seems to be clippers similar to model 49523 but with a holder at the back for emery boards; and model 10435 (this one).
first, instead of a small white plastic bulb, the 49523/49539 has a larger white-and-orange or white-and-blue handle that allows you to hold the clippers like a "gun" with your index finger under the blades and your thumb on the lever.
second, the orange or blue part of the 49523/49539 handle is soft and less slippery than the white plastic of this model.
so i recommend purchasing the 49523/49539 instead.
well-made... we have been using ours for over 2 years without problems.
plus, it's not sharp and therefore worthless.- nuby infant nail clipper - not bad in terms of sharpness, but something about the way it's designed makes it really difficult to get at the baby's nails.search ends here, thank goodness!
these nail clippers are dangerous and i threw them out a long time ago.
i tried to trim my 3 month old son's nails, granted he is the fidgeting type.
just as i was about to clip one of his nails, he jerked his hand and i accidentally cut off the tip of his finger.
thankfully it was a shallow wound which healed quickly and did not do any serious damage.
but if i knew how dangerous these clippers were i would never have used them in the first place.instead i use baby nail scissors by same company.
i have used them for over a year and have never had any accidents.
it is gross, he is squirming around.
yuck.
this is so much easier.
you pop it in their mouth, couple of seconds later, you have your temperature.
super convenient!
it is always difficult getting a reading from a thermometer for a sick infant.
with this product, given that the infant would be used to a pacifer, works wonders.
for all of my friends expecting a little one, this is a must.
this thermometer is pretty consistent, but the nipple is too large for young babies.
after my 2 month old gagged on this twice he started refusing his other pacifiers!
it's convenient, but it requires about 3 minutes before a final temperature is reached.
it requires that your baby keep it in his mouth for that long.
i was having a hard time getting frequent readings with the under-arm thermometer and i decided to give this a shot.
it's a great concept.
when my son was sick i replaced his regular pacifier with this one, and simply pressed the button when i (nervous first time mom that i am) needed reassurance.
i found it worked better if the baby used it as a pacifier for awhile before i took his temp, i would get more consistant readings during naptime, and i double checked it with the under-arm when i needed an accurate temp.unfortunately my dog decided it made a good chew toy, so i'm on here today to buy another one.
i think i am going to try another brand to see if i can find one with better accuracyhope i helped!
a much better solution for the money http://www.amazon.com/exergen-temporal-scanner-infrared-thermometer/dp/b0015tizgq/ref=sr_1_2?ie=utf8&qid;=1299867344&sr;=8-2
the nipple on this thing is huge and pretty hard so i don't think it would work for most babies because it would gag them and they probably just wouldn't like it.
i've tried this in my mouth, it isn't comfortable like regular pacifiers at all and it took so long to reach a temperature i took it out of my mouth before it was done, this was over 2 minutes so i don't even know if this thing is accurate at all.my girls were preemies and this was way too big for them.
i've tried to use this thing many different times and my girls always spit it right out, even if i tried to hold it there they would push it out with their tongue, they hate it.
i recommend the vicks rectal thermometer for that.i think companies make products like the pacifier thermometer because as new parents it sounds like a good idea but in reality, they just don't work and i'm sure your dr will tell you the same thing.
i bought this when i was pregnant because i thought it would be a brilliant way to measure a babys temperature but i was wrong... as a new mom i was wrong about a number of things... this was one of them.
any baby will identify this as a strange object and spit it out immediately, its too heavy.
especially if the baby is not feeling well.
get a real thermometer.
his leg was all scrunched up, his head fell to one side (unpadded, by the way), and it was hard to fit it over my bathroom sink because it's a small round thing.
anyway, before i had the baby, i bought my husband a bath head cushion (the kind you blow up) from target which he never used (too girly i guess).
it has grooves so baby's head doesn't flop everywhere.
i bath baby in no time and i have the water running because he loves the feel of water streaming down onto his body.
it's perfect.
it isn't as spacious as the tub we use at home, which is a little smaller than most tubs, but it folds up nicely, and it feels very safe and sturdy-not flimsy at all.
i use both tubs in the big bathtub, so leaking isn't a problem for me.
this tub is great for grandma's house, or if space is tight.
i have to place a towel behind her head b/c the hard plastic is at such a sharp angle it's uncomfortable.
also, there is a part where she got her foot stuck and she screamed with pain!
it's way too small.
she's now 4.5 mos and i'm throwing it away b/c she is practically flipping out of it.
this tub has proven very handy.
however, in no time we had it down and i was able to bathe him easily anywhere.
usually we take the bath on his bedroom floor.
i like the portability and the fact that it can fold up and fit under the bathroom counter, since his bathroom is also the guest bathroom.
i also like the little section in the front.
that's where i put the soapy water.
it's easy to rinse him off with a little watering can.
it's getting small.
i will be looking for another bath aid soon, but i'll miss this handy tub.
however:-it does not hold a lot of water, so the water gets cool fast-the cusion is not that soft so i still have to put my hand under my babies headthe good news is:-it folds for easy storage-it has a little area for you to put the bathing items that you use such as some soap, wash cloth, or toys
i bought this tub before my son was born, thinking it looked great and i could use it in the kitchen sink.
i do like that i can use it in the sink, but he's not a super long baby and his little feet always get stuck in the grooves where the tub folds!
it doesn't hold much water, either.
i wish i had read reviews before i bought it, because now, after only 2 months, i'm just going to replace it and throw it away.
what a waste!
i like this tub, it fits in my sink well, it folds up nicely.
the nicu nurse recommended that we line any infant tub with one of those baby bath sponges (ours is yellow and in the shape of a bear).
leaks, pinches and mildew have never been a problem.
we have used this infant tub up until this point and are just now graduating to the big tub.
i chose this tub because it folds up.
however, since we use it every night, i haven't folded it up since week 1.
i do like the tub but find it cumbersome to use.
it does leak through one of the fold-up hinge/gaps if there's too much water in the tub.
also, baby is now nearly 8 weeks old, and already, her feet spill over the end of the seat area.
she's very nearly too big for it and measured 22" at her 6-wk checkup.
i can't see her fitting in the tub much longer.
her feet do get stuck in the gaps between the seat and the side of the tub.
more importantly, for some reason, there are hard plastic corners along either side of the pad where her head is.
she's knocked her head on them several times, and any other time, we spend the whole bath on guard, hoping she doesn't knock it.
i'm also bothered when draining the tub.
i have to turn the tub completely upside-down to ensure that all water has drained.
the more i think about it, the more i think i'd like to try a different tub.
i'd recommend this tub only to those who are seriously crunched for space or who travel often and need a fold-up tub.
i bought another tub initially - a friend told me about this one.
i will stick with this until my daughter outgrows it.
a must have.
i love the fact that it folds up very easily and will fit into a closet when folded.
i have never had a problem with it growing mold or smelling musty.
after the bath i wipe it dry with a towel fold it up and put it in the closet.
i also have a newborn to toddler tub, which is very large and i have nowhere to store it.i have never had a problem with it leaking.
i find this tub to be better than the more expensive ones.
the only problem i have is that my six month old son is too big for this tub, but at $12.99, is that really such a big deal?
i feel i got my moneys worth out of it.
if you are looking for a tub that is safe and easy to store i recommend this one.
my husband and i liked this tub because we could fold it up and put it away in the linen closet.
it does tend to leak at the hinges though causing the water to get cool very quick.
i recommend this to anyone with limited space for an infant tub.
if you are really, really, really hard pressed for space, then maybe this tub is for you... except that you'll only use it for 3 months  because it is so small and then it will sit in storage wasting that valuable space.
as with most tubs, this holds maybe a quart of water, which means, only babies bum is wet, how fun is that.
save space by getting a little bigger tub that will spend more time holding your splashing baby than sitting under your sink: i have the newborn to toddler tub by the first years--my baby is a year old and i still use it (she is petite, but i'm sure anyone can get at least 6-9 months out of it.)
i used this tub after borrowing from a friend because our four stage bath system was so bad it was cutting up my baby's legs.
this was okay - soft all over, no problems like we had with the four stage, however because it folds the hinges tend to leak.
the back is still very slippery despite the nonslip matt.
never have a problem with leaking either.
my mom got this tub for my daughter right after she was born.
we have used it since she was able to take a bath, and she's 4 months old.
i liked that it could be folded, but i never actually put it away unless we have company since i use it daily.
it does leak at the hinges.
since she was born in the winter, i gave her a bath in the bathroom so that i could get it really warm.
it does fit in the kitchen sink though.
she hasn't outgrown it yet, and has plenty of room.
we have the newborn-to-toddler tub with daughter and it's bulky, takes up tons of room and is no different than this one other than it doesn't fold up.
i would much rather have the fold-up than the one we have now.
the first time i used the tub my baby kept slipping around in the tub.
she wound up sideways in it during the entire bath and i never used it again.
i would just as soon put her into the bathtub and put a couple of inches of water into the tub and bathe my baby that way rather than put her into this contraption.
i currently put her on the safer bather (read my review) or put her in the tub alone.
i use it in the big tub and when i am done, i just rinse it and leave it to dry.
when dried, i fold it and put it in the cabinet.
but considering it folds for storage, that was not a big issue.
it's a great tub otherwise.
well, i got it together all right but it is way too big for the bathroom and/or kitchen sink so i had to put it in the big tub from the very beginning.
the sling seemed to work all right when my son was smaller, but now he is 4 months and he loves to kick.
however, that causes him to slide down the sling and it's quite hard where the sling ends, so he ends up with this red mark on his lower back.
also, it just doesn't seem to hold water.
i have read the directions and everything but the water just leaks out.
all in all, i will give this tub another chance once my son gets older and can sit up but if it still leaks, i am getting another one.
i had ordered a different tub for my shower but never received it.
i had my baby so i picked up this tub last week.
however i could not figure out how to use the sling alone for my 1 week old infant.
it appears that you have to hold her head up while in the sling which leaves you with only 1 hand to bathe her with.
i tried to snap it into the tub for the 2nd stage (thinking better support) and i could not get it to fit!much easier to sponge bathe a new baby on a contoured changing pad.
i'm thinking of returning and going for the eurotub.
i'm shocked by all of the other reviews on this particular product.
many complain that it's too small for their sink...hello!!!
it wasn't made for a sink.
i wouldn't want any other one.
it was the most convenient when my son needed to be on the sling =perfect=, and now that he's sitting up,... it's even more convenient.
please ignore the negative reviews and i highly consider buying this product.
it may be the only tub you will buy in you child' early stages.
i haven't had problems with this tub....
once it is completely extended, there is a good seal and it does not leak.i have and will continue to recommend this tub to all my friends.it's accomodating for longer than any tub out there.well worth the money.
i looked everywhere for a tub without all the grooves for baby's body - i wanted something that would submerge nicely from the neck down and this looked like it would do the trick.
unfortunately, it doesn't hold any water to submerge anything than perhaps the feet.
leaks horribly, bulky - we gave up, returned it, and now we just bath with baby.
nothing works better than you own hands on your slippery baby anyway, and you can avoid sore knees from bathroom tile and stiff back from bending over the tub.
i have not had any problems with the tub leaking.
but like i said, we've only used it a handful of times.
i definately don't think this tub is appropriate for small babies.
the tub has absolutely no support for his head or his body.
i wouldn't recommend this tub for small babies.
i hate this tub!!!
it leaks everywhere.
i do not recommend buying this item
we love this tub.
we have been using it since our daughter's first bath.
if you don't pop it together right it will leak.
we leave it set up in the tub when not in use so it's not really taking up any vital space.
our daughter seems to like the sling.
she's four months old now and didn't cry even during her first bath.3/06 - we're now using this tub on child #2.
this child likes it too.
being the excited new mom i opened this to get a feel for it and see how it would fit in our home and almost cut my finger sliding it open!
i was shocked and then thought if i have not even used it and it does this i do not want!
plus if it did this to me then what about when i am washing my child.
and i read all the instructions before attempting to play with it so i could do it correctly.
right back in the box and i drove back to the store the same day....got another brand....
i wrote a review a few months ago but i have to edit it.
i followed all the directions, i was very careful and patient with this tub, i washed it and dried it after each use and still i find things growing in the crevices and between the top and bottom.
the design idea was good but it just isn't practical for a baby tub that will need to be used regularly.
the sling slips out of place all the time and the bath ring isn't worth the extra work it takes to clean it and the little ridges that hold it into the tub.
no matter how hard i work it's impossible to keep this tub clean.
this was terrible.
it leaked all over the place.
finally my husband put silicone all around it which helped.
save your money & buy the cheap $10 one that's one piece.
i registered for this tub because i thought it is very cool and so multi-functional.after the baby was born and passed his stage of dry bath, i found this tub is not very easy to use.
my husband and i coudln't solve the leaking issue.
it also difficult for me to expand or close the tub.the sling is not very good, either.i tried to use this tub for 3 times and returned it.
i got sure comfort deluxe instead.
i think sure comfort deluxe is a much better choice for new born.
it is very easy to put over my sink.
unfortunately, i am not able to find this bathtub anywhere (( my son used to have it 6-7 years ago).
it is the only one bathtub where a baby does not slip forward and doesn't go under water.
i do not understand why it is discontinued.
i do not care if it is leaking.
i did not notice that because it was used in adult bathtub.
if somebody has it, please, i will buy from you.
it's been 5 months aleady and we've had no troubles at all.
it leaked the first time we used it because i didn't snap the locks into place all the way.
my boys are quite big for their age, and they love to kick their legs and splash around.
there is plenty of room for that.
i don't use the sling anymore, but it wasn't a problem when we did.
there are far more things i dislike about it than like.i liked the sling.
i used it alone in the kitchen sink.i disliked the sling in the tub.
i felt it did not fasten securely to the tub and there wasn't enough cushioning for his head and bottom.
my son now sits up on his own but i feel he can slip too easily in this tub.
my son does slide down the sling and i do have to put him back.
but i don't think it's possible for that not to happen because he's so actively moving the whole time.
i've never had a problem with it leaking.
the suction cups do get stuck on very hard and i really have to pull to get it up so much that i pulled one suction cup off last time(it went back on very easily).
but theres a reason they stick so much to keep my son safe.
so i am glad to have this tub and would recommend it over all the others.
the 30% that it does leak, however, is a fiasco.
here's how it happens: once the tub is full expanded and the clips under the side are "clicked" into place (and yes, we did read the instructions) we fill the tub.
once we finish bathing her, we slide the entire unit forward just enough so that the drain hangs over the edge of the sink and let the water drain.
it is at this point that by moving the tub, the suction cups stick to the counter and while moving the tub, it unhooks the clips and out come the waterworks....all over the hardwood floors.
and let me tell you, it isn't easy to remedy this while holding a wet, squirmy baby.
mothers (and fathers) have far better things to do with their time than fiddle with the damn clips and mop up a huge mess.
meanwhile, we're shopping for a different type of tub.
we cuss too much using this one.
i pressed and clicked the correct spot like it said in the directions and yet it still leaks.
this was a problem because i used it on the kitchen counters for the first week.
i had to put towels under it to absorb all the water.
so i moved it upstairs to the bathtub and this way i don't have to worry about all the leaks.
really, who wants a tub that leaks????
my daughter is not yet sitting up on her own and yet she is too long to be reclined comfortably in this tub....so we are in an awkward transition phase.
i wouldn't buy this tub.
i registered for this and got it home and put it together.
it didnt seem to fit together right.
much better.
i like the fact that it's a convertible tub, and i seem to have escaped any kind of leaking problem, but the sling is a pain in the rear.
baby gets playful, kicks his legs, and mom spends half the time repositioning him on the sling (which operates more like a slide), so that he won't slip all the way into the water.
oh well.
it leaks every time i use it.
it's impossible to snap back together if by some miracle you can change the size.
i have to put towels underneath the tub to collect all the water that leaks out of it.
i love the sling, but i am tempted to beat the tub with a hammer just to take out my frustrations with it.
if i could get down on the floor and bathe my son in the big tub with this tub inside, it would probably be easier (but i don't think my knees would appreciate it.
i received this as a gift and didn't check the reviews before using, i should have.
i am currently looking for another solution to this piece of junk.
this tub leaks - i had to put it in my bath tub to use it, which really hurt my back and made me nervous when taking my daughter out of the tub and trying to stand up.
couldnt use it on a kitchen counter unless i wanted everything to get wet.doesnt open and close very easily -  i gave myself more than one bruise (due to pinched skin) when trying to open and close it.
also, by the time your child can sit up in this might as well put them in the big tub..my daughter slipped and slid all over when we tried to sit her up.too short - by the time she was 4 months, she was too long for this tub and would kick the sides.i had regisered for the eurotub, but rec'd this.
preferred the euortub by far!
enough said.
my son is now 11 months old and i have been using this tub since he was 5 weeks old.
in the beginning, we used the infant sling, but my baby would constantly slip down into the water.
we had to put a large bear-shaped foam bath sponge between him and the sling to minimize the slipping, but we still had to readjust him quite frequently.
when he learned to sit on his own, we tried using the bath seat feature.
he would arch his back and slip forward into the bath ring, thus painfully squishing his private parts.
now he twists and turns and won't stay put in the tub.
i have thought about buying a better tub, but since we are so close to graduating him to the big tub, i don't want to spend the money.
please consider buying something different for your baby.
i will not be using this tub for my next child.
my mom bought this for us after she decided that the bath chair we already owned was not good enough.
this has been the best bathtub we could have ever wanted!
our baby didn't really like bath time until he could sit up by himself, and at that point this bath tub became a necessity.
i especially like it because i don't have to worry about him slipping under the water accidentally if i look away for a second to get his towel ready or something.
we had a problem with leaking at first, too, but once we read the instructions and pushed the bottom down securely, we haven't had a problem since.
i was never fond of this even with the first use.
the baby sling never stayed in place and i was constantly adjusting the sling and baby.
when i moved to the bath ring it's plastic edges are sharp and usually scratched him while he moved around.
the only time i was happy with it was once he was old enough to sit in the full tub which is when this isn't needed.
great product for our little one.
the first time we used it i had a hard time locking it but once i got it locked there were no problems.
i like the whole set up especially teh suction cups so it doesnt slide around, the sling to keep the baby laying on an incline is great too the perfect height to keep the baby happy.
it also has a removable bath ring, that she will be using when she can sit on her own.
not sure why this got bad reviews.
there is a slight issue with locking the tub in the expanded position, if you don't snap it in right, it will leak.
we used the product starting at about 8 weeks when our son outgrew the sink but was too tiny for the tub and we stuck this tub right on our countertop for months with no problem.
i was so excited when i recieved this tub thinking it would last for years.
well, first you can not use it in your home bathtub, because the suction cups will not adhere to a non-slip surface.
most tubs are non-slip, that's what the little bumps are for in your tub.
no matter how hard i pressed on the middle "locking" device water always leaked out onto the counter and floor.
this tub is more trouble than it's worth!
i looked at it and thought what a great idea for a tub.
wrong!!
first of all, the tub leaks.
you cannot let go of the baby for one second beacause they will slide.
the sides of the ramp are hard and if they move there head to quickly they could hurt themselves.
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
i found it easy to use and it sticks to the bathtub great, but my two month old is constantly slipping down and i have to keep pulling him back up onto the hammock.
i would buy one that is built with a slanted back and a short basin so baby doesn't have far to slide down.
maybe it will be more helpful as he is older and we don't need the hammock.
this tub was the worst!
talk about making your job harder than it already is!
it leaks, the sling hardly stays in place, it takes up so much space, and you have to use it in the tub anyways.
it is more trouble than it is worth.
i had two different tubs before, and i got this one when my daughter was 5 months old, she's now one year old and still uses it.
granted, i never tried to fold it since those few inches don't seem to make much of a difference storagewise, so i don't know if its difficult to do.
it's been 7  months with this tub, and nothing ever broke, or got worn.
do not waster your money on this tub.
it also leaks from the bottom
i bought this tub without reading any reviews (i research everything before i buy) and this has been the best tub by far!
so far, in my 7 months of motherhood i have been through four tubs (this being the 5th).
i had a little sponge bath when he was first born...i knew it would not work for any extend about of time but it did the trick when we were waiting for his belly buttons stump to fall off.
when he out grew that i bought the safer bather by leachco based on reviews and i was not all that impressed... my little guy got to cold and it just was not that great.
we received the four stage bath system and it was horrible the baby just did not fit in it right.
therefore, i upgraded to the leachco bath ring...once again nothing but disappointment.
i was resolved to washing the baby in the sink, but at 7 months that was just too hard for me to do alone; he was slippery and squirmy just wanting to play!
i happened to be out at toy's r us and they were having a sale so i picked up the tub thinking what the heck lets see if this works.
so far, it has been great.
no leaks, he is very secure (obviously, you stay with them) and it is so simple clean.
i am 5 months pregnant with my second and cannot wait to use the sling with the next baby.
by far this is one of the best baby items i own!
five stars from me!
loved it!then she began to grow & by 5 months of age, she still couldn't sit up, but the tub was way too small.
we registered for this tub, before doing any research.
big mistake.
as a newborn, i used the sling to bathe my son.
as he got bigger, i put the sling into the tub (2nd way of the 4-1 system).
bath time became a pain.
my son kept sliding down, even with one hand on him at all times.
he didn't really seem to enjoy it either.
he fits securely into the reclined side of the tub, with no slipping.
we've had it over a month, i highly recommend the eurobath over this bath tub.
this is the most poorly made baby bath i have ever used.
it is impossible to get folded and unfolded.
when you do get that figured out then you get to deal with the stupid sling.
my baby kept slipping down and her ears would get under water.
she is now to big for the sling, but to small to sit up in the ring.
i gave it a fair try, but i had to go out and buy another bath.
it seems like a great concept, but it is really just a waste of [money].
i used this bath for the first 3 months and it was great when using the sling, but when my son got too big for the sling and was sitting up, we tried the sitting position.
but my son would just slip down and would cry because it was uncomfortable for him.
i would not recommend this bath tub.
there are other tubs with slings that are much better.
this is the worst bath tub i've bought.
i returned this item right away.
it leaks.
once i pulled it out to be longer but, no matter how much i struggled to put the extension back together, it just wouldn't click.
when i pressed it to lock the extension, i couldn't tell whether it locked or not, so then i put water to test the lock system.
the result was that my kitchen counter and floor were a mess.now, i bought the euro bath.
he can't sit on is own yet, so has to lay on the sling.
he loves to kick and splash and doesn't have the room he needs.
he also slips down the sling frequently.
there's got to be something better...
we bought 2 of these, and used them to block off the computer desk from the rest of the family room, and to block off the 7' wide archway between the kitchen and the rest of the house.
at least once a week, my husband or i will catch a toe or scrape a shin stepping over.
so if you intend to use this fence as a corral, either indoors or out, this is a great buy.
if you are planning to use it as a fence to block off a wide opening, pay the extra money for the metal version with the gate.
this play yard fits great in our living room, yet there's plenty of room for him to roll around in all directions.
also, i like that it's see-thru.
you can see  your baby (and he can see you) from across the room.
i don't care that it's not the most attractive thing.
it was affordable and it does the job.
one suggestion i would make to the manufacturer though would be to pad or provide padding around the bottom, about six inches high.
my son falls asleep with his head on the edge all the time (not very comfortable), and when i move him away from it, he wakes up.
it'd be nice to not have to move him.
she loves it and plays well.
it is easy to set up and tear down and takes a matter of seconds.
it is very easy to clean and to transport.
it needs at least enough space to accommodate the thickness when all six panels are folded together.the panels on superyard xt are not very tall and because of this, the gate is good only for toddlers and other kids up to about two years of age.
as children get older, they will be able to climb over the walls of the gate or possibly knock it down, making it impractical as a containment device.
but the shorter height has one clear advantage: it makes it easy for parents because it can be stepped over.
with the limited space, some people may have difficulty fitting even two kids inside the closed walls of the gate.
depending on the number of toys your kids have, one child might be all that will fit.
this is why i strongly recommend purchasing an extension kit.
i brushed it off when i first saw it because it seemed like another useless product with limited use, marketed solely to take our hard earned money.
but now that i own the superyard, i cannot imagine life without this containment device.
this product is a godsend!
i use it on a carpeted area for our 7 month old infant, so she can crawl around to her hearts content and be safe from wall outlets, small objects, etc.
i am also planning on getting an extension, to make her play area even bigger.
my only complaint, and it is minor, is that the gate that opens (so you can get in the 'superyard') is awkward and somewhat difficult to work.
there should be an easier swing open type gate on this thing, so that mommy or daddy can quickly enter and leave the play area.
great product, very study.
i recently purchased this yard when my twins ((now nearly 8 months old)) started to become mobile.i have yet to baby-gate my entire house, but i have super-yard'ed the family room!
i have it shaped as a square, and have those alphabet puzzle peice foam squares inside, to protect my carpet.
the boys enjoy being able to actually see through the holes, and be able to play with many of their toys ((rather than being confined in a pack n play)).
it is pretty sturdy if used properly, i mean if i or any other adult were to fall on it, obviously it would collapse.
it does fold, but not at all compactly, and i would say that it would most-likely take up my entire mini-van trunk if i were to travel with it... so if you are looking for a compact on-the-go type of play-yard, look else-where.
i do like that you can configure it to fit an oddly-shaped play area, or even remove/add panels ((sold separately which we did not buy)) to make it larger or smaller.
also, due to it being plastic ((very well rounded i may add, no sharp edges!))
my husband believes if we screw 3 hooks ((with the full hole, not the 1/2 hole) to either side of each door frame, and then attatch those strong zip-ties to the hooks and the holes in the gate, that it will work.
of course, this will do damage to our walls, but it is the only solution i see fit with such a large doorway ((please note that these are not meant for stairs, or doorways.
they are not baby gates... this is just a creative suggestion i thought i would mention)).
and, one of my friends owns one, and used it to surround her christmas tree last year, which i thought was an amazing idea!i think that once our boys master crawling, and eventually walking that the super-yard will prove even more valuable than it is now!
we purchased this the moment i saw my son fell and landed flat on the floor hitting the bottom corners of our entertainment center & computer table.
it gave him a bad bruise on his forehead, and worst of all a very traumatic cry of his life at 8 months.
now that we enclosed our entertainment center along with our computer table with this gate, we not only protected him from some more bad falls, but also kept him away from other stuffs (cds/dvds, remote controls, powersurge outlet and so on) we don't want him to play with.
it doesn't even encourage him to climb up on its diagonal shaped railings, no matter how much he tries to.
i say, its much cheaper too to invest on gates rather than on childproofing device with adhesives that don't actually work, and other devices that are not only childproof but adult proof as well.
this is one of only a few products my husband and i would buy again with no hesitation.
she is not a climber yet, so i do not recommend using it in this fashion if your child is.
it will tip over, the circular formation is the sturdiest.
we haven't had any problems with pieces breaking off or the plastic being brittle and we adjust it almost daily.
we now own two of these gates/yards.
the wall was too "freeform" to use regular 90-degree and straight-edge padding, so we figured by snaking this yard around the fireplace and entertainment center we'd pretty well babyproof the whole living room.
currently we are using one gate to block off the bottom of the stairs and one at the top (we're in a rental home and cannot bolt the sturdier ones to the wall).
our daughter is always supervised, but it's nice to have a "split second accident preventer."
in other words, it would take her some time to move the gate and go around it, by which time we would have caught her red-handed.
our first gate made it through a cross-country move with "break and dent van lines" with no issues...if only all our items would have been so durable.
great idea for when you have to keep the little ones in a safe space, our twins love being and playing in it
this is a stay-at-home mom's lifesaver!as my little boy (now 9 months) has become moremobile, this product has helped tremendously.it has broadened his world but in an enclosed space.we keep his play yard in a corner within the superyard, in the children's playroom.he never gets tired of it.
he can play with his toys,while i check my email, do the laundry and watch him at the same time.
he loves it!he can crawl or cruise within his area and can see me whilehe plays.
it never hurts to have extra, in case one breaks.
great product!
we got the superyard (or, as i call it, the &quot;steel cage death match&quot; yard) to contain our child in the living room and den while we are working.
in it's four or five sided form, it's very stable, even against toddler rage!
(&quot;attica, attica!&quot;) the sides can be taken apart, to make smaller areas.minus side: the folding and locking mechanism is very stiff, and i was afraid i was breaking it at first when i was opening it up.
so far it's not too much of a problem.
the whole system is pretty heavy, and not nearly as portable as they try to tell you.
also, it's pretty clunky and large, so once it's up, we keep it up.
the major downside is the price.
ack.
i got this from a friend whose son had outgrown it.
we use it both indoors and out.
outdoors it's good for keeping and busy infant or toddler in one place so you can do yard work or relax without having to chase them around.
it is especially handy in the backyard since we have a pool.
i just put a few toys inside it with my son and he's happy for a while.
we don't have a playpen so we use this inside as well when we need to make sure he stays out of harms way for a few minutes.
we even use it for the dog when she sleeps inside at night because otherwise she chews on everything in the house while we're sleeping.
it folds easily and stores great under the bed.
we love this thing.
i read the reviews before i bought it and thought it would be tough to &quot;unravel&quot; but it wasn't bad at all.
i expect a new product not to just pop right into position, but it formed a hexagon rather easily.
that's the key---no assembly required!
my daughter is 7 months old and when she pushes herself up on her front arms and tips over onto her back, she occasionally bonks her head on the &quot;wall&quot; of the pen.
the mesh lattice walls seem to have a little give in them.
i was initially given this product as a gift for my 9 pound chihuahua.
it's great in the sense that it contains him very well.
he is very active and likes to jump very high, but he can not jump over the gate.
he tries to push the gate in attempt to escape but the gate does not move.
the gate is high enough so that he can not jump over.
very sturdy product and we plan on using this also when we have kids.
but i guess that is the good thing also so who ever you have inside can't get out.
it did exactly what i purchased it for.
my baby never actually stayed in the enclosed area (absolutely hated it!)
the floor stickers, or whatever they're called, to keep it in place left sticky residue on my hardwood floors which took some effort to remove though.
i recommend getting the extension that goes with this gate to make it big enough.
it doesn't need to be connected to itself to function well.
if you do plan to connect it in an enclosable shape, it takes a little getting used to the connection mechanism.
my husband has no problem with it at all.
it's very versatile, and i recommend it.
my son is getting around pretty good now and i wanted to be able to contain him a little.
i put this with the extension kit around his laugh and learning home by fisher price and he is able to play while i get a few chores done.
it is open enough that he does not feel too confined and seems quite content to play in it for a while.
i feel comfortable that my 10 month old isnt going to tip the whole thing over due to it being substantial in weight.but when it comes down to it, i dont know if i would buy it again for more than 35$.
it's designed to be reconfigurable for a given area, so that the enclosure can be made to fit odd spaces.
our son, at 10 months or so, had clearly outgrown this smaller type yard, and was quite unhappy at the limiting horizons of its opaque blue walls.
the superyard has been a very good, albeit not completely perfect, solution for providing some portable play space that requires somewhat lighter supervision than a freeplay in an open room.
our son's now closing in on 14 months and this has been useful for that purpose.it's not 100% easy to set up and reconfigure, and there's a reason for that.
the extra difficulty with piecing the "end" sections together means it's nearly impossible for a tot to open or close this by their lonesomes.
there's a slight trick to negotiating the opening mechanism in a panel, but once you "get it", it's easy enough.
i suspect many of the comments about difficulty of set-up were written by those who had just set the thing up for the first time or who don't move it around a lot and who have forgotten "the trick".
we're on our fourth month of using ours, and it's very easy now to open and close the corral, as we call it (perhaps in part because we do it frequently).one of the big advantages of this type of arrangement is the shape of the enclosure can be changed.
i think some of the comments about this being unstable are either from those who are unrealistically expecting a completely rigid structure, or those who may have assembled it in a way that the shape is unstable.
i can demonstrate this by putting my full 200+ lb weight on the edge when it's open, in which case there's considerable flex, versus when it's closed in an octagon shape, in which case it barely gives and i can practically do a push-up on it.of course the whole thing can slide -- it's made out of plastic and it's not attached to anything!
if the structure is set up in a way that it's got some sort of limiter (a wall, for instance) keeping it from moving too far, this really ought not be a problem.
the idea is for creating a play yard you can set up easily an in a variety of places, and anything that's fixed permanently is not going to serve that purpose.
that's your trade-off with this type of yard versus a smaller crib or similar yard.the expectation for this should be as a semi-temporary safe play area.
i would recommend it for creating a "safe" play zone in an otherwise unsafe area -- an unchild-proofed room or outside (where we use it from time to time).
it is not to create an undersupervised area, except perhaps for  a quick deposit of your tot while you go to the bathroom or answer the door, etcetera.
we use this in the room that has our computer -- despite our attempts to childproof this area, it's pretty impossible given the requirements of computer cabling.
the superyard has at least made a part of this room safe enough.as for being able to climb over it -- there may be some prodigious children who can scale this using the lattice work as foot-rests, but i strongly suspect they can scale other things as well.
our little guy can pull up on the frame, and it occasionally slips a few inches, but i don't know a lot of toddlers coordinated enough to know how to climb a fence and who have small enough feet to use the rather small lattice openings.
)i do recommend getting at least one extension, as the extra two panels nearly double the available surface area options, and if you don't need them you can literally just fold them over without having to detach them.the portability has been excellent -- once you get the knack of how much pressure you need to collapse the sections, it folds up like an accordion, and there's a carrying strap that doubles as a restraining strap to keep the folds together while under transport.
folded up, it takes up about as much space as the smaller pack n play but at about half the weight.where this has been less than ideal has more to do with our kid than the product.
he doesn't like being left alone in it, but neither does he like being left alone in any of his other confinements (e.g.
crib).
the fact that he can see out the superyard is a big help; with the old graco packnplay, the opaque sides meant he couldn't see a parent even if quite close.
this was great for helping me keep an eye on my little one while i worked.
i was working from home, and most days i was upstairs and on the computer.
once she could crawl, she started crawling toward everything dangerous.
the litter box, the stairs, plugs, you name it, she found a way to get to it.
we even purchased the extension kit, so she basically had the whole room, yet was contained.
it keeps his toys, books, blankets, etc.
it's a great, roomy size and not too hard to put together or take down.
we bought this instead of the playzone because it was cheaper.
so we did not get to enjoy the gates fullest potential.the good:1.
very tall2.
easy to fold up (with some elbow grease)5.
very very easy to store away.6.
somewhat easy to wash (not like the plastic walls on the playzone - you just wipe clean), we had to take the gate into the yard and rinse it off with the water hose.8.
if it is not bolted into the walls it is quick and easy to take down for more space verses other products such as the playzone are pretty permantent once in place (they are just too big and bulky)all in all i gave the superyard xt 4 stars because it has options to make it as sturdy as the more expensive ones out there, but the more expensive ones do not require screws, or holes to your home to complete the job.
if you want to use the superyard as an extensive gate to block entranceways this gate is fantastic in every way.
if you are buying to use as a playyard, then buy the playzone if you have an extra fifty bucks.
i recieved this as a shower gift and began using it when my daughter began to crawl.
it was better than any play yard because there is much more room for toys and for baby.
as she grew (and the number of toys as well), i purchased an extension to make the area bigger.
we also used it to block the large open area between our kitchen and family room that no other gate would be large enough to cover.
now that winter is here and she is running about, we are using it to block our wood(pellet) stove to prevent any accidents.
we also plan on using it around our christmas tree again this year.
other reviews have complained that it is not sturdy or difficult to set up.
i have never had a problem and it folds up and stores easily.
well worth it for it's versatility.
i began using this when my first daughter began to crawl.
i liked that it was bigger than any playpen or playyard and could accommodate my growing daughter as well as her toys.
we have used it at home, at the beach, in the yard and as a barrier for both the christmas tree and pellet (wood) stove to keep our little ones safe.
they can't stay in here for too long, but it's great for when we need to cook and can't have them by our side.
it will not make a regular octagon, even if you have 8 panelsthe problem is, it  only opens to certain angles, and 135 degrees is not one of themit only does 90, 120, and 150(but 120 degrees is good for a hexagon, just don;t think if you have to have any old number of panels, you can make any polygon you want, you can;t.. additionally the square, which you can make with the 90 degree angles, are not very strong and not recommended by the instructions, especially if you are thinking, i can have use 8 panels to make a square, it will be very flimsy in the middle of the straight junction.. they specifically say do not do that, have 2 sides joined at a 0 degree angle.. basically a hexagon is about all it really works for.. though a 4 sided square works, it isn;t weak, it is just tiny..)so you can have an 8-sided fencebut the angles will have to be half 120 and half 150 degreeswhich is more of a square, just with bent sidesnot a real regular stop-sign type octagon!
@#$plus it;s a little flimsyand (no matter what the shape is) there is no way to have an easy open/close gate, you have to either step over it or take a side apart every time [very hard]when i bought it, the store guy said ''oh what kind of dogs do you have..?
''hmalsowhen your kids get to about 18 months or so, they can either move the sides, by walking while pushing on a side, which changes the angle  you had it set to, or just lifting it and crawling undergood for babiestoddlers, not so mucheither fix it to the floor somehow, or accept that they will escapedogs might do that tooespecially just dig under or root it up with their nose and go underwle
initially, i thought this was a great toy.
my 5 month old didn't seem to love it, but would sort of press the buttons and screw around with it.
unfortunately, at 6 months, she can now sit up, but has little control over her body.
she has no injury to her actual eye, but she has a bruise below her eye now, and has been crying all night.i am done with hard plastic.
i think i am switching to all soft toys and cubes until she is 1.
my baby seems to really like this cube.
he loves watching the flashing lights and hearing the music.
the reason i did not give it five stars is because the instruments do all sound very similar and a bit electronic sounding, but other than that not that annoying of electronic toy.
i wish there was a volume adjuster because it is a little louder than i imagined and that the music would last a little longer.
we bought this when our baby was sitting with support and initially she was into the soft edges to chew on and later on she found interest in hitting the cube for playing music.
this is probably the only toy she reaches for over and over, and she never seems to get tired of it.
we liked everything about it...except that it was too loud!
i've actually been amazed at the number of baby toys that are annoyingly loud.
some to the point that they made our babies cry (like this one).
i've actually had to place duct tape over speaker holes on numerous things such as mobiles, play gyms, and an activity table because otherwise those products are great, just loud.
but therein lies the problem with this toy - there is no obvious speaker hole on it.
it's as if the annoyingly loud music emanates from every crevice.
which is why it has been put away since christmas.
now that the boys are 9.5 months i may try to bring it out again and see if they will tolerate it.
if not i'll just sell this overpriced piece of plastic at my moms resale next month.
our 11 month old really loves this toy, he loves swatting the sides to make the music turn off/on.
its very sturdy and well made, but the one we received stopped working for no apparent reason after about 2 weeks.
amazon quickly replaced it and so far all is well with the second toy, though we've only had it a few days.
both of my twins love this toy!
i really like how you can add/subtract the different instruments as the song plays.
i did find it interesting that they enjoy one of the songs more than others and will keep pressing the orchestra button until they find the song the like.
i think it's a good way to start to introduce them to music.
he's five months old now.
it startles him and made him cry a few times.
decided it was a bit too 'manic' for him.
maybe when he's a bit older.
i was so excited to get this for my 1yo, and it is a great toy...  my 1yo & 3yo love it.
but it has an issue with batteries!
when it arrived (with included batteries in a "try me" box), the batteries were dead.
it's not being played with at a rate that warrants having to change the batteries once or twice a week.
when it begins getting low on power, the music sounds warped, like an old warped record, which is dreadful!
perhaps we got a defective one.
i don't know.
i hope this isn't happening to others.
my daughter isn't quite a year old, and she can control this toy.
it's easy to press the buttons, and she loves the music.
i think this is a great buy!
this thing as so loud and piercing.
my son doesn't really care for it.
it's heavy for a baby to hold and doesn't really do much.
i'm a very musical person, so i'm picky about these things.
he is entertained by this toy (so am i).
he doesn't get the concept of the different instruments, and adding/subtracting the instruments.
but, he does press the buttons himself.
the lights just add to the experience.i don't think the sounds are that far off.
it's a baby toy remember.
i like the choices of instruments - violin, piano, harp, flute & french horn - partly because i play three of those.it cycles through 8 songs (not all mozart as implied by the name).
unfortunately, it will only cycle through the songs by pressing the orchestra button multiple times.
it would be nice to cycle through them only using one instrument.
my 15 month old still enjoys this toy after getting it for christmas when she was near 9 months.
she didn't quite get it at first since she was so young, but through the months she's enjoyed pushing the buttons, watching the lights go on and off, hearing the music, and now at 15 months knowing that the different buttons do different things.
my only complain is that there are a couple of songs that get old quickly, but i guess that comes with every music making toy!
it's a bit on the loud side, yes, but my baby loves this toy.
it has kept her entertained for several minutes at a time, which is a lot for my very squirmy, active little one.
seriously, we have a top 5 list of must bring/have with us when we go anywhere, and this is one.
my mil freaked out when it ran out of batteries.
it's that good.
i'm not even sure why, but the baby becomes obsessed with the different instruments and the sounds.
and it plays a lot of tunes-excellent purchase.
this toy seemed very well liked and is recommended on many toy homepages in the top ten toys.
i had high hopes but my little boy just doesn't seem interested.
he is now almost 14 months and doesn't really play with it unless he is prompted by  me.
even then he'll only shortly press some buttons and then usually starts picking it up and throwing it.
this thing is heavy for a little person and i'm afraid that it could hit his foot or smash through our french doors.
i thought it might just take him a little while and that he would be interested as he grows older but so far we could have done without it.
he is very fussy baby but when i played the music on this cube, he loved it.
the best sounds he liked were the flute, piano and the orchestra.
the best thing about this music cube is that you can play one instrument at a time and then the final orchestra one to kind of show the music-mix.i believe it will help develop my baby's musical skills.cons: the battery didn't last long.
we used it for 30 days, for about 10 min each day and the battery died down!
we ordered this toy from drugstore.com, which showed a picture of an older model, not the new "upgraded" toy.
the idea of this toy is intriguing but the actual execution of the idea is less than stellar.
the "music" is tinny and unattractive.
apparently, the older model had better sound quality, which is why i went with this vendor.
i would actually recommend either getting a used model with all purple corners (the older model) or buying  it at a brick and mortar location so you can actually listen to it.
if you are going to purchase on amazon, consider another vendor.
very disappointed.
i will not do business with this vendor again.
my 6 month old loves this toy!i was thrilled when he went for it immediately in his playpen and was tap, tap, tapping the buttons - he knew the music should come from this tapping, but i had turned it off!
i do think the on-off switch is a blessing for the parents.
but the music is really pleasant, unlike so many toys.of course the music is electronic, and i think that would be my only complaint.
i'm a very amateur violinist and would like the violin button to truly sound like strings but instead it's very electronic.however, the piano and french horn are quite good facsimiles.research tells us that early introduction of classical music to children aids in their developing cognitive abilities.
this is a great way to make music fun for kids and i think all would enjoy this toy.
by far the least annoying music making baby toy.
my 10 month old daughter loves this toy and we also like the music it plays.
the music is soothing and not annoying like many other toys.
definitely a toy we recommend.
i never saw any of them properly engage with it.
they'd pull it out, bang it a couple of times (starting up 2 different sounds) and then get bored and crawl away.
it was the one toy i knew i'd never buy for my children.
at first, he was fascinated with looking at the lights and hearing the music.
but as he got older, he learned how to play with it more.
he will hit the blue button multiple times till he gets to the song he wants to hear.
i love that he loves this toy!
this toy is great.
not annoying and definitely a plus that there is an on/off switch.
my 7 month old figured it out pretty quickly and loves to bang, roll and chew on the thing.
she even gets excited when the music picks up and wiggles around.
well worth the money.
we like this toy.
but i would buy this for a friend.
my daughter likes it okay especially if i play it for her, but it is too loud.
i guess it is educational ....
my 9 month old loves this musical cube.
it does not have a volume switch so it can be rather loud.
overall, i'd recommend it for your little one.
i was surprised the music sound quality was better than any of all the other toys and mobiles and everything we have for them that plays music.
and the mozart pieces using different instruments makes the cube not tiring at all as i would have expected.the cube is a bit heavy, but they roll it around without difficulty at all.
they can't throw it and it has rounded edges, so it's safe for them.
it lights up and eventually we'll all associate those different colors with the different musical scores.i think for the price it is worth it without a doubt.
probably the price has come down and this used to be much more expensive because i notice in the earlier reviews mention about the high price.
i am surprised there aren't more toys for children at this age, so the really good ones like this one do not involve much thinking before buying on my part.forget replacing the battery as it's not simple.
this is just the biggest hit with the grandchildren and their parents probably thanks to mozart.
the on and off switch is easy.
it stack and stores!
he got it for his birthday, and he plays with it every day.
so far, we have had no trouble with it, and the batteries haven't even needed to be changed yet!
at first, he would just roll it to the orchestra side and hit that until it started playing.
then he  learned that if he hit it again, the song would change.
so now he plays one song after another.
he plays with it for hours.
i don't get tired of hearing it either, because there are several different songs, and the sound quality is not irritating.
it's electronic, but much more pleasant than many of his other music toys.
also, the tones of the instruments fluctuate a little bit, which makes it sound more like real instruments than electronic tones.long story short, this has stood up to alot of play already, and we like it just as much now as we did when we first got it.
i got this for my granddaughter's first birthday and we both love it!
i see why it is one of the most popular infant and toddler toys.
grandmas loves to play with it too!
i don't know what the "old" magic cube is that some reviews have mentioned, and yes it's true that the instrument sounds are electronic-sounding reproductions not actual instrument sounds.
i hesitated to purchase this after watching a video review on here showing the violin sound.
i have played piano for 26 years and violin for 23 so i might be pickier than some as  far as the sound.
i'm so glad i got it despite the negative reviews and it doesn't bother me that the sounds aren't completely authentic.
(i'd also like to note that the violin is the worst sounding one, the other instruments sound more like the real thing in my opinion.)
i love that you can hear each instrument's part separately and choose which instruments you would like to play together.
my 1 year old likes to push the buttons to listen to the music while he plays with other toys, and often as soon as the song is over he will stop what he's doing to start another song then go back to playing.
as he gets older it will be neat to show him that while each instrument plays similar but different parts, they all go together to make a pretty song.the toy seems very sturdy, although after several months of play the 'harp' button has to be pushed a little harder than the others for some reason.
the product is very fun for my daughter of 12 months, but the sound is so electronic that all of the selective instruments sound kind of the same.
how hard would it have been to have actual recordings of instruments?
i guess they don't have actual instruments in china.
buy it!
i was going to buy it on amazon, happened to find it elsewhere for just a little over $20.
my daughter loves this toy.we first gave it to her at 6 months for christmas, which was too early.
she wasn't strong enough to push the button herself, so she didn't really like it.
around 8 months or so, she started liking it.
at 11 months, she plays with it all the time.
now she's strong enough to lift it, so she hands it to us to play.
i know it says that this is for older babies but my daughter loves looking at the blinking lights and listening to the music.
a piece of advice: it took me a little while to figure out that you had to press the orchestra button a few times to change the song.
before i figured this out, the same song was driving me crazy!
the only reason why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it does not have a volume control button.
it is quite loud and i sometimes wish i can make it lower.
my 9 month old son loves this toy!
it's not too loud and lights up with pretty colors.
he goes back to it time and time again but never gets tired of it.
the buttons are easy for the baby to find and the music isn't super annoying for the parents.
definitely a good toy.
the mozart magic cube is an awesome toy for my busy little 15 month old boy.
it's one of the very few toys he will stop and play with.
really a classic must have for babies and toddlers.
my 4-5 month old baby loves this toy.
it is very easy to press the buttons and activate the sounds, so even very young, uncoordinated babies can get this toy to make noise.
for now, though, she just likes to chew on the corners and is delighted whenever the music starts playing.i am giving this four stars instead of five because the cube is secured to its packaging with wire-like pieces of plastic that protrude from the toy.
eventually, we had to cut the plastic ties very close to the toy and then push the raw ends into the toy, where they still are (and we hope they stay there).
the itself is well built and is exactly what you read about above.
i was hoping that it would engage my boy a little more but the buttons are a little hard to press for a 1 year old and so he lost interest very rapidly.he seemed to be interested when i pressed the buttons for him but beyond that, not worth the money in my opinion.
baby (7 months old ) loves it.
this is a great transitional toy.
i don't think he fully gets the concept of adding and removing instruments to the orchestra yet, so once he figures that out, we'll have many more months of fun with the music cube.
this toy inspires me.
i messed with it constantly when my son was an infant and too young to understand how to add and subtract instruments from the full orchestra sound.
now he gets the full functionality of the toy.
warning, it's very heavy.
don't put it in your backpack when traveling to grandma's (we learned this lesson).
my niece had it before, so i knew it was a must-have with my little guy already.
an added big plus for parents - it does have an "off" switch.
:)  so key, even for those of us who appreciate the value and fun of noisy kiddo toys... there is still a time/place for quiet.great, fun toy.
:)
the fabulous munhkin mozart magic cube was given to our friend's daughter when she was an infant.
from a very early age, we watched in amazement as she responded to the sounds of the music, obviously recognizing changes.
as time went on, she played with the toy herself and was constantly drawn to it.there was always a limited assortment of toys for her to explore on the living room floor.
not only does my child love it but it's the only thing i can distract him with while dressing him (he apparently hates putting sweaters on).
i can hit one of the sides and instantly get flashing lights and music while i try to squeeze a sweater over my child's head.
my child loves it because it's easy for him to hit and acheive the same flashing lights and music.
he received this for his 1st birthday and it was an instant hit.
he quickly learn how to work it and he still loves to play with it at 20 months old.
i bought this product as i was looking for some alternative toys for my 7.5 mo son, so he cld play/hear music when he wakes up in the morning in crib, instead of trying to stand up all the times.i love the product after reading reviews, love the rounded corner, love the design that baby has to play all by himself!
my boy totally enjoyed it for the first couple days and could sat and played for 20 to 30 min, it totally amazed me.
until one day i found him, after playing the cube for 15 min, covering his ears and trying to escape.
i turned the cube off and he's happy again, then i realized the cube could too loud/noisy for infant.different from most of other musical toys that have volume options, this one does not and its volume was definitely on the higher side, which might not be too good for infant, especially when it was designed for &#34;all ages&#34; - 0 month +.anyhow, i'm still using it to buy myself a little bit time in the morning, but i don't let him to play for more than 5 min, that would be my temporary solution for now.
he moves it around, bangs on it and lights it up with music.
my niece absolutely loved this product and its not at all annoying!
she loves playing with the lights and mom and dad don't have to listen to annoying music!
love, love, love this cube.
my 8 month young daughter loves it too.
it never gets old and it's so much fun to hit all the different instruments, then listen to them all play in sync.
my daughter got this when she was 3 months old and it was one of her favorite toys.
she'd kick her legs to turn the music on and off.
but this is the best toy ever.
whenever he is fussy, i just give him the cube and he forgets his fussiness at once.
best toy ever!
it's a good toy.
there are really mixed reviews for this product, and i think this is for two reasons: 1) the fact that different people are looking to this product with very different ideas of what they think their kids will get out of it and 2) the fact that the product quality really did go downhill when munchkin took over from embryonics.
let me try to help you sort out both points.before i do, i should mention that i originally got the munchkin version, didn't like it, and ended up replacing it with the original embryonics version, which i like much better.
my 19-month-old seemed to enjoy both versions.before you get this product, ask yourself, "what value do i think it will have for my child?"
here are a few possibilities:1) you just want some kind of musical toy with which the child can interact to change the song that's playing.
if this is your thought, you will probably be happy with either version of this toy.
(then again, if that's all you want, you'd probably be just as happy with thebaby einstein take along tunestoy, which my son enjoys, and which is both cheaper and more portable.
)2) you want a musical toy that's a bit more interactive, where the child can change the sound of the song that's on.
in this case, you'd also probably be happy with either version of this toy.
he does seem to enjoy this more than the baby einstein player mentioned above, perhaps because he can change things up in a greater variety of ways.3) you hope that your child will start to recognize the sound of different instruments from this toy.
if you have any thought like this in your head, banish the thought of getting this toy - you will likely be disappointed with either version of it.
you will certainly be disappointed on this count if you get the munchkin version.
on the better, original embryonics version of this toy, the piano and harp sound reasonably true to their real sound and the flute is recognizable on the higher notes, at least.
and the violin - forget it!
it doesn't even sound like a string instrument, and i doubt a child hearing the violin part on this cube and then hearing a real violin would hear any similarity.
the rest of the instruments sound like synthesized crap.
(i suspect that none of this will matter to you in the least if you just want a musical toy your child can interact with in some way, and despite this shortcoming, i think most toddlers would enjoy either version of the toy just because it is plays music and does so in an interactive way.
nonetheless, in this day of tiny, inexpensive high-quality music players, i don't get why they couldn't make this to sound more like real instruments, and to have better sound quality overall.
)4) you would like to enjoy this toy with your child, or at least not be driven crazy by it while he is playing with it.
as you can tell from what i've said already, i definitely agree with other reviewers that the newer munchkin version of this toy has much inferior sound quality than its predecessor.
not only are the munchkin instrument sounds largely unrecognizable, but the music overall sounds tinny, with the result that it is really grating to listen to it for any length of time.
and if your kid likes this toy as much as ours does, you will be listening to it a lot.
i think that for this reason alone, it is probably worthwhile to check the listings until you can find the older embryonics version of the music cube.
even if you aren't especially musically inclined.
then again, if your kid already has lots of toys that sing and make noise (mine doesn't), you may have developed the ability to tune out any kind of tinny synthesizer-produced ruckus, in which case you might as well save yourself the trouble of hunting down an embryonics cube and just get the munchkin version.also, it is worth noting that the newer munchkin version is marginally better-looking, in case that matters to anyone reading this review.
on the embryonics version, all the sides are a somewhat drab yellow, with only the edges and centers of the cube offering any variety in color, whereas the munchkin version is more colorful - this is the version pictured in all the product photos.
i think it's very well made and should last a long time.
it's been dropped dozens of times and it keeps on playing like new :o)
i am so glad i read the reviews and purchased the original embryonics one instead of the one made by munchkin.
i've heard the munchkin one play in person and it sounds like it is dying and about to run out of batteries.
seriously save yourself some money and buy an original one (even if it's used).
i got mine on ebay.
he enjoys switching up songs.2 complaints, 1)its pretty heavy 2)all the instruments sound very electronic
fine toy, nice sound.
much better than most other musical toys.
but i can't give it to my son yet as i can't seem to get these damned wires from the packaging out of the toy.
they are threaded through these tiny holes in the product and i haven't yet gone out to get pliers as someone else suggested.
you shouldn't need pliers to free a toy from its packaging.
obviously the manufacturer didn't receive the memo that we are pushing for frustration free packaging.
i even took out the screws that access the battery pack (which i am quite impressed with as well), hoping to access where the wires are stuck.
no luck.
if they just used regular string, it would easily come out, but these plastic coated wires are too stiff to pull through in the manner that they have put them.
this is a great toy.
my 7 month old daughter loves it and so do many of my musician friends.
there is one significant flaw in its design; this is that the volume is not adjustable and it is too loud.
if it were 1/2 this loud, i'd let me daughter play with it all the time.
as it is, i usually limit her to playing with it with me, so i can hold it away from her head/ears.due to the too loud volume, i'm giving it a 4 star review, instead of 5.
otherwise, it is a great, great product.
my children (an infant and a preschooler) like this toy--but it is way too loud.
i wish there was a way to turn the volume down.
i'd return this if i purchased it at a store, but it's too much of a hassle to return this to amazon.
so sad.
i love the music on this but my little guy does not seem to interested in this.
he has had it since he was 6 months and has only shown a passing interest in it.
i love this toy for babies.
however, i not only have a baby, but two toddlers.
this is a heavy toy.
it hurts (a lot) when thrown by toddlers.
it also seems to attract use as a step stool since it is a cube & has resulted in quite a few falls.
take this toy away when they are toddlers!
and if you have both a baby and a toddler, don't let either play with this toy!
it just doesn't make for a very good combination.
after looking for a musical toy that was not annoying, off-key or obnoxious, we discovered this.
plays several songs by mozart; baby can play a song with all instruments at once by pressing "orchestra" or one at a time.
baby can also turn off instruments one at a time.
the instruments are clearly synthesized, but still, the quality is not bad and i could listen to it for long periods of time.
i have yet to be annoyed by this toy.
in fact, i may have to buy two - my twins fight over it constantly!
my only reason for not giving it 5 stars is that it's a little bit loud.
i wish there was a volume control.
it's easy to turn instruments on and off herself, and she loves hearing the different instruments (and combination of instruments) play the same tune.
not annoying but very good tones.
well, the reviews were right -- this is a great toy.
my son loves this thing, and becomes very involved when playing with it every time he uses it.
the musical sounds don't sound like the real instruments, they just sound like a cheap toy.
for example, the horn would play the background, the flute a lighter melody, then all the instruments would combine to create the true melody when the orchestra button is pressed.
but really, each button plays exactly the same notes except with a different instrument.
the ones on that toy are really neat.
why can't manufacturers put a volume control on all toys or at least err on the side of being too quiet?
this toy is a great concept and plays great music, looks great, but is too loud.
espeically when my baby is playing with it right next to their ear.unfortunately many other toys are too loud too, so this one is probably worth recommending to friends/family.
but it could be better.
my 6 month-old enjoys staring at the toy and listening to the music if i turn it on for him, so i probably enjoy this toy more than my child at the moment, but i'm sure that will change.
the problem for a young baby is that this toy is very dense, and the buttons require a significant amount of force to push.
if he kicks one of the buttons, that will be enough, but he doesn't really have enough force just from swatting at it (he'd probably have to lean onto it).
it's also too heavy for him to pick up.the music quality is very nice and i don't find it to be at all annoying (like many other electronic baby toys); the flute is probably the nicest sounding of the instruments.
i'm still giving it 5 stars because i think it will be a toy he'll enjoy more and more as he grows and becomes more able to interact with it on its own, but for a younger baby, you might want to look atbaby einstein baby neptune ocean orchestra musical toy, which has a similar conceit.
the music choices are pretty annoying and i am not someone who gets annoyed by baby tunes.
to change the tune you have to press twice on the orchestra side rather than only once, which i find annoying.
overall my lo doesn't seem too interested in it just yet.
santa gave this to our 6 month son for christmas.
thank you santa!
would buy again and again.
i love that there is an off switch, and it would be very difficult for a baby to turn it on.
but why, oh why, didn't they put a volume switch on this thing though?
i have to take it away, so what is the point of having a toy that gets forgotten about in a cupboard somewhere?as for good points, there are lots of colors obviously, and baby can choose just one instrument or the whole orchestra sha-bang.
the individual instruments don't really sound authentic, but it was a nice try.
the musical arrangement was a nice choice, too.
it's nice and quiet, too.
i have read through some of the ridiculous low-star reviews and can't believe how anal people are.
this is a baby's toy for $20.
it's not a minature version of the new york symphony stuffed into a $600 bose music player, like some people are expecting.since this is a child's toy, i think it's serves it's purpose well.
the lights flash when the music plays.
i think it's neat that you can add or subtract musical instruments during the song that's playing so your baby can hear what each individual instrument sounds like.my daughter loves the toy.
it keeps her occupied for long periods of time and she's learning the names of each instrument and how they each sound both together in an orchestra and individually.the people who are expecting this to be something more than it is need to understand that the toy wasn't designed for their enjoyment.
the toy was designed for children.
too loud.
too hard.
buttons don't depress easily or distinctly.
the corners have sufficient covers but why not the edges between corners???
buttons require too much strength to push for a 6 month old.
she can sometimes manage it her feet if cube is braced against other object.
battery replacement requires screwdriver.munchkin mozart magic cube
sound is good, the way the music evolves with diff instruments if you push them is nice, but is waaayy toooo heavy for baby to carry and to push!!
this is the best purchase i have made thus far for my new grandchild.
she has gone from just looking and listening to it, to pressing the buttons herself and chewing on the ends as a teether and has begun to select the music and instruments on her own.
sings 8 diff mozart tunes and lights up.
no assembly required just open the box and turn it on.
this music cube is a great idea, but unfortunately the sound quality is terrible.
overall it's very tinny and hard to listen to.
i was a little skeptical at first.
but this cube is a lot of fun!
there are instruments on each side that can be turned on and off while contributing to the main song.
you can have a piano solo, and then add other instruments on top.
well built cube, should last a long time!
this toy keeps my 4-month old's attention for a while - she really seems to like the flashing lights as the music plays.i only wish there was a volume button on it - it seems a bit loud to me (and if it seems loud to me wouldn't it seem loud to the baby as well?
), and i wish it weren't quite so heavy.
it will be a long time before my baby will be able to turn the cube or pick it up, for now it just sits on the floor between her legs and she's able to hit the buttons that are facing up/out.
cute product.
it's ok. my 9 months old daughter doesn't seem to like it much at all, but the product is really well made and plays cute music.
maybe she'll grow into it?
my daughter loves this toy.
it's ten times better than the average music played by other baby toys.
he is blind and cognitive delays.
this isn't nearly as annoying as most toys.
it only gets annoying bc he bangs on it for hours on end.
he loves it
i think a lot of kids these days have this toy.
it's quite popular.
all my friends with babies have it.it's a toy providing light entertainment.i'm a trained musician and i disagree with some reviews saying that the quality of the sound is poor.
trust me, for a toy it's totally fine.
you can still tell the instruments apart.
you can't expect your baby to become a little mozart just by listening to this cube 5 minutes a day anyway.everything seems to function well.
it's safe.
i'm not scared to turn away for 30 seconds.
plays nice music that isnt to loud.
item is smaller than i expected, but that is not a bad thing as it makes it easier for little ones to hold/carry.
this toy definitely keeps my 7 month old entertained.
the flashing lights are very attractive.
though i have to say, the sound quality is just so-so, but at least there is enough sounds/songs on there that it does not repeat very often and becomes annoying, so that's all that matters.
i have to say the toy itself is a bit heavy.
this is such a great toy.
i have to knock one star off for volume control, it is entirely too loud and as i can see this has been a complaint before i can't believe they haven't adjusted it.
there is no way to put tape over any place to quiet it down due to it's construction so we use it during loud times as opposed to &#34;quiet&#34; times.
my 4 year old son spotted this toy while we were out shopping for my 4 month old daughter.
he couldn't help but play with this in the store and i thought that since my baby loves music so much she would probably enjoy this.
i was a little put off by the price.
(i paid a bit more than it is here) but it was worth it!
my daughter was totally fascinated by the flashing lights and music and i even found myself and my son playing with it together!
i'm sure as she gets older, she will really enjoy how interactive it is.
such a cool toy.
unlike many other toys that make noise, this one is not annoying at all!
i would recommend this and will probably give as a baby gift in the future.
i hesitated to buy this after reading some of the reviews comparing it to the old embryonics version.
you see, i bought that version at a secondhand store back when my three-year-old was a baby.
it was a great toy, but the battery compartment was hard to take off and put on without breaking it.
one day we brought it to a friend's house, and someone else's kid somehow broke the battery cover in such a way that my attempts to fix it with super glue were futile.
i went back to the secondhand store to find the other one i had seen on my initial visit, but i didn't find it.
i was bummed because i had really liked it!
i came to amazon to discover that munchkin now made the music box, but the reviews comparing the old one to the new one kept me from buying it.a little while ago, i decided i still really missed the toy, and i now had another baby who might enjoy it.
it has nicer colors, an improved battery compartment cover, and better synchronization of the instruments.the embryonics version was purple and yellow and, in my opinion, kind of ugly.
the battery compartment cover now has two screws (rather than a screw and a tab that put stress on the cover every time you had to put it back on) plus a pull-out box that contains the three batteries.on the embryonics version, sometimes the instruments were out of sync.
we had this problem from the start.
it just seemed that one or two instruments were slightly behind the others.
we've used our munchkin version plenty but haven't yet run into this problem.i'm not sure why some other reviewers are knocking the sound quality (whether or not it's compared to the embryonics version).
this isn't an orchestra; it's a child's toy.
do the individual instruments sound like the real thing?
kind of.
but again, it's a child's toy.
the sound quality does tend to suffer as the batteries start to die, but that's to be expected.
it gets quieter and flatter, like the instruments are slightly out of tune.i'm generally not a big fan of noise-making toys, especially ones that play music because the music tends to be very annoying.
i don't find the music from this box annoying; in fact, it bothered me so little that i sought out this particular toy two years after throwing out the original, broken one.my only complaint is that i wish the box had a lower volume setting.
the music can be a little loud, especially when it's got new batteries.
that would probably help retain some battery life, too.overall, my baby loves this toy, and my 3-year-old, who loved it as a baby, still loves it.
the older one recognizes the instruments and likes to show his younger brother what they are.oh, and if you're like me and hesitated to buy this because it's supposedly crappy compared to the embryonics version, fret not and just order it.
you'll be glad you did, and if you disagree, pack it back up and return it.
my ten month old loves this toy.
it is quite heavy for her little arms though, so she does get frustrated at times.
i find the music to be a little but too high-pitched for me, but it is better than many other musical toys we have had.
!well built toy!!!
this seems like a great toy for the musically inclined baby, my 5 month old likes looking at the flashing lights and trying to eat it the music doesn't seem too loud to me or out of tune,  perhaps that is a defect for the previous reviewer?
however i do agree it is a great book shelf toy too.
it looks fantastic!
it's sturdy.
he's thrown it a few times already, and it bounced off the hardwood and still works fine.my only qualm with it is that it sounds like the batteries are dying.
some of the music just isn't the greatest sounding.
now, he doesn't care, but as a parent who gets to listen to this for seemingly hours when it's his toy of interest, it becomes grating.
i changed out the batteries and it sounded the same.
:-/given that i know this, i also know that he loves playing with it, and that outweighs my feelings.
i'd get it again in a heartbeat if we ever lost this!
this is one of my son's favorite toys.
he's been watching/listening to it since he was born.
now that he's 5 months old, he's still very interested in it.
this is a toy that will provide entertainment for months to come!
got this early on but the baby appreciates it more now that she is six months.
at least i think so.
i purchased this toy for christmas for my daughter who was 10 months old at the time and she loved it right away.
i find myself playing with this toy, as do many of my daughter's young playmates and their parents too!
some of her older cousins, who are 7-9yrs old also find enjoyment playing with this toy as well and this just proves the endless possibilities this toy provides as well as many years of extended play.
so far, this toy has been dropped quite a bit and it still looks/functions as new as the day i purchased it.i'm also aware that this toy is what many have called a cheaper reproduction of the original that was out many years ago, but the product i received is pretty good too.
the munchkin mozart magic cube is very engaging and while others have said the music sounds &#34;tinny&#34;, i didn't find that to be the case at all.
i'm no music expert, but to my ears, each of the instrumental sounds is clear and pretty to me!
i'm sure the original was really great but this one is pretty nice too.
i suspect that maybe i received a newer model and the quality has been improved and if that's the case, i highly recommend the purchase of this toy.
my 9 month old has loved this toy for several months.
it's great for adults too because it's classic tunes, not annoying like some of our other toys.
this is in the top 3 toys of all time in our house and that's saying something.
6 decent songs and you can listen to individual instruments (and they only play their parts) or you can listen to the whole orchestra.
he now plays it himself (13 months).
i do not think he gets he can turn off and on each instrument but i suppose that will come.
it has five or so songs and you can turn off and on each instrument.
that is pretty neat.
the only problem is that there is no volume control.
batteries last a pretty long time in it.
the songs are nice too, jazzy and complex enough to be interesting.
it seems really tough.
it has withstood some hard knocks.
it's kind of heavy so just now has baby really been able to haul it around.
old daughter for christmas.i love this toy.
there is an orchestra button on one side that starts a song or switches to another song.
each song is a classical music track.
when a song is in play you can push the other sides of the cube to add or subtract instruments.
i think this is a fantastic toy that will get toddlers thinking about music.the best part of this toy is quality of the toy.
it is clear that the programmers put a lot of thought into creating it.
the instruments definitely sound true to what they should be.
you can very clearly tell the difference between the sound of the french horn, flute, piano, harp, and violin.
what i mean by this is that in an orchestra, a tuba doesn't just sound different than a flute, they perform different musical functions.
the result is that the music is worth listening to and i am always happy when my daughter plays with this toy over other toys with less-pleasing music.i highly recommend this toy.
while it is not the highest quality music, this is a toy that was meant for children and they seem to really enjoy using it.
it also lights up and plays very nice classic type melodies vs the standard children's songs.
this is a great toy for infants and toddlers.
here is why:1.
each side of the cube has a different instrument and a different color: violin--yellow; harp--pink; french horn--orange; flute--purple; piano--green; orchestra--blue.2.
when your child touches a side of the cube, it lights up and the instrument starts playing.
touch a second side, and the second instrument plays in sync with the first one (which is still playing), etc.
if you want to hear everything at once, just hit the orchestra button.3.
instead each corner is rounded and has yellow, purple, green and red colors.4.
there is an easy on/off switch to conserve battery power when the cube is not in use.5.
as the name indicates, the cube plays music from mozart.
i have read the most negative review complaining about the sound and that this cube is not as good as the original embryonics cube.
for a toddler the quality of the music on this cube is just fine, so don't let that negative review discourage you from buying this product.bottom line: this is a well made quality toy.update may 20, 2012: my now 16 month old granddaughter still loves to play with this.
i really like this magic cube.
we enjoy it.
i bought this magic cube about 2-3 months ago and at that time my baby wasn't really able to play with it.
but now he's 6 months and he plays with the cube longer and longer.
this is one of my baby's favorite toys now!
i had high hopes for this item based on other reviews, but it was a huge letdown.
it plays one tune with different instruments, and it is too loud for a baby.
i will keep looking for other musical toys with more variety and sophistication.update:  this is still my least favorite toy, mainly due to the volume.
i wish i could turn it down.
thanks to a helpful comment, i did manage to play all the tunes and felt fairly silly not reading the directions beforehand.
i sill stick with my original rating, though.
there are just so many better toys out there.
i'm sure he doesn't grasp the concept of it yet, but the lights and music hold his interest.
i only wish it had the real drum-snare sounds also added to it.
this is a good buy.
recommend buying
my five month old loves this product.
considering most toys only hold her interest for 5-10 minutes, the 15-20 she gets out of this speaks for itself.
the sounds of the instruments is artificial and tinny, but not so much so that i can't stand to hear it.
my only complaint is that it is quite loud, i wish it came with the ability to adjust the volume.
borning toy and my son was over it the minute he opened it up.
music is nice but the buttons are hard to press for a child so be ready to sit there doing it for them.
given the age that a kid outgrows this, you won't have much use for this very long.
i always read reviews on this website and the babies r us site before buying a product.
this product got great reviews so i bought it - i was not disappointed.i bought this for my son when he was about 4 months old.
the music and flashing lights immediately captured his attention and, as he grew, he played with it more and more.
i keep it in his playpen and it's easily his favorite toy (besides his exersaucer and jumperoo).
it keeps him entertained longer than other toys.i like that it's easily washable and has soft rubber-like corners (so, if baby falls on it, no sharp or hard corners to scratch himself on).i also think the music is nice - nothing too annoying like a lot of toys out there.
based on the myriad of reviews here, i purchased this toy when my triplets were several months old.
to be honest, they did not care for or notice it until they were closer to 8 or 9 months.
at that point, they realized they could start and stop the music by hitting at it.
all of a sudden, they took great interest in it.
it was also excellent when they were just learning to sit unassisted.
they could lean forward and balance on the cube while playing at the same time.now that they have "figured" it out, the toy is a little less appealing.
i am waiting for the next enjoyment phase to kick in when they start noticing and playing with the different instruments.my only complaint, and it is a minor one, is that battery life is shorter than i would have expected.
while not bad, it seems to slow down more quickly than our other battery operated toys.
i would recommend it.
my 8 month old isn't too impressed with it.
it is nice and well made but just not for my kiddo.personally i like the different instruments that play the songs.
hopefully when he gets older he will appreciate it more.
my kids enjoy this toy, however it's a little heavy and not easy to turn because the corners are mad of rubber and are a bit sticky on our wooden floor.
i do enjoy that the music is mozart.
i like this seat mostly because elmo seems to have magical powers over little ones!
if your kid is like mine, however, and likes to sit on the potty "unproductively" you might want to consider something a little more comfortable.
the plastic frame that the cushion sits on has a rim around the inside.
while your child is sitting, the fairly cheaply made cushion settles down and your child's butt is now resting on the edge of the hard plastic.
depending on what kind of toilet seat you have, it also has a tendency to slip around.
i had to put some non-skid pads on the bottom so that it wouldn't fall into the toilet with a toddler's wiggling around.
my son's old one used to collect urine underneat of it in the plastic part, this one doesn't at all, it's perfect
i really like this potty seat, but it doesn't quite fit well on our elongated toilet.
it's o.k.
for the price.
my daughter really wanted a red potty seat, but if i could do it again i would buy her a different brand.
we have an elongated toilet and i don't know of anyway to hold this seat in place.
my daughter has trouble sitting back far enough because when she tries to scoot back, the whole seat goes with her.
so when she pees, it gets in between the potty ring and the toilet seat and makes a big mess.
seat comes off the plastic handle-and-holder.
it is light and my 18-month-old can lift and place it (albeit not always with the right fit) on the toilet seat.
guard is useless in my mind since my lo can't climb over it, but otherwise a steal and saved me the trouble of getting a potty.
i like the squishiness of the seat, but after my son has been sitting there a while (10 min.
i think once he gets more efficient at using the seat this will improve.
i do like that it's a bendable rubber type material so it has some give when he scooches his behind over it.
my dad had to fashion a filler block out of styrofoam attached with packing tape to the back of the seat because our toilet is oval so this potty seat slides back when my son sits down.
this is true - it does fit - but slides to the back of the toilet opening so my son's feet don't reach the stool and he gets scared.
with the seat braced to the front it's fine.
i would put 6 stars if i could!
it fits the toilet seat very well.
it doesn't slide from side to side.
easy to use,it's light.
made in usa.
this does fit on an elongated toilet seat, but it slides around.
it wouldn't dump my kid in or anything, but the slipping might startle a child.
i may see if i can find some sort of anti-slip stickers.
i did not bother with the splash guard, i just threw it out.
it looked flimsy and unnecessary.
i'm not so fond of the vinyl seat, as my daughter's hiney sticks to it and is a little uncomfortable when she gets up.
but, it's cheap enough and serves its purpose - allowing my daughter to sit on the big potty without falling in.
we haven't officially started potty training yet, just slowly introducing it.
he walked around the house with it when we first got it, but as soon as i put it on the toilet and tried to sit him down on it, it was over.
he hates it now.
i like that the cushion is removable, but it's a little too removable- they need to put velcro on the bottom or something (which i plan on doing if my son ever uses it), and 2.)
i don't know if all our toilet seats are weird shaped or it's a design flaw, but i think there's way too much movement of the seat when it's on the toilet.
part of the problem with my son may be that he's scared of the potty seat's wiggle when it's on the toilet.
nonetheless, i ended up buying a fisher price potty seat that goes on the floor as well.
i transitioned my daughter from the potty to the regular toilet.
i wanted something that would draw her attention to make her want to sit on it and this seat did it.
day1 i thought she would be scared but she said &#34;dora&#34;!
and sat on it with no fight.
it is comfy padding (i presume comfy - the padding is quite thick and has some squish to it).
the handles are great for keeping my daughter's hands busy instead of touching other things.
while it does slide around on some larger toilets, i'd say it fits well to about 75% of toilets we've used it on.
they have a number of children living there and i imagine many of them potty train while they are staying there.
i know how much my nieces and nephews love dora so i thought this would get used more than a plain potty seat.
this is a good toilet ring, but only if you have the smallest, round toilet seats.
otherwise this ring - which can not be adjusted to fit - will slide around a lot and feel very unstable when you're trying to toilet train.
the toilet set is nice.
other reviewers had complained that it did not fit on their toilet seats but i have three different toilets and it works on all three.
the packaging says it was supposed to have a splash guard and handle to hang on the toilet handle.
it did not come with either of these and when i contacted the seller she claimed they were not supposed to come with the seat.
according to the packaging and description they were!
my daughter liked the seat she had (primo ducka) but really wanted a seat with handles for pooping.
this little seat seemed to fit the bill and was cheap enough that i didn't mind buying another seat.yes, it "fits" elongated toilets.
but there is nothing to keep it from sliding around on the longer toilet seat underneath it - no clamps, no pegs, no rubber feet, nothing!
every time my daughter tried to sit down, the seat would slide 4 inches backwards - landing her on the pee guard.
if i start with the little seat as far back as possible, it's too far for her to get on without help (she's nearly 3!)
it needs to be at the front of the toilet seat but it won't stay there.
so i have to be with her to hold it in place so she can climb on.
not a problem if you are starting out - you need to be with your child - but this is a problem if your child knows how to use the potty and wants to express her independence and "do it herself".once she is sitting with the seat in the proper place, the biggest complaint starts.
this thing collects pee.
the little pee guard is pointless.
my daughter needs one - a decent one.
this one just deflects her pee all over the seat, the floor, her pants, her shoes.
in short, a drippy, nasty mess that has to be cleaned every time it is used with extra laundry.
i shudder to think of the muck that is accumulating in the foam under the vinyl.she wanted one with handles.
she's pleased.
this piece of junk went in the trash.
this potty seat fits the toilet fine, and seems comfortable to sit on.
might be better suited for girls.
we have a baby bjorn brand one for our downstairs toilet and it does not have the same issue.
we have two potty seats---one for upstairs, one for downstairs.
this one is decent--we have no problems with it fitting on our elongated toilet.however, be prepared to clean up pee if you use this with a boy!
he has to sit just right in order to aim down and not get pee on the seat--i don't think the pee guard is high enough for use with boys.
also--if he 'aims' just right, pee gets under the seat, causing a mess on the regular toilet seat.
i have to clean both seats every time i take this one off for adult use.
it's easier for him to use it when he isn't wearing anything below the waist--he's better able to get his legs spread further apart for better support and aim.i think this would be better for girls--but someone has to get it right for boys!
i bought this seat because i (bad mommy) forgot my 2 year old daughter's potty in a hotel while we were on vacation.
she loves that she can take it off and put it on another toilet if need be.
she uses her little step stool to get up on the big potty and she feels like a big girl.
she uses this every day.
really, how hard can it be to design one of these things?
this fails for two basic reasons:1) it slides backwards on the toilet seat making it unstable and hard for my daughters to sit down.
this is an enormous design flaw.2) the pee guard is basically flush with the seat, so what is its purpose other than to decrease the actual potty-business real estate?
it takes away room for daughters' pee to go down.
and it's not high enough to save my baby boy from getting soaked when my daughter didn't clamp her knees shut tightly enough to prevent her pee from shooting cleanly over the guard and onto baby's head.
i love this low-tech seat as it's easy to clean and hands down my twin daughters' favorite.
the singing duck potty was more expensive, is much harder to clean, is annoyingly loud and wakes up the baby, and there are a lot more spills due to the lack of pee guard.
not good quality and didn't fit my toilet.
another child to potty train and anything they are into to get them to go is where i head and this seems to do the trick.
i have a boy, so the little guard cup was useful until my son learned to pull it out.
after sitting on the toilets for chunks of time (waiting :) he got bored so he would pull this out &#8212;not very helpful!
other than that it's fantastic, soft, stable, easy to sit on and clean.
it's also compact enough to fit in the diaper bag if you want to take it on the go.
the padded part of the seat lifts up and it gets inserted between the plastic and padding.
i would have preferred it to be permanently attached, but aside from that i am happy with this purchase.
these potty seats sit securely on the toilet.
they are soft and padded for little tushies.
my only gripe with them are the crevices underneath where crude stuff collects.
hard as i try, the grime is still there.
i just can't get in there the clean them.
not sure if it was the same manufacturer or not.
it had no handles then, and the pee guard stood up high and was removable.
we never used the pee guard, it made it harder to get on the seat and it just wasn't needed - we just taught my son to point it down.now i am training twin girls and thinking elmo might get one of them on the potty more (one shows way more interest than the other - it's the reluctant one i want to bribe)  we have little potties with inserts that come off but most parents know the power of elmo - i'm willing to try anything at this point, within reason.
(ie the all-out free standing elmo potty is too much, lol, and i want to take advantage of the fact that both are willing to use the big potty with an insert)the reviews about the pee guard on this were so puzzling i had to see it in person before buying it - and it looks terrible.
it's a very low pee guard.
basically too low to serve any purpose for a boy, but it's there, and it's high enough that boy or girl i can see them peeing on it and making more of a mess than if it wasn't there.
(one of my girls likes to look down and kind of shift her stuff forward as she pees - not normally a problem, but with this in the way, it would be)  and it does not come off.
i actually stood there in the store contemplating if we could cut it out somehow, maybe with a dremmel, but you shouldn't have to make modifications to a potty ring.
it's one of the worst designs i can imagine.
it's like i can kind of see what they were thinking but they should have thought harder.
so i decided to skip this.
even if we were to have marginal success with it, i am pregnant with another boy now, and i refuse to buy something i know he won't be able to use.i am really kicking myself for not replacing my son's potty ring when we lost it, but he was doing well enough without it and i never saw it becoming a hard to find item.
we kept it in our diaper bag.
now i am in the market for a used potty ring!
a sticker on the packaging clearly stated that the potty material includes a known cancer causing agent.
i sent it back to amazon immediately.
my daughter was very disappointed because she loves dora!
purchased this for my grandson to use at my house.
what can i say about a potty seat.
it fits, his butt fits it, he likes the characters on it, it's easy to clean.
buy it.
the doctor recommended that she sits twice a day for ten minutes in a row in the potty, and we decided to buy this toilet seat.well, two weeks using it and we are finally making progress!!
she loves her dora, super pink, flowery potty, so sitting on it is a delight.
we were using the potty before, but i thought if we were going to train her for good, it was better to train her in the toilet.
and it is very difficult without a toilet seat, because she is not stable.the handles are great, toddlers use them all the time.
there are other designs for boys as well, but the pink dora one is great for girls this age.
we got two of these for relatively cheap.
in concept, it's great.
we have one at our house and it fits all of the toilets (we have 2 toto toilets, one kohler and one other brand (not sure which) and it fits fine).
we've never had any fit problems.the problem is the design.
pee trickles between the plastic and the cushion and pools there.
even if you clean it regularly, it smells nasty.
if you forget to clean it, next time you pick it up, the nasty pee drips everywhere.i am in the process of ordering a different one so that i can get rid of this one.
gross.
he will sit on that seat all day if you let him.
this might be a good choice for parents of girls.
purchased this at walmart for $12.
i was under the impression that it fit more securely such as clipped on at the handles.
it just rests in the hole of the toilet seat and slides around a bit.
when lifting my daughter off of the seat, her legs stick to it, it goes up with her and then falls back onto the toilet.
she isn't scared too much by that since it is lightweight, but i would think that to be terrifying for a 23 month old just starting to use a big, scary toilet.it seems comfortable enough and my daughter was willing to sit on it for about 5 minutes straight on the first try.
since she loves dora so much, she really liked this potty seat, however, i can see that being a problem:  i may find the potty seat in random places throughout the house since she'll want to play with it!
something i hadn't thought of!being as lightweight as it is, it's easy for myself or even my daughter (once she learns how) to put it on the toilet very easily.i really do not want a separate potty seat to have to clean so was looking for something like this.overall, serves its purpose for the low price i paid for it.in hindsight, i would have just payed double this price for the babybjorn toilet trainer (29.99 with free shipping here on amazon.com!)
that adjusts to fit all toilet seats snugly.
the reviews were raving on that one!good luck fellow potty trainers!
i ordered this product because it was advertised to have a built-in splash shield, which many don't.
i specifically researched and looked for one with that for my little girl.
it says it has one and the picture shows it.
however, the actual product does not have one.
i opened the package, thinking it might be inside the wrapping,but no, it wasn't.
now, i'm out $15 and still have to look for another one.two days later: i am adding this note on and raising my rating from one star to four stars.
after i wrote the above review, amazon contacted me within 24 hours and offered me a refund, even if i wanted to keep the item.
amazon once again has proved itself excellent in customer satisfaction and really checked the reviews to see if they could make the situation better.
i really appreciate that and love amazon all the more for it.
thank you, amazon.
i would recommend it to anyone for their baby.
i know the dimensions are listed, but for some reason i was surprised at how big/long the caterpillar is.
because it is not like a big stuffed animal (long and thin) it was very easy for my 4 month old to hug and hold.
he can easily pull it to his mouth to bite on it.
he's almost 6 months now and can focus on one area or another...it is still big for him.
so i can see how for the next few months, he'll still be interested because it is big and he can do more and more with it.
my 2 year old niece visited and latched onto it and began imagination play.
i think there was so much written about this that my head probably over rated it and now i'm discontent.
my kids doesn't even look at it unless i'm on all fours like a dog and carrying it in my mouth.
but, really, i don't think he's looking at the worm at all but thinking, &#34;mommy has gone bow wow wow crazy.&#34; it's soft and not even cute.
just, it is.
that's it.
if what you see on the screen isn't making you scream and yell, it'll probably get the same reaction.
she loves that that head and tail rattle while she can squeeze the red and blue to get crinkle noises.
i just washed mine for the first time and aired it dry.
we received this product and our little one really likes all the colors and the squeaking noise but i'm not sure where the &#34;crinkle&#34; part comes from because our product must be defective.
there isn't any crinkle but we can live without.
this gate was a replacement for the crappy swing 'n lock.
this gate is so easy to install.
the only problem was we have baseboards and couldn't use the template.
so i simply measure 3 inches off the floor and then marked the holes to drill and folded the template to get the upper holes marked.
we did however have a lot of wall damage due to the fact that this was installed on the metal corner protectors under the drywall and a lot of the joint compound fell off due to disturbing it.
i like this gate because it has two point of contact in the locked and closed position.
both rails the upper and lower fit about 1 1/2 inch into a metal seat.
this makes it so secure.
i don't agree w/ the other reviewers that said the lower rail pops out, i'm sure if it was installed wrong.
just make sure to measure properly and make sure things are even, level and line up and there is no way the rail is going to pop out!
i did pinch myself a few times opening this the first few times.
you have to slide the rail in a bit to swing it and there's a metal piece on the top rail that supports the two gates, ouch.
will remember not to do that!
we purchased this gate almost 2 years ago when my daughter started crawling.
she's now 2 1/2 years old.
i've been meaning to write a review on this gate since it is one of the best gates for the stairs.
we have mounted it at the top of the stair.
my husband used small pieces of 2x4's for extra security to mount it on the side of the stairs that has plaster (as opposed to a wooden post).
this gate is very strong and is holding up very well (minus the fingerprints :).
a few times, i have caught my daughter standing at it shaking it or trying to stand on it, which i make her stop.
fortunately, there are no vertical bars, just horizontal, so climbing it would be a little difficult.
i'd done quite a bit of research on baby gates before purchasing this one at babies r us, but in trying to save a few dollars, i first went to wal-mart and bought a metal top-of-the-stairs gate, but i decided to take it back since it had a raised "platform" (for lack of a better word) piece at the bottom.
i think that platform was meant for extra sturdiness, but i saw it as an accident waiting to happen.
i returned that gate before we even installed it.
another nice feature about this is that you can just slip the gate out of its brackets to remove it if you are having a party or have to run up and down the stairs without needing to swing the gate out of your way.
and when you are ready to put it back, just line the gate up with the brackets and slide it in place.
really nice feature for us when we were moving our daughter's furniture from one room to the other and downstairs, we didn't have the gate in our way since we removed the swing arm.
overall, we are very pleased and would buy this gate again if we had to.
this gate could have easily been 5 stars, but there are a few points that need mention, where the gate needs some improvement.
let me start with the positives.
it works well and looks great, if the install goes well, and as exactly specified (included paper template is great).
of course, one hopes that 'evenflo' has determined this type of latch to be one that is not 'easily defeated' by the age group that it was manufactured/intended for (6 months to 2 years)!
thankfully, it does seem like it is up to the task.
i also like the fact that the bottom latch receptacle allows for the gate to slide into, thus adding reinforcement to both the top and bottom portions of this gate.
way to go 'evenflo'!
the negatives about the gate are as follows.
in many typical installations, there will be baseboard molding/trim that may get in the way of installing the bottom-most latch receptacle.
it did in my case, even after carefully measuring the proper clearance from the floor, as specified in the assembly directions.
thus, i wasn't able to get the latch receptacle to clear the molding in order to screw in the bottom screw.
i had to thus cut (with a hacksaw) that portion of the latch receptacle, and 'modify' it for my installation.
i then was only able to use 1 screw (although a larger and longer one than provided), instead of 2, to install the bottom latch receptacle.
thankfully, even just the modified 1 screw installation was very tight and secure going into the door jam wood.
'evenflo' should provide the consumer with at least another type of bottom latch receptacle that allows for better clearance of molding near the floor.
besides, most typical homes do have some kind of baseboard molding, and mine was only 1/1/2" high, hardly anything large.
lastly, the assembly directions did not make clear which latch receptacle to use on the top, and which on the bottom.
they are not the same dimensions, as one is thicker than the other (top latch receptacle is thinner than the thicker bottom one).
of course, the aforementioned 'latch receptacle' install challenge may not even apply to you for your installation, especially if you don't have floor baseboard molding.
please, just make sure you do install it correctly (as per the instructions), and never leave your baby alone unsupervised.
my 18 month old cannot break this no matter how hard she tries.
and she has broken pretty much everything else that she can get her hands on.
it was very easy to install.
i drilled mine to the door posts because i didn't want to take any chances with my little one.
my 7 year old niece couldn't figure out how to open this gate, much less the baby.
we have this gate at the entry to the hallway, which is at an angle.
it was easy to install, and it serves it's purpose perfectly!
they took a little time to install (it was a snap the second time around), and they are as sturdy and secure as you can get.
we know it's not going anywhere.
the gate's design ensures that little climbers will not be able to get a lift.
therefore, it's at the top of my stairs... the most important place.
i feel like i could even sit on that gate, and it's no going to budge.when we have guests over, they have trouble opening it, because you have to squeeze really hard, but i like that i have to squeeze really hard... it keeps my child who is now a clever 3.5 year old from being able to open it do this day.
i hate this gate and quality is typical of evenflo.
if i had noticed it was evenflo, i wouuld not have wasted my time.
it was a pain to install.
total pain.
then, when it's unlocked, it slides for adjustment.
the thing is, there is no way to stop it so baby sticks his arm through slates as you open and then you have a broken or badly bruised arm.
we put a screw into the wood so it would slide just a little to help prevent that.
if we had known about the second risk, we would have just taken it down then.
the next morning, it was kid tested.
yeah, all the kid has to do is push the bottom and it comes out of the bracket causing the gate bend foreward.
so far, i have seen my kids push it more than a foot out of position.
major stranglation hazard.
not to mention broken bones.
the wood is so flimsy it just twist every which way.as far as function goes, when you go to unlock it, sometimes it will not unhook out of the slot.
i have had to pratically hang on it to get it open.
when opened, it leans to where a ball would roll for the from to the end of the gate.
not sure how that came about.
we have had this gate for a couple of months.
my 2 yrold can almost squeeze out by pushing on it which has lead to her getting stuck when i made a bathroom break.
not a good gate at all.
evenflo just needs to stop.
every product i have had has been crap.
i am afraid to buy their carseats.
if they can't make a good simple baby gate, i wouldn't trust my child's life to their carseats.
my 15 month old daughter rarely climbs the stairs now, but we often have other children over that do.
with hard tile at the bottom of the stairs, a tumble would be bad.
i wanted a gate at the bottom of the stairs, but not an eyesore that was in the way all the time when not in use.we tried the soft and wide gate and another pressure-mounted gate, but those are a pain...  it takes a lot of time to get them in place securely (kids are rough and can knock or pull them down easily) and then if you want to go up the stairs once you have it in place, you have to climb over it all the time!
not practical...what i love about this gate is that it slides right off of the hinges and stores away in the closet when not in use!
then, when i need the gate, it takes less than a minute to get it out and slide it back into place.this gate is a life-saver for play group days!
once by holding onto the rungs and shaking the gate the other time by grabbing one of the rungs when he tripped.both times the rung popped right out breaking at the top and bottom.
this left a gap in the rungs wide enough for our son to stick his head through which means he could get past the gate if we kept it up (which of course we didn't.)
the walk-through stair gate is one of the less expensive gates i found when searching for a stair gate.
i have been satisfied with the results, but it isn't the greatest quality.
installation was quite simple, and once the gate locks in it is quite secure.
my whole family has had problems opening the gate at one point or the other.
the same problem arises when closing.
you have to make sure the two openings are aligned, or else the gate won't lock properly.
i have found that the metal gates work much better than the wood ones, not only from experience at my house, but at other friends as well.
let me tell you a few reasons why this will be the only baby gate we will buy.1.
all other baby gates become useless as soon as the kids figure out how it works.3.
it's so cheap!these are just the top few reasons why we love this gate.
give it a try.
i love that it slides to the side as well as opens.
was a breeze to install and i feel really safe with the fact that it is a really great hardware mount.
it now slides smoothly without pinching our hands.
i've found the gate to be strong and secure - it has never weakened or popped out when my son tries to stand on it.
so, if you buy it, try rubbing some wax, or something, on it to help in the beginning, because it was pretty dangerous at first.
that will happen with any slotted, sliding gate.
some further negatives i found is that the latch is loud, and it's also difficult for grandma to open and close because she has arthritis in her hands.
and with it being difficult for her to do, she tries repeatedly and the noise is very loud and annoying.
i'm always afraid she's going to wake the kids.
so, if you have your mom at your house a lot, get something easier.
it will save a lot of frustration - for both of you!-----i've had this installed for a little over a week and have seriously pinched my skin twice on it.
what happens is when you unlatch it, you first have to slide the gate in, then swing it out.
there are metal brackets that hold the two halves of the gate together, and in which the horizontal wooden bars slide along to extend and contract (look at the photo - you'll see what i mean).
the sliding movement is quite stiff and hard to do.
i'm sure with use it will loosen, or perhaps i can put some wax on there.
but when you're opening the gate in a rush, as i did today when we were hit with a sudden downpour and i needed to run upstairs to shut the windows, i put too much muscle into getting the darn thing to slide, and the outside of my hand got pinched beneath the metal bracket.
the first time i did this last week my older son woke up yelling for me and i wanted to get upstairs quickly before he woke the baby.
my hand got pinched under that metal part and i thought to myself that i need to be more careful.
but busy parents like us don't have the time to stop and think about being careful when opening a gate.
when we've got screaming kids and rain coming through the windows, the last thing we should have to worry about is hurting ourselves on a safety gate!!
i dont' mean to beat a dead horse, but seriously, that's not good.
the pinch i got today was major painful - i've got a blood blister that's almost half an inch long!
our house is a front to back split.
we have a lot of stairs.
5 openings to stairs!
i had to climb over that at least 100 times a day!
before we also had a gate that just expanded to fit the door way and was attached to walls.
i was always concerned my daughter would fall down the steps if the gate gave way because she would pull herself up on it.
i like that they slide back and forth; it's easier to get through entries.we used wood that matched our stair case so that we didn't have to drill into the post of our railing.
i got this set for my 4 year old and he loves it.
however i give it only 3 stars because the background is small and very flimsy, and the set really smells bad.
every time we open the box there is a very strong unpleasant plastic smell coming from inside the box.
not sure if it's the box it's-self or the contents.
i thought i would air it out a bit so i left the lid off over night, but when i entered the room in the morning the whole room smelled terrible from it.
i really don't like the idea of my kid inhaling the fumes of some unknown plastic chemicals each time he opens the set so it now stays open and stored in the garage.
the mat is pretty small, but cute (it's just a plastic sheet), and the assortment of dinosaurs is adequate.
i like having a storage container for the set so i don't step on dinosaurs!
it's a great deal and comes with a ton of dinosaurs (and love that the name of the dinosaur is printed on the belly!).
round about december 22nd, my three year old daughter started telling everyone she was asking santa for a dinosaur for christmas.
this was a surprise because a- she's the most feminine child ever, and b- i had long since finished my christmas shopping and wasn't planning on buying another thing.
however, i didn't want her to lose faith in santa and ended up searching amazon to see what i could come up with.
this toy got my attention because it was a whole host of dinosaurs with a mat for them to &#34;play&#34; on.
she doesn't get it out quite as often now that it's been a few months, but when she does she's every bit as delighted.
and the dinosaurs are such high quality, i know my ten month old son will be enjoying it in no time.
so the container they come in is a little hard to open and close for small children but no less the fact that it comes in it's own organizational container is very pleasing.
these are nothing more than dinosaur figures but they are very accurate with no odd color combinations like purple with pink spots or something silly like that.
they are made of hard durable plastic.
i think they are slightly expensive for what they are you can buy similar products at the dollar store but those products like the educational value of these ones.
i only give them 4 stars because they are slightly expensive.
he doesn't have much use for the plastic play mat or the rocks, but plays a lot with the dinos and trees!
we keep a bunch of blocks and small cars in there to add tothe scene and creative play.
the mat it comes with is kind of a joke , lasting maybe one day.
but that's no reason to not buy this.like others, we purchased thise elsewhere for much less than the 60-something amazon is currently selling it.
2 stars for bad marketing & items missing.
there is no "play mat," but rather a thin piece of rectangular plastic that is more like an over-size disposable place-mat.
only large enough for half the pieces.
only received 10 out of 12, but not really missing them.half the dinosaurs are very small (1-2 inches) and the other half are more medium range (3-6 inches).
some people commented of the usefulness of the names printed on the undersides, but we have encountered 2 other brands that provide the same labeling, so that appears to be a given with a variety pack.the use of the big names "animal planet" and "toy r us" should be a tip-off.
i would prefer more dinosaurs and less rocks, but oh well.
my three and a half year old loves playing with this set.
the play mat is actually pretty cheap, but my son doesn't seem to care.
it is made of really thin plastic and doesn't stay open all the way since it has been folded.
once you put all the dinosaurs on it, though, it stays down just fine.
just for size reference, the brachiosaurus is 6 1/2 inches tall, and this is the biggest dinosaur in the set.
i was worried that they were going to be kind of small, but they are a perfect size.
for some reason i thought the floor lay out jungle would be something more than cheap plastic similar to a disposable childs bib.
as i am wtitng this review my 5 year old son just re-discovered this set, since i had it at the top of the closet.
he can play hours with this great quality dinosaurs he got for his b-day.
he had a few more, big and small ones that he just added to this set, so it is pretty amazing what he does when he's playing with all of them.
the quality of the mat is awful, but you really don't need the mat for this set.
my daughter is now 7 months old and loves this.
she started going in it about 3-4 months.
she is all over the house, and pushing the buttons.
i would reccomend this to everyone with young children.
this is a lifesaver for me, i put her in it when i hop in the shower in the mornings and she stays in the bathroom rolling around in it, or just sitting there playing with all the buttons..
i love this walker!!!!
my son has used this walker sense he was 4 months old.
yes it is a little loud, but we taped some of thoughse cotton wipes from the hospital over the speaker and now it is perfect.
my daughter likes the sounds and interaction with the toy, but gets frustrated that she is "trapped" and can't roll easily on carpet.
as soon as my son was able to sit up this was his favorite thing to be in.
he could spend hours in this.
i could give him snacks by removing the activity piece and he could run around the entire house snacking.there are rubber stoppers on the bottom of this so that if you have stairs they cant go down them even if they tried.
this was great for when he was outside with it.
we have a concrete steps walkway and he couldnt go down it and hurt himself, something i was not expecting but very useful!
my son learned to walk @ 1 so this did not delay him developely.
also when he used this in the house he couldnt get into a lot of trouble with it(like touching outlets, opening cupboards) because he couldn't reach.
this never frustrated him and i could get a lot done because i didnt have to watch him like a hawk.my son played with this till he was a little over 2 so we got a ton of miles out of it.
he still found it fun at such an older age because he would get a running start in it, then lift his legs for fast back and fourth travel around the house.
i dont know what i wouldve done without it!
this walker is great for tall babies like my son and the toys are enough to keep him busy.
the only issue i have with it is that the legs don't have a very strong system for holding the walker up on it's different levels.
it is made like an exersaucer rather than having "x" bars to go up and down, and one of the back legs won't stay in position.
while it could be an isolated issue, the plastic seems more flimsy than it should be.
also, only the front wheels swivel which i didn't think was a big deal, but it does seem to hinder my son from going in any direction he wants at a given time.
we have had this walker for 2-3 months.
she has snack time in front of the tv in it and i am able to speed clean.
of course, i wouldn't leave her alone in it.
she is pretty active - not walking yet - but she loves to climb.
i don't think she could ever climb out of it, but i'm not going to chance it.we haven't had any problems with it... safety or otherwise...
i started to buy the mini mastreo walker but was turned off by some of the reviews.
the main reason i bought this one is, reviews on that one were mostly displeased with how hard it was to turn.
my girl spins in circles, even on the carpet and on our wood deck!yes, it is bulky, but have you seen a walker that's not?
they have to be so that they can't be tipped over!
the only problem i have with it is... there is not a volume switch.
it is not too loud, but when you've had a rough day and have a nice headache to prove it - keep them away from this toy!
the tot wheels activity center is a good walker for the money.
the price we found to be very comparable to other walkers.
we really didn't notice any pros or cons to this particular walker over others.the main problem that we've run into with both of our daughters is the fact that that they really enjoyed the toys for about 1 month at the maximum.
after that they got bored and soon started fussing to get out and roll around on the floor.our first daughter used the walker part of it for almost a week before again getting tired of it as the fact is, something along these lines is just too tough for a little one to control by themselves.
if you can imagine pushing a shopping cart that wants to go it's own way that's the way it is with the walker.
it's too big and bulky for them to easily steer not to mention the fact that little ones often don't realize what steering is.
the only know walk forward and crawl away when they can't move forward anymore.
with that said, understand that you'll have to walk with them to help them steer.overall i remain convinced that a walker is good for kids to have so they have something other than their parent to hold onto to learn to walk but be prepared to help them walk in it because of the above mentioned bulkiness of the walker and the fact that i've never come across any walker from any company that's been easy enough for a little one to steer and push at the same time.5 stars for the idea and the toys but i had to take 1 star away for the difficulty to steer and another star for the limited time that my daughters used it.
i did my research on a walker and decided on this one thankfully.
very loose.
it rolls well on carpet tile and pavement.i love the fact that it has the removeable noise making device with an on/off switch.
it can get dirty on the tray under the noise device too.my 4 mo.
i love it.
when i go to the gym, i throw it in the back of the truck.
then just take it out of the truck, put the boy in, and roll him right into the gym.
he lets me run on the treadmill for an hour when he's in it.
very handy.
i recieved a similar model to this walker, one without the electronic tray, for my daughter.
my only complaint is the rear wheels are difficult to roll.
unlike the front wheels, the rear wheels are fixed and therefore can only roll straight forward or backward, not side to side.
this sometimes made for difficult maneuvering for my daughter.
overall, it is not a bad walker and i do plan on using it for my next baby due in january only because i do not want to purchase another one.
i would not recommend it though.
there are better walkers out there.
as the mother of six grown children, i realize the importance of a playpen when babies start to explore their environment...we can't watch them every moment.
i ordered this to use at my own home, and have had such a good experience with it that i ordered a second one for her to use at her house.
eazy to pack up and great for playing!
it is a great size too.the only improvement i could even imagine would be more padding on the pad.
colorful and the little bugs on the mesh wall are a great interactive addition; that's a plus plus for me and the over riding reason why we got this specific playpen.
even i want to get in it and play!
the built in activities on the side are the best.
the squeaker is a bit hard to press and sure you will have to do for baby...but the other toys are super!
it was so so so simple to put up!!!
love the bigger size, while not being overwhelming...those smaller play yards just are too small to be used when you need them most...
i am so happy with this play yard.
when  i put my four month old down inside it he looked around then looked up at me and smiled, i kid you not.
the only complaint i have is that the description here on amazon says that the play yard is 38x38.
however when the box arrived it indicated that it is only 36x36, still plenty of space though.
i only paid $49.00 because i have the amazon credit card and get reward certificates to use towards products, so between that and the free shipping i got a great buy for a great product.
thank you amazon and graco!
my 10 mo old grandson seems to like to play in it.
it will keep him entertained for about 30 mins, which is enough to get dinner started or take care of his older brother.
it's really colorful and large and i like the toys on the netting.
he sleeps well in it too.
i came across this pack n play in amazon after searching everywhere for a pack n play that would last my baby for at least the first year.everything i saw at babies r us was too small, so i decided to take a chance on this one.
i was extremely pleased when i received it.it came already assembled, looks beautiful and is big and very durable.
can't beat that.i hightly recommend it.
i did some research before buying this playard and i am very happy i did.
for instance, the butterfly has wings that have foil inside to make squishing sound when you touch the,m.
the other bug, when squeezed, makes a sound, the third one, has rattles in its wings, and finally, the sun is a mirror (not a great one though).
given its price and the fact that it is being discontinued, i highly recommend getting one before they are off the market.
i finally had to break down and replace my 9yr old playpen (that has been used by 4 children).
i was happy to find that graco made a square playpen, not only the smaller rectangular pack n play.
i'm happy that it folds up for travel and storage.
it was obvious he really liked it by the big smiles and how his mind was preoccupied with the play items on the sides and bottom.
it was a difficult first baby shots day and he was hurting on both legs.
i'll positively be back.
i had a rectangular graco before, with all the bells and whistles, which i returned because the changing table couldn't hold the baby's weight.
it is just harder to find sheets but you can find them here at amazon.
easy to set up.
i just wish it had wheels to move around the house.
i have a standard graco pack and play that does not have much room.
i love how much room it has compared to the standard size pack and plays.like the other pack and plays this is easy to fold up and store against the wall.
i hav to do so every night since i live in a smaller house and have a cat that might like to jump in it while we are sleeping and make it his new nap spot.the colors are vibrant and have kept my now 13 month old interested and intrigued.
she loves to play with the butterfly wings and hit the squeaky toy.
it is a generous size without taking up too much room on the floor.
i like that there is more space for kids and their toys.
she has fallen asleep in it many times.not recommended but i have sat in it with her and it is very sturdy, it is very level.
i have had this for about 9 months now and it still looks like new.
i trust the graco name too.
he cries whenever i put him in.
i like it because it is huge and cute.
what i do not like is that it lacks cushion.
it is hard, not soft that i'm afraid when my baby rolls over, e would hurt himself.
i am waiting for my baby to grow up a little more, may be he'll like it when he is already able to stand.
i hope he would.
lots of room to practice/learn crawling.
mat wipes clean and doesn't absorb fluids (pee, drool, drinks; you just wipe them up, don't need to wait for mat to dry or anything).
i think it's rated up to 30lbs (or when the child can climb out, of course).potential drawbacks:-takes up lots of floor space (worth it to me for the extra crawling room).-it has built in noise-making toys on walls: a crinkle wing butterfly & a rattle bumblebee.
neither are very loud, but still, they aren't detachable & might bother some people.
it also has a louder squeaky toy built into the ladybug on one side but i don't think a child could squeak it on their own; in fact my preschooler knows how and isn't strong enough to compress it enough to produce a squeak.
it has to be squeezed from both sides--so maybe if the ladybug was up against a wall the child could press the ladybug into the wall and squeak it, but that's easily solved by putting the ladybug facing out.-mirror is up too high to be seen by a baby until the child can sit up on their own.-once it's assembled it's not simple to move.
apart from the four corner feet, there are four support feet (for a total of 8 feet) and no wheels on any of them.
(but many of the wheeled playpens are so difficult to navigate that you don't move them much either.
)-it's surprising how much it stands out in a regular room--so big and so brightly colorful, it is not going to blend in to most adult decor at all.
i think it also comes in black, though.
the black one may not have the noise-making built-ins, i'm not sure.none of the potential drawbacks bothered me much, but they were a bit of a surprise.
as a bonus it comes in a large box aka "toy" for other youngsters.
;-)update:  we've been using it for 6 months now and love it!
the high walls keep him from climbing out, the extra supporting legs handle it when he jumps, falls or flops down with all his might.
the built in toys on the walls are still in great shape (i'm still the only one who can make the ladybug squeak).
it is just so nice to have a play pen big enough for him to actually play in.
i love this pack n' play.
what a waste.
this is the best pack n' play.
my mom bought one for her house and after i saw how much my son liked it i immediately went out and bought one for myself.
also, it is a lot bigger than most of the other pack n' plays and will come in really handy for holding toys when my son gets a little older.
i definitely recommend this.
i'm a grandma and this is the shape of playpen that was in use when my children were babies except that they were a bit larger (about 42" square play area vs the current 36" square play area).
i find this shape to be less confining than the usual playpens now available that are basically the same thing as putting the baby in a bed.playpens weren't this cute back then, but every bit as handy.
this unit is well built, stable, portable, and easy to fold (once you get the hang of it, it's not exactly intuitive).how could it be better?
i would like the padding to be a little bit thicker, i would like the play area to be a little bit larger (so two babies could play there comfortably, like in the "old" days), and i would like a removable and washable cover to the pad instead of having to make my own.but, this review is based on it being the best that is available now and it living up fully to the product description.
i ordered this for our 4 month old son and when it arrived i opened it up myself and didnt read the directions at first i got frustrated since i couldnt get it together then read them and voila it took me and a freind about 3 minutes to set it up!
i recently bought this for my 8 month old daughter after researching a lot of playpens online and talking to several of my mommy friends.
has a base that sits above the floor) and that it has some built-in toys.
it also is very easy to fold and unfold.
we bought a graco travel lite portacrib for my daughter when she was three months old for traveling with and while it was great when we could use it as a bassinet, as soon as we put her down in the crib section she hated it (tough "mattress", very small - but exceptionally light &lt;20 lbs).we usually stay somewhere that has a crib, but if we took a car trip i would definitely bring this with both for sleeping and playing.i agree with the other reviewers that i wish this came with a sheet (or that graco even made a sheet for this).
that being said, it only took me about 10 minutes to make a fitted sheet for this on my sewing machine (it looks something like a large european pillow case).
just got this playpen a few days ago.
set it up without instructions in under 2 minutes, and i'm 6 months pregnant which makes some things a challenge.
she's just learning to sit on her own and i was very pleased to see when she fell back she did not cry - the floor pad is thick and soft so it cushioned her head.
i like that because she did fall backwards once in her gym (placed on the carpet) and was very upset.
with this i know if she falls back she won't get hurt.
it's very colorful and she really seems to enjoy her time in it.
let me state at the onset that this pack n play was a little above my price range.
i was hoping to pay for something around $75 at the most.
i basically have it solely for that purpose - the changing table.
with the holidays coming and some overnight stays expected, i wanted one that was easy to put together and fold up and go quickly.
i read numerous reviews on amazon on several pack n plays.
i kept coming back to this one mostly b/c of the bright colors.
i was basically sold when i read one review that stated a 14 year old put this together in less than a minute.
now that's what i'm talking about!
i'm a single mom and have absolutely no patience for something that is complicated.
my mom and i put the graco pack n play with the changing table together and it was very difficult.
i think it took over an hour to put together with another person.
the review i read was dead on.
i took the totbloc pack n play out of the box and had it together within 2 minutes.
she has not slept in it yet since i only got it today.
the bottom is fairly quilted and i don't think she will have a problem with napping in it.
i'm sure we will be using this for a long time.
baby gets plenty of entertainment and the product is big enough for him to really move around.
perfect, i love the fact it is bigger then the pack and plays but folds up just like a pack and play.
awesome toys!!!
set up takes less than a minute and great as a portable playard.
the colors are bright and cheerful.
still using this... its big and he doesn't mind going in it for me to shower.
we also have used it to help him calm down, if he throws a fit we just sit him in with a toy and tell him when he is ready we will get out.
then we get back out, also when i tell him i want him to go in so i can take a shower he goes to it and waits to be put in.
so he definately doesn't mind.
he likes the toys in it too, wheres the baby (the mirror) was a favorite.
i got it for my husband who is a penn state grad and there is more than an attachment to his alma mater with this one.
basically look for the ones in the "stripes series" by raschel.
we have used it only once to travel, it was easy to asemble, the parts seem to be of really good quality, the colors and decoration are nice.
our baby slept and played in it during our 3 day trip, i was able to move it around the house were we stayed with no problem.
the mat seems to be a little thin but a couple of blankets wrapped around it made it seem much more comfortable to sleep in it.
because is larger than the average our baby was very comfortable and had plenty of room to move around, the downside is that it makes it a little heavy, not a big deal unless you're planning to hike mount everest with it.
disassembling it was a breeze and packing it was pretty straight forward.
i'll recommend this product.
it folds up and unfolds easily and the case that comes with it is really going to come in handy when we go on vacation.
=)
when i was first looking for playards i was becoming pretty dissapointed because all of them made it clear you could only use it with 1 baby.
she said they are really rough in it at the same time and nothing is wrong with it at all.
i think they just put the guidelines to be over safe.anyhow, this was the biggest one and had so many good reviews i decided to get it.
i actually bought mine used and it was like new.
i took clorox spray anywhere and cleaned the mat, the bugs & the top rails.
it wiped right off & the fabric wasn't even wet, it is sort of water resistant.i started putting both my twins in here before they could sit up on their own.
i think we'll be able to use this for a long time.
both my girls are 11 months old right now and can pull themselves up just enough to chew on the top rails.so if you're looking for something to use with twins, definately buy this.
it has the double on top but your babies will outgrow it pretty fast and then you're stuck with a pretty small playard for twins.
if i ever have to contain a potential bio-hazard, this is what i use.
my 10 month old thinks it's a prison.
she will tolerate it for about 10-15 minutes at a time, which is fine because it buys me some time where i don't have to worry about her safety.
i first introduced her to the playpen when she was about 7 months old.
i think she found all of the characters at the bottom to be frightening, but she was fine after i put the sheet on.
i'd hoped she'd grow to spend more time in the playpen, but tolerates it less and less as she becomes more mobile.
i really like the built-in toys and bright colors.however, i bought it for our vacation as a place to play and sleep.
unfortunately, the pad is somewhat uncomfortable and the sheets (must be purchased from company other than graco) cause the pad to be a little lumpy.
my daughter would also wake up and want to play with the toys in the middle of the night and then had a hard time going back to sleep.although i love the size of it, it is quite awkward to move around when open since it is heavy and large.still worthy of 4 stars since it does what is says it will do.
we were quite excited to find this product - thought it was like the  type of playpen from 20 years ago to use for a child.
there was no weight limit and the only height limit on the website was when the child was big enough to climb out - from both amazon and from graco, so it was perfect for our larger baby.lots of disappointment when the package was opened and we discovered that is has the same limits (in the owner's manual) as the regular pack-n-play.
between when i ordered in and when it was delivered, the words pack 'n play were actually added to the title of it.luckily, amazon seems to be pretty good about taking it back, but we are quite disappointed.
there simply isn't enough space in an nyc apartment to fit such a large pack and play.otherwise, it is a nice play yard with appealing colors that our daughter seemed to like.
i use their other graco pack and play as storage for their toys since it seems a little too small for 2 kids.although the bright colors are fun for kids, i'd like to see more neutral versions of this so it doesn't stick out so much in my living room.
fantastic product.
our child loves playing in this pack 'n play.
the sun has a mirror (plastic kind that sort of warps images), the butterfly has crinkly wings (fabric with plastic inside for noise), another side has a bug with wings inside and the final side has a squeaker (which is really hard to use).it's all one piece so no &#34;assembly&#34; ever required.
the ground mat that the child sits on servers as the exterior of the case that holds the pole-assembly together when folded up.
and there's a light-plastic zipper bag with handle that serves as a carrying case.
my husband and i like to just try to figure things out and read instructions only after we are dumbfounded.
it was kind of funny for about 90 seconds, then we had to read the instructions, which, it turns out, work.
i kept trying to squeeze it but there is a button on the underside that has to be pushed up into the handle.
this pack n' play feels plenty sturdy to me.
it's nice that it has a carrying case with strap.
we used this as a place to stash twin babies at home when they were too small for bouncy chairs and swings and such.
they got their tummy time and social time in it, although the pad is a bit slick for them to try to push with their feet to turn over, so a towel helps.
we also use it as a pack n' play when traveling for them to sleep in.
i wish it was just a bit smaller when folded, as i thought it would fit on the floor of the passenger seat, but it has to go in the trunk.
really the best product for the kid .
soft and hard enough at the same time.
i have been looking for the play yard that i had for my children.
the other pack and plays are too small.
i don't understand why they don't sell these in stores all the time.
i live in hawaii and have been trying to buy one of these for three years.
no one would ship to hawaii.
when, i saw it on amazon.
i was amazed and decided to try to order it.
i was really shocked as i was going through checkout.
and, amazingly they were letting me order it.
the shipping was really cheap.
my grandson was put in there immediately to see his reaction.
thank you amazon for having this wonderful product.
and, of course shipping it to me.
i am going to order one more.
just totally love it.
i was able to pull this out of the box and put it together and less than a minute.
it is very colorful and the toys are very cute.
the bottom pad is cushioned but not very much.
i think it is soft enough for naps and play time though.
my 8 month old played in there last night and scooted his bottom around in there and played with the toys for about an hour.
this is a larger playpen that would be hard to move from room to room.
it is 3 feet by 3 feet w/ no wheels on the bottom.
i have it set up in the corner of the living room where i will keep it.
there is noting about this that i do not like.
my only change would be to have a cover that was washable for the bottom, but luckily i do not have a baby that spits up.
i like this pack n play.
the only problem i have is that the middle kind of sinks in so unless your baby is a highly experienced sitter, it is tough for them to balance b/c it's slanted in towards the center.
that was a nice little surprise.
he is fascinated with the decor, even the butterflies on the bottom.
my baby loves to stay inside to play with bee and lady bug when she was small like 6 months old.now she is 17 months old, sometimes i need to get things done so i put her in and give her some toys she still can play by herself, of course she sometimes complaints by yelling since she wants my attention, but i love this piece it helps me to get things done while she is in my sight, since i can fit this pc in my kitchen
i love, love, love this play pen, its money will spent, it roomy and colourful, would defin.
recommend.
it makes noises as well.
so babies love colorful things, no big surprise that she will love this play yard.
but i've noticed that she does get a bit overstimulated with all the pictures on the bottom and her toys actually get lost on the mat because they blend in with it.pros: it's easy to put together and take apart, it's relatively light, it's colorful, has built in toys, and is stable.cons: the base of the play yard slopes inward, makes it hard for my baby to crawl and flip over and all her toys roll right into the center.
i sort of fixed that by putting something under the center leg.
the other negatives are that it's too colorful on the bottom and has too many pictures so the toys blend in.
also, it's not pvc, phthalate free.
i emailed the company and asked them about chemical fire retardants.
i don't know if anyone cares, but the foam mattress is treated with chemicals - chlorinated tris.
it was banned in baby clothes by the fda, and is banned in europe because it's cancerous.
since the cover of it is porous and is not waterproof, i feel like the chemical can easily get in my daughter's lungs, especially since she loves to suck on fabric.
so i sent the yard back.
i'll be buying a joovy, they don't use chemical fire retardants.
that was actually the biggest drawback for me.
ever since i purchased this play pen for my grandson, it has been used every weekday.
it goes up about 8 a.m. and down about 4:30 p.m.
i like the netting one the sides and the padding on the floor and rail.
also, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to set it up or take it down.
and, it is bigger than the beds that turn into play pens in the graco line.
why do i love this play pan?
very simple:1.
large with lots of space (my grandson crawls around).
my grandson looks at it and want to jump from my arms inside of the pan.4.
as soon as i opened the box, i could tell by the voc's that this playard was treated with chemicals.
i called graco to confirm that it is indeed treated with fire retardants.
in addition, some of the characters on the side panels contain vinyl...like the entire face of the sun is pvc.
why would you let your child play, let alone sleep in this toxic chemical stew.
i called joovy about their room2 playard.
it's the same size but quite a bit more expensive.
the representative told me it was not treated with fire retardants.
he had outgrown his regular pack and play.
i found this on amazon and decided to give it a try.
i love this bed.
it does take up some room but it was amazing when we were traveling.
i did put down dome padding because the mat isn't that comfortable however i would definitely recommend.
the butterfly's wings are also extended inside the playpen and they offer the sound of paper being crinkled.
the ladybug has a squeak toy inside its body to create its own unique sound and the sun has a mirror for a child's enjoyment.
there is no need to worry that the toys will be lost.besides the toys, the other reason kid's love the graco tot block with bugs is for its bright colors.
babies seem more entranced with this playpen than with the plain colored playpens.
they like looking at the bright colors and playing with the interactive, built- in toys on the sides of the playpen.like other pack and plays, graco tot block folds up for easy storage.
once the pad has been wrapped, the entire unit then slips into a plastic bag with a zipper to keep it shut.
this is simple enough, but i have noticed that this pack and play weighs a little more than others and it is also a little more awkward to remove and set up.
but this is only a minor inconvenience because it can still be set up with little effort.with all of the stimulation offered with this playpen, there is one possible disadvantage: it could keep your child from falling asleep.
if your goal for buying this playpen is strictly to have a place for your youngster to play, then the added stimulation will be an asset.
but if you want to place your child in the playpen for a quick nap, you might have some difficulty due to the attention- grabbing colors and interactive toys.
these toys cannot be removed from the walls of the playpen so they could definitely create a distraction that could prevent some kids from falling asleep.graco recommends this playpen for smaller kids up to approximately two years of age.
if your child is older, then you should not use this playpen because he/she might be able to climb out.
also, even though there is no defined limit for the number of kids who can play inside this device, i think it should be limited to two.
any more than two and the kids will begin to get frustrated with the constant bumping into each other.overall, this is a very good pack and play from graco and it ranks among my child's favorite playpens.
the colors and interactive, built in toys make it a favorite among all kids and while it does weigh a little more than other pack and plays and does require more effort to unpack and set up, it still makes a good choice for parents of small children.
the interactive toys can't get lost and the unit's bright colors make it appealing to children and adults alike.
i have three kids.
everything goes into his mouth - dust bunnies, little scraps of paper my other two kids overlooked when they cleaned up after playing with paper, anything.
i'm worried he will eventually find a little toy like a squinkie, or something will fall off of a counter, and he will get it.
he also pulls the kitchen chairs over on him, so we have them bungie corded to the table legs.
of course we will still give him supervised time to roam, but we needed him to have a safe place to go other than his excersaucer.
now that he crawls and cruises he is not content in his excersaucer for more than a couple of minutes.
he would much rather play under the excersaucer.
we let him check out the playpen from the outside before we put him inside so he would be intrigued.
i purchased some new toys to put in it too so he will have something new to play with in there.each of the sides has a toy on the mesh.
one crinkles when it is touched and another is a mirror.
they seem to each have elements that are popular in baby toys.i also got another of the same playpen for my parents house.
they have a dog that chews his toys (and the baby's) to bits.
and their floor is not clean enough for a baby to crawl on.the playpen sets up and folds down just like the smaller pack and plays.
it is essentially the same thing.
buy this pack n play!!
it was so simple to assemble, it took only about 3 minutes from box to being put up, and some of that time was to remove the tags.
only three parts, just the frame, the folding padded floor, and the carrying bag.
it is roomy, has plenty of padding, and has 9 legs for a strong and even base.
it is great for sleeping away from home, and great for playtime, because there is enough room for baby to crawl around and sptill have plenty of room for toys in with him.
you can purchase sheets for sleeping, but you won't need extra padding or an extra mattress, it's soft enough.
it's easily moved from room to room.i put a different pack n play together a few months ago from the same company and it was a nightmare!
be very careful using this play pen.
he was plaing in the play pen wiggling his legs against the walls of the play pen.
apparently the walls in the play pen are made from a very rough netting and scrubbed the skin off my babies toes.
at first i couldn't understand why he had blood on his toes but then we noticed blood lines on the white netting.
from now on he is only allowed to play inside when his shoes are on.
my only gripe is if the baby were to puke on the mat there's no way to wash the entire thing, just spot clean.
to solve this problem one has to buy a covering/sheet to cover the playpen surface.
sheets are hard to find, and expensive to purchase and ship.
our family loves this product!
it was very easy to set up and assemble the first time.
directions very easy to follow and took only minutes to assemble.
it has very easy to clean fabric.
just wipe it down.
the size and height of this product is just perfect.
this product has held up to alot of use for over a year and still looks new!
it came with a reusable bag to store it in and make for easy carry in car.
also, we found no safety issues w/this product.
i did alot of research before choosing this product and this one meets our high standards.
overall i adore this playpen.
it is bright, well made and sturdy but the reason i gave it 3 stars is that it has a terrible slope toward the center.
our baby tries to roll over and always rolls back into the center where it is low.
one time she rolled to the center placing her head lower than her feet.
this scared me so i feel we can only use it when we are sitting right beside the playpen watching her.
january 2013.
love this pack n play!!
there are toys built into the mesh walls which provide easy entertainment.
it's very easy to put up and take down.
we got the black and grey pack 'n' play that goes well with our home decor, then my parents picked up this pack 'n' play for their home.
our daughter hated the pack 'n' play we had and loved theirs so we ended up getting one too.
i love it because it is a square and much larger than the plain one we had.
i can't express how much i love this play yard.
my son has been using and playing in this since he was 5 months old and he is 15 months old now.
the bright colors, designs, and toys caught his attention right away.
when i put him in other play yards we have, he won't stay in it long and wants to come out right away, but when we put him in this play yard he is completely distracted and has fun playing in it with his other toys.
i would definitely recommend this to anyone!
just like so many other reviews, i highly recommend this playard.
it is easy to set up and take down.
it is a decent size and the quality seems fine, so it should last awhile.
i bought a sheet made to fit the square playard, so we can use it for resting too.
for play time, it's great.
i love this product in all respects, except for the four paneled padded flooring.the design of it tends to not lay flat, once you put a sheet or a cover on it.this is a real flaw in the design.
just get the help of another person to secure thevelcro straps, and you will be all set.
not the best for napping, as thebaby will continuously play with the built in side toys.
some of the toysrattle and crinkle, and once baby finds the party, they will not want to laydown to nap.
i am very thankful i chose this particular pack-n-play.
it is a little heavy, but they all are to me.
sheets that fit this particular model are pricey, though, as it's not the average rectangular shape.
my daughter loves it and so do i!
i read all the reviews on the pack and plays and found that the reviews on this one were all great.
i do not have a child but i watch my nephew very frequently (every other weekend).
i wanted something that could be both a place to sleep and a place to play.
with its bright colors and toys built in my nephews face turned to smiles.
he is so comfortable that when he is done playing and tired he will put his head down to sleep.
he plays with the toys on the pack n play more then the toys in the pack in play.
set up was a breeze.
before buying this pack n play we borrowed my brothers.
and take down, you prayed before you start that all the pieces snap apart and it will take you less then 20 minutes.
with this pack n play it takes a minute, parts snap and unsnap quickly it is the true pack n play.
the bag is a little cheaply made then other bags i've seen but fits perfectly.
the padding on the bottom of the pack n play is thicker then others i have seen.
it is larger then other pack n plays so you will have a hard time finding bedding and sheets that fit it properly.
my daughter is long so it was perfect.
i haven't had her in here during the day but i'm sure she'll love the cartoons printed.
i bought it as a second bed for when she's at her grandma's knowing that she'll be able to fit in it for a while.
it has the great colors and added toys on it to keep him happy and busy.
if you're like me you may have gone back and forth between this graco and the delta (novel) playard.
i ended up buying them both for my twins and here is the comparison.ease of setup--they both take about a minute to put up.
the graco was slightly easier to push the middle down that pops it all i to place.weight & sturdiness--the graco feels lighter than the delta (a good 5 lbs+), but the delta feels a bit sturdier when set up, and seems slightly more durable.shape--the graco is very squared off, and the delta is square on bottom but curves inward as it goes up so the top railings are in a more round shape.
the pad also lays flat, but you do get a slight dip in the middle after a baby has been in there for a while.
the padding is not as thick feeling as the graco, but the pad itself is more water and stain proof of a material than the graco.
even though it's not as padded feeling it feels sturdier.
the graco has built in toys on each side of the mesh; whereas the delta has the animals printed on the mesh.price--the graco is more expensive than the delta.all in all they are both nice.
i think the better one depends on what you are planning on using it for.
if it's going to be up all the time at your house or daycare, etc.
i think the delta is built sturdier and will be more durable with continued daily use.
if you are using it to bring around with you places (hotel, camping, on the back deck, grandma's, etc).
then i would go for the graco because it is much lighter to lug around, and has built in toys so if you forget to bring some there is still toys for baby to play with.
this play yard is brightly colored which my son loves, it takes a bit of getting use to for breaking it down and putting it up.
and i love how the mat in it is easy to clean.
and we love how it has more room than most that are from the stores where we live.
i actually called up graco to ask if the hard surface on the bottom was safe for a toddler to bump his head against as he's trying to walk & move around.
they seemed to think it was perfectly fine, but i don't feel good about leaving him unattended.
they should either have a more cushioned mat that comes with the pack & play or at least sell one that's optional.
my son comes to work with me and i keep him in here when he's active - sleepy.
i've had it now for almost a year.
i purchased this square playpen for an 8 month and 18 month old (not at the same time of course).
i have purchased a few pack n plays rectangular and a few of these square playpens.
you would think they are the same, but they are not.
the pack n plays are great for naps, (i would say 18 months and younger), and easy to transport and some come with a bassinet for babies.
i have used those strictly for naps, as they are not that stable or large enough for play.
easy to set up, take down.
perfect for when you need to get something done.
the 18 month child seems perfectly content playing and falling asleep in it, whereas the pack n play, he hated it.
couldn't stand up without falling down.gives you the much needed break so you can get things done.
since this is for short terms during the day and i give him some toys, he doesn't mind it.
then i put him in a portable crib for sleeping.
it is a little heavier than the pack n plays rectangular.
it is not something i would take along where i had to carry it very far.
but it does pack up the same as the pack n plays, and you could transport it to a grandparents house, or babysitter, or the park.
just a little heavier and larger than the pack n plays.
this has been a lifesaver!!
in my opinion, works better than using those portable plastic pens.
i tried that, didn't last long.
wouldn't go back to that, and have no problems recommending these square playpens.the ones i purchased came with a thick padded mat.
it is very substantial and seems to work fine.
however, i guess you could add padding underneath if you needed to.this is perfect if you wanted something for a grandparents house, it could be used for play or sleeping and then easily stored away taking little room.
these square ones do not have wheels, so if you needed something really portable, you might want the rectangular.
if you are using for both play and sleep, i would suggest limiting the time the child is in the pen, so they see that as more of a rest area than confinement.
we bought this together with some fitted pack n play (graco square play yard) from sheetworld on amazon (if anyone is interested) and the sheets totally fit the square pad that comes with the playpen.
we also made an extra padding cushion so it would be comfortable for our son to sleep in.
:) you will not dissapoint.
but i already have another pack and play and i read it was big and cost 100 dollars so i placed it on my private wish list.
what i love about it?
well.......it's so nicely colored, screams cuteness all over, and it's very easy to set up and take down.
i also love how spacious it is and i have fun playing peek-a-boo with my little one too!
i love that it's made well and expect to use it for a while.
this playpen is just way too adorable!
gives kids more play room than the average playpen.
she loves the various objects on the sides and the different noises and such they have to offer.
we haven't traveled with it so can't comment on the transportability.
the pad that comes with is not waterproof and even with a thick quilted cover under the sheet tinkle still leaks through to the pad so i suggest getting a plastic cover for under the sheet.
i love these because they are really convenient and easy to use.
we have it by our pool (baby gated) under the overhang so we can enjoy the pool and sun and yet have lo out there playing or asleep at the same time.
it is very convenient.
i do not like the cleaning issues.
it is hard to clean and though it is billed &#34;pack n play&#34; like it is the &#34;umbrella stroller&#34; of play yards, it is hardly that easy to just fold and run.
that being said, this pack n play stinks as a napping or travel crib.
it's large, bulky, the foam bottom is thin and not very comfy for baby to sleep on, and there is no mattress option for a pack n play this size!
every time she rolled around, it would make the rattle toy attached to the walls of the pack n play move.
it actually woke her up, and it was a long night.
i wouldn't recommend this for anyone wanting this to double as a napping crib.if i had to do it all over again, i would have gone with the joovy like i originally planned.
i'm an older mom (40+) who did a lot of babysitting as a teen and remembers what big, square playpens used to be like...not the cramped, rectangular things everyone has now.
our 10-month-old daughter loves it - we have it in our kitchen so we can set her in it for a few minutes while we use the stove or chop up food (cases where, for obvious reasons, we wouldn't want her underfoot).
she can see us, we can talk with her, and she has plenty of room to practice pulling herself up and walking along the edges (and falling on her bum on the padded floor).
an all-around great product!
it's such a good deal for the money.
it makes the other playyards look like a joke!
most other playyards are dark and the mesh is dark so your baby can't see out and therefore wants to get out asap.
folds up easily and not too heavy to carry around if you want to take it.
love this pack n play.
takes literally 30 seconds!
great value for money too.
we were intitally given a second-hand one (used at our home business) and loved it so much we bought a second one for home.reason for only 4 stars - i just wish the floor had a little more padding.
but after researching, this is the best play yard i could find.
it's pretty spacious compared to typical other playpen
i have had this pack n' play for a few weeks now and my son seems to enjoy it.
we use it for quick corralling, not prolonged play time.
theirs is about half the size and seems almost as heavy.-the square shape on the totbloc is nice, too because he can move around a bit in there and actually get somewhere instead of just rolling over once and hitting the end.-there is no listed weight limit on this, only a height limit.
that was a major deciding factor for my big boy!overall i think it's a great product for the price.
we got this for my baby when she was about 7 months and getting mobile so we needed somewhere to put her if we needed to do something without holding her.
it is the standard length of a traditional playpen, but the width is the same as well which gives babies much more space to crawl around in and play than the typical playard.
it is very simple to put up and take down.
it is very sturdy and the bottom mat has tabs that snap into the base of the frame for extra stability.
the colors are bright which is good for the baby but doesn't exactly fit into my home decor.
the squeek is really hard to press so i often hold my hand on one side of the pen for stability and press on the other side but that is only an extra feature so i'm not really disappointed.
the pad seems comfy and she will be able to nap in it.
i am very happy with this product.
my son crawls around like crazy.
when i'm in the kitchen cleaning up or fixing dinner i can't always be watching him so this is perfect.
he hangs out and plays or stands up and (tries) to talk to me.
i don't keep him in here for a long period of time because i feel that he needs to be a kid and crawl around too.
it's easy to pack up too.
i took it to the park with me.
it's a "must have".
she is able to play independently and you don't have to worry.
my only complaint is that although you can remove the bottom pad, the cover on it is not removeable or water proof, so there is no way to wash it and feel like it's "clean".
there are sheets for this square play yard to purchase separately, but they aren't all that cheap and sheets themselves are not waterproof.
so if your baby soils through his diaper onto the mattress, or your toddler has a barf-fest, good luck trying to get that smell out.
poop and puke requires the washer.
and you're not able to do that with this pad.
we bought it last week and it was so easy to set up - i only looked at the help on the back of the mat once when i could not figure out why the fourth rail would not lock - turned out they do not lock if the floor is all the way back.
pulling the center up just an inch allowed to lock it and the babe went in.
he instantly loved it - he can see everyone through the mesh, he loves playing with wings of two butterflies (rattle and crinkle) and  tries to pick the smiley faces from the mat or kiss them.
at 7,5 months old, he enjoys up to an hour  in it playing there on his own (he is not really crawling yet but learned to sit up on his own and can roll around it to reach toys and wings on the side panels.
i read some reviews that the floor is not too even, but i did not notice it with mine.
she loves it!
it's practical, sturdy and so easy to set up and take down.
the colors are bright and cheerful and the attached &#34;toys&#34; are so cute&#34;.
we have a sizable great room, which is child-proofed and gated off from the rest of the house.
we had a regular pack-n-play, but it seemed cramped.
it's roomy enough for him to spread out with a few books or toys, and entertain himself for long enough that we can put away groceries, cook a meal, or do a load of dishes.
everyone's happy!
i totally recommend this especially for big babies as well.
totally recommend it!!!
we've found that the carters jersey knit crib sheets can stretch to fit over the floor in this pack 'n play, which gives us the option of having a washable surface.
the bright colors don't exactly blend with our household decor, but we'll live.
very cute and bright gender neutral play yard.
easy to put up and take down.
it is very durable and well made to last.
which is nice when something lasts and you can use for more then one baby.
i recently bought this for 7 month old daughter who is just starting to crawl.
it means i can go to the bathroom in peace and get some chores done knowing she is safe and amused.it is super easy to put together - it literally takes less than a minute - take out of the box - unfold it and it clicks into place.
i would guess this could also double as a crib for the weekend house - ie - for a night or two at a time.highly recommend for the 7 - 10 month phase of baby's development.
the base is also attractive with lots of colors for baby to 'discover'.there is a play thing on each side - crinkly butterfly, mirror, squeezy sound making ladybug, and rattly bee.
it's large - about 38in square so you'll need some room to place it.
the flipside is that baby has plenty of room to play.
you can store baby's toys in there and still they space to play.it has mesh sides for airflow and so that parents can see in and babies can see out.
it's relatively quick to fold away for travel due to a button on each top arm which 'folds' that side.
a very neat idea.
however, that's where the good stuff ends because there are two major flaws with this product.why do manufactuers insist on producing fabric based items for a baby that cannot be washed ???
why oh why do they not make the fabric removable - do they not know that kids make a mess ???
duh !!!
how is one supposed to remove spit-up and drool (and possibly worse!
)?it's perhaps the most important thing in any piece of baby equipment; be it a chair, car seat, pushchair, crib, or playpen.
the fabric should be removable for washing.the second issue is that the base pad is only about 3/4 in thick.
that in itself is not so much of an issue as the fact that when it's placed inside the playpen, it 'dips' in the middle - by about 1/2in.
the centre strut /leg that holds the pad sems to be lower than the other legs  causing a dip in the middle (and yes it's on a flat surface).
although baby hasn't yet 'rolled' into the center, it's not very comforting knowing that the center is not flat.
perhaps the pad should have been thicker - better yet the center leg should have been the same size as the others.for what we paid, i don't think it's worth the money - especially considering that the pad can't be cleaned without using chmical cleaners (which we don't intend to use around baby).
little over priced but it's safe and durable so we enjoyed it while it was needed.
i like that this has more room than the standard rectangular graco pack 'n plays.
it's easy to set up and works well.
i love this pack n play!
the other ones that are rectangular and fancier did not work for us (and they were twice the price)....
it is larger than an average pack n play, which was nice when she slept.
(apparently, the sides are also fun for teething babies to chew on, but what isn't?)
bought this play-yard to be both a place for my 7-month old grandson to sleep during his visit as well as a temporary 'holding pen' for putting him down for a moment.
he slept comfortably at night, and was fascinated by the butterfly and other adornments on the mesh walls of the play-yard when awake.
i recommend this product.
when my daughter started rolling, it was time for a little containment -- but grandma bemoaned the fact that none of the standard play yards had as much space as the playpens of my childhood.
(you remember, the massive wooden ones moms would schlep from house to beach to park?)
so looking for roomy containment plus the convenience of a portable play yard, there was only one viable candidate: the graco packnplay bugs.
there's room enough for my 7-month-old and a hundred toys, it folds easily into its shoulder bag, cleans up in a snap and the price is great.
best of all, and unlike most play yards, it's fun; my girl could spend an hour just batting at the colorful bugs on the walls (all make sounds) and floor or giggling at herself in the built-in mirror.
i was looking for something for my 7 month old daughter to keep her safe when i need to leave the room.
i wanted something large and that i could travel with for her to sleep in.
i think for the price this is well made.
when my son was a little baby, we pulled out the mat and hooked up the toy dangler and he was amazed for hours.
we set it up in the hotel room and it worked perfectly.
it also saved us the money of having to rent a crib at the hotel.
this one is so easy!
after our son discovered yet another non-child-friendly item on the floor of our home and hoarded it in his mouth for hours (unbeknownst to us), my wife and i decided we wanted another prison--i mean "play yard"--for our son to roam around in because apparently we're terrible at the whole concept of baby-proofing.so i found this item on amazon and, through my sleeplessness, thought the dimensions were 9' x 9'--sounded like a steal for $90.
we ordered this one and i was a bit dismayed when the box showed up and it turned out to be another pack n' play.
like probably most other parents, we already have the obligatory pack n' play.
i told my wife and she was more than a bit dismayed: another pack n' play she did not want.
(she also wondered how i thought the dimensions were 9' by 9', but that's another story.
)well, we could have returned it with the free returns, but after we got it set up and plopped our son it in, we were hooked and so was he.
here's why it's ten times better than your average pack n' play:1.
the colors are so vibrant--reds, blue, green, yellow--as opposed to the muted colors you often see on a pack n' play.2.
each wall of the pack n' play has a different feature: for instance, one wall has a ladybug that squeaks; another has a butterfly that moves and rustles; another has a bee that also moves and rustles; and another has a sun with a mirror on it.
although the mirror is not the fanciest mirror i've ever seen, it keeps our budding narcissist fascinated for minutes at a time.3.
it's sturdier than any pack n' play i've seen, and the walls don't budge when he stands up in it, but it's also squishy enough to withstand falls.
though not 9' x 9', it's bigger than any pack n' play i've ever seen.
(note: i've heard this can cause problems if you're using it for sleep, because it can be harder to find sheets that fit, though apparently you can find people who make special square sheets instead of the standard rectangular sheets.)5.
our son actually likes going in there, unlike his other pack n' play (or--god forbid--his north states superyard play yard--you'd think we'd sent him to guantanamo bay).overall, it really just looks like a fun, happy, and bright place to be in, and it's well made and looks like it will last for a while, and perhaps most importantly, our son doesn't fuss when we put him in there, and, to state the obvious, putting him in there keeps him away from the unmentionable hazards on the floors of our home.
so although i don't think you need two pack n' plays, i'm not too sad that i made the reading error and ordered this one by mistake, because this particular pack n' play is awesome.to sum it up, if you're going to buy one pack 'n play, buy this one, because it's the clear winner.
this is a great product for both non-breastfed and breastfed (suggest use after about a month so baby is used to nursing and milk supply is established) babies.
the nipples are a little larger than some babies may prefer but are closer to the breast than most other bottles.
plus the disposable liners make cleaning so much easier and faster.
i love the way the cap compresses the nipple so you can be sure there will be no accidents while mixing formula, except for the orthodontic nipple which has the little hole on one side, but we don't really use that one, so it doesn't matter to us.that being said, i must warn you it does not come with the easy-feed bottle like the description says and that's the main reason i got this set, otherwise i would've gotten the prettier ones.
apparently they don't make the easy feed anymore.i still gave this bottles five stars cuz they're the best we've tried.
we have a zillion nipples and just a few bottles so we only replace the nipples on the nursers and we're good to go.
these are one of only a few brands of bottles out there that has a variety of nipples so if your baby doesn't like one nipple, you can try the others.
most other bottles only offer one nipple and if your baby doesn't like it, you have to buy a completely different set of bottles.these bottles are also interchangeable with the playtex premium bottles, so you can have a variety of colors and designs.get an extra box of liners for each size.these are easy to clean, just toss the liner and wash the bottle in warm, soapy water.
not scrubbing with a bottle brush to get the lump of formula out of the bottom.
:c)
i like these bottles better than the premium nursers.
here's why:1.
they don't break as easily when dropped (or thrown!)2.
the clear domed caps on the premiums don't work with the orthodontic nipple, and that's all i use.i would have rather received 2 of these sets instead of one of the premium sets i got.
i do,however, wash the liners sometimes to re-use or i'd be in bankruptcy...publix and walmart and other stores have liners you can use when the playtex gets to be too expensive!
he was able to hold them by himself when he was three months old.
so far we have not used the 8-oz bottles but maybe in the future.
we used the slow flow for several months, so those were useful, but the fast flow were way too fast and we needed something in-between.
since my 1st child to my new grandson, i do not remember ever having a bottle be more easy on the stomach and prevent colic.even my colicky babydid the very best when i used these.
nothing else has ever done better and these are less hassle in the cleaning area and while you have to keep buying the inserts,they are affordable,i bought the others but they are just ideasmd's helped develop, doesn't mean they work as well, 'cuz they don't!!
!i'd go with playtex every time.
i like these smartly-designed bottles a lot.
they have reduced my son's colic and gas discomforts dramatically by reducing the amount of air he takes in while feeding.
the original nursers are made from polypropylene, which is a bpa-free plastic.
the liners are also bpa-free although i'm not sure what kind of plastic they are manufactured from.
unlike some other corporations in the baby products industry, playtex baby is serious about customer support.
i have called the customer service number several times now and have gotten to talk to a knowledgeable person in every instance.
if you want to experiment with these bottles to see if they will work for you, i would suggest that you stop in at target or walmart.
unfortunately, the trial bottles that come with silicone nipples are the premium nursers, which are made from polycarbonate, a non-bpa-free plastic (this isn't necessarily a deal breaker for me because the milk never comes into contact with the polycarbonate).
my 6 week old hated bottles until these came in.
even my husband is able to feed him with ease (breastfed babies are picky!).
i love how easily i can store unfinished breast milk.
i recommend this to everyone.
i used these with my first daughter almost 7 years ago (although they were not bpa free back then...that was before it became a big deal i guess!)...
and exclusively breastfed.
i pumped my milk so dad could feed her when i was at work or college.
never had any problem between bottlefeeding and breastfeeding - no nipple confusion, etc.
gas wasn't a big problem either.
they are so easy to clean - no scrubbing the bottle just drop in liners.
just have to clean the base/nipple/ring, but super easy and used to throw in the dishwasher.
easy to store breastmilk in liners or bags and just pop them in the bottle after thawing.
after 7 years could have still used my same bottles but opted to buy new ones because they were not bpa free.i also bought some avent bottles this time around - because that is the brand of pump i bought - and they are pretty good too.
:)
baby has had less gas and fussiness since we have been using these bottles.
quick cleanup, quick fill up.
i was mistaken when i registered for these bottles...
i thought i could use everything in the box for my baby when she was born.
however, i did not realize (being a new mom) that this was a sample kit with various nipples (one of each) for older and newer babies, teething babies, nipples that helped encourage latching of the breast and nipples that just plain resembled the breast.i actually would recommend that if you're a first time mom, register for this box and also pick out (seperately) two 4 oz bottles with 'slow-flow silicone' nipples for younger babies and two 4 oz bottles with 'slow-flow rubber' nipples for younger babies.first test the silicone on your little one and if your baby does not like it, does not latch on well or has a problem with silicone, try her on the rubber nipples.
after that, you'll know which nipples your baby will need and can purchase more *nipples* to go with the rest of the bottles in your kit.i would suggest you do not use the nipples that come with the kit at all... new babies should either be on silicone or rubber slow-flow nipples for younger babies.
once you've found the typle of material he/she prefers - stick with it.
and around the age of 4-6 months, switch them to older baby nipples in that same material.hope this review helps you!
good luck with your little one.
the only times i've had difficulties with leaking is when i've failed to properly use theplaytex drop-ins disposable bottle liners, 8 oz, 50 liners.
i wish playtex wasn't phasing out these bottles because they feel much sturdier than their premium counterparts.
i've used these bottles since my sons were born.-i love the fact that they are extremely easy to clean and the liners are very convenient.
(but are getting expensive.)
i would use these bottles up until you need to make 8oz of formula.
*if you use powder formula - the drop-in liners do not hold 8oz of water and the formula you add to it!!
i had a mess of formula everywhere!!!
i pump directly into the liners using the playtex storage set and freeze.
then i can just thaw and pop the liner onto the bottle holder and screw on the nipple.
the selection of nipples was nice to have, though my guys would take any of them-he isn't picky.
i haven't used the tall liners yet though, maybe that is more useful if you are formula feeding?
for breastfeeding i recommend the pump and store set and you will be all ready to go!
these are the only bottles i can get my son to take.
he hates the silicone nipples, so these are great alternative.
now i know why!!!!
hardly any cleaning!!!!!
i've only had to wash the bottles or rings when i've accidentally gotten the formula on them.
my only complaint is the "leak proof" lid.
i only tried it once.
bag wasn't jostled or knocked around or anything & the bottle totally leaked.
so, the "leak proof" tops are not leak proof.
great set, but you'll need more nipples.
the nipples are like $4 for a 2pk, so add that to the cost when comparison shopping.other than that, i love these bottles!
i don't have a single complaint about them.
they do leak in the diaper bag when not kept upright, but i store mine upright, so that's a non-issue.
the answer is - only if you also buy the playtex breast milk storage kit.
you can't pump into these, which is a bit of a hassle, but it's not too bad.
my problem with the bottle is that the bags don't stay in.
the ring doesn't hold the bag in, so when i went to feed the baby, he ended up soaked.
needless to say, bottle feeding that day was a disaster.
if the bag would stay in, i'd say i really liked these.
unfortunately, i haven't had one bag stay in yet...
my daughter wasn't drinking out of the bottle.
the laytex nipple was the only one shes takes.
its soft and is the most like a breast.
but  i  didn't know why she wouldn't drink the bottle until i smelled the milk.
it had gone bad.
so i learned that if you heat the milk ( not boil it) right after you pump then store it in good bags the milk stays fresh, and baby eats while i'm at work.
there is no better feeling for you (and grandma whos watching her)  when you know that shes happy while you are at work.
i knew from the beginning that i would be using these bottles.
no bottle washing, just toss out the liner and wash the nipple.
it's especially nice when you're out and about or a long trip and cannot necessarily wash a bottle after use.
what's nice about this starter kit is that it comes with 5 different nipples of varying flows and types (latex and silicone) that i was able to try without having to purchase separately (this is good because of my complaint below).i also like the playtex one step storage system that you can use with these bottles (refer to my review on playtex one step storage kits: http://www.amazon.com/review/r1nsck6en7ayra/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm).
with the pump adapter that comes in the storage kits, you can pump directly into the liners.i do have a few complaints about these bottles, though:!)
as i mentioned, it's nice that it came with all the different nipples because finding the best one to use with my baby was a chore and a half (refer to my reviews on the playtex naturalatch slow flow latex, playtex naturalatch slow flow silicone, and playtex naturalatch orthodontic medium flow).2) the clear liners make it difficult to see the exact amount that is in the liner if you are pumping directly into the liner, but you learn to estimate more or less.
when you're breastfeeding you have no clue the exact amount the baby is getting anyways.
if you're really anal, just pump into a regular bottle and transfer to drop-in liner.3) although convenient, the disposable liners do create a lot of waste.
this would be my biggest complaint.overall, happy with product because of the convenience.
not a bad price for all of the items included.
i wish they gave more nipples though.
they give several drop-in liners, 4 oz and 8 oz.
with all the rave reviews and my love for playtex ventair bottles, i was very excited about this bottle.
second, even the slow flow nipple somehow seems too fast and makes my baby choke on his milk.
in any case, we used it a couple of times and went right back to ventair.
i would not recommend it.
last year, in preparation to our son's arrival, we bought several leading, what i will call "bottle feeding systems" (you are not buying just bottles, but also committing yourself to the accessories specific to that brand, so they are systems).
the ones we chose to try were:-dr. brown's bpa free polypropylene natural flow wide neck bottle-philips avent bpa free classic bottles- theseplaytex, although in concept very appealing, we did not like because due to their design/material it is hard to get out all of the milk and so some of it always gets wasted.
also, it is very challenging to measure out exact amounts as the numbers and gradations on the dropins is hard to see.
we stopped using these very quickly.
although, if you are using formula that is less viscous than milk, these might be work much better.
plus, target sells a store version of dropins which a lot of people like, so that helps a lot with the price.avent bottles are generally very good, and we ended up using them a lot.
also, we purchased the ridiculesly overpricedphilips avent bpa free standard breast pump conversion kitto be able to use the bottles withmedela pump in style advanced breast pump.
the main problem with the avent bottles is that if you forget to put in the little ring, the milk will leak all over your child.
with the ring in, we never had a leak.
brown's bottles are probably the best out of the three.
with its design, it is harder to assemble the bottle without all the necessary pieces.
we have never had these bottles leak.
we never had an issue with just throwing them in the dishwasher.
also, the number of parts (6 vs avent's 5 counting the lid) is not as overwhelming as some people on here claim.there seem to be no difference in any of the above bottles when it came to reducing gas.
the only reason i give it four stars instead of five is that they don't include the medium flow nipples, just fast and slow.
it's also a little irritating to have to keep buying the drop-in inserts, but it does cut down on the dishes.
i have wasted so much milk using this drop-ins system.
i bought a box of the 4 ounce and a box of the 8 ounce liners, and in both boxes there have been multiple liners with holes in them and my milk has ended up all over my counter.
any pumping mother knows that it is perfectly reasonable to cry over spilled breast milk, and believe me, i've done that many times.
i've tried to be good about pouring in just a little bit of milk so that if there is a hole, i'll only waste a little bit.
but, come on, i'm sleep deprived, and stressed and sometimes i forget, and i end up with 6 ounces of milk on my kitchen counter, and i shouldn't have to check like that for a product i've paid for.
no good.out of a box of 100 liners, i would say about 1/4-1/3 have holes in them or leak.
that's quite a lot; we're not talking one or two here.
unfortunately, i've invested in playtex bottles and playtex nipples, so now i have to spend even more money buying a whole new bottle feeding system because i cannot afford to spill breast milk every fourth time i go to fill up a bottle.
i'm extremely disappointed at having wasted so much money on this system and so much time pumping milk just to pour it on the kitchen counter.
i would not recommend.
this particular starter set of playtex drop-ins is a great place to start if you're looking for an economical way to sample a wide variety of nipple types and the drop-ins system as a whole.
of the two, playtex ventaire has been my favorite bottle for transitioning between breastfeeding and bottle feeding, although neither has caused the dreaded "nipple confusion."
this is how the two compare:1.
throw out the old liner, pop in a new one, fill it up, and you're ready to go - easy to do even in the backseat of a car with a crying baby.
no bottle brush or hot, soapy water needed.2.
the ventaire slow flow nipples are much slower than the drop-in slow flow nipples, which we have found is preferable for a baby that is accustomed to breastfeeding (more control over the milk flow, and thus less gagging and spitting up).3.
once a baby learns how to hold the bottle themselves, we have discovered that the ventaire bottle with a slow flow nipple can be flung wildly around and does not leak.
our daughter can feed herself from both the ventaire and drop-in bottles, but it is a bit easier for her to handle the ventaire.
she can feed herself one-handed while sleep-eating with the ventaire by grasping the recessed bottle bottom and holding it straight up in the air.
the drop-in bottle requires her to use two hands due to the fact it is wider, and if she falls asleep, the bottle is dropped and leaks wherever it lands.both the playtex drop-in and playtex ventaire bottles are nice sets, and we have appreciated having both types to choose from to enjoy the perks of both.
for fewer leaks and more baby autonomy, the playtex ventaire bottles get our vote.
several weeks ago i left a 2 star review for these bottles due to the cost of always having to buy liners with twins...as you can see i have since changed my mind and deleted that review.
why?
after having used only playtex drop ins for the 1st year and then using other types of bottles for around a month i am realizing how much not only myself but my girls loved the playtex drop ins.the playtex nipples are definately what my girls prefer and are much easier for them.
they normally finish their night time bottles but have not been finishing them since switching to different bottles.
when my girls were born they were too small to suckle on the breast and most bottles were too big for their tiny mouths.
i do remember when my girls were under a month old we had some advent bottles w/ silicone nipples someone had given us and i tried giving them to my girls once(the more bottles the merrier) but my girls hated the nipples and they just seemed to big for their small mouths.
i had to empty the advent and pour them into the playtex.and when i first wrote my 2 star review of these bottles because i hated the repeated cost of buying liners, that was also before i realized just how fantastically wonderful it is to be able to throw away the liner.
since we've bought these new bottles it seems all i ever do is wash bottles...and there have been many times when i forget i leave a bottle that had milk in the diaper bag or some other place and gross, what a stinky mess.
then i actually have to soak the bottles in bleach water to make sure they are clean.
with the playtex you simply throw away the stinky liner.so i am sorry playtex drop ins that i ever doubted you & gave you a 2 star review.
i guess this past month of never-ending bottle washing & bleaching bottles has been my lesson learned.
never again will i use any other bottle besides playtex drop ins.
except for water or juice, cheap bottles are fine for that.so save yourself time & money and just buy the playtex drop ins especially if you have twins.
it might cost more in liners but you'll be thankful in the long run.
my girls like the playtex latex nipples the best.you can buy store brand liners, we've used walmart store brand and they work fine but playtex are definately the best liner.
keep an eye out because the playtex liners do go on sale and then you can stock up.
make sure you have plenty on hand so you don't get stuck in the middle of the night w/out any liners.
i also liked the bags but we only used them at first when i was pumping breast milk for my girls.
i only used these with my first child, now 7 years old.
i am pregnant with my 2nd and with certainty, will use these again.
why they are amazing:1.
the liners are so convenient.
you use them then throw them away.
no bottles to clean (build up of disgusting old milk, especially on those long trips outside in the spring/summer), and you don't need a lot of bottles, i had two of each (2 x 4 oz and 2 x 8 oz bottles).2.
after mixing the formula or using expressed breast milk, simply squeeze the liner from the bottom of the open-ended bottle and all the air is out!
this lessens the gas and projectile vomiting.3.
many options of nipples and they are the only thing you need to wash/rinse/sterilize.a lot of my friends use dr. brown and they rave about it, but after i talk about the platex system, they are sold.
let me start by saying this is a great concept.
i planned to breastfeed exclusively.
i planned to pump into these bottles.
i even took a reviewers advice and got extra large bottles and short liners (which i wouldn't advise to anyone).
i liked the idea of not needing to wash a million bottles.
i didn't have a dishwasher at the time.
(we now do... and maybe i would have stuck with these had that not been the case).
drove me nuts.nothing went to plan.
i ended up supplementing my breast milk with formula after one month.
thus, there's air in there and your baby will be gassy.liquid (rtf) formulaformula is expensive.
pushing the air out of the bag is a great concept.
but when the bag exploded on me twice...
i was upset.
and reading reviews, i have to say i thought people were just pushing to quickly and clearly that would never happen to me.
but it did.
twice.
and with a screaming baby... it's really better to have bottles that are ready to go.
(even if prepared, you need to push air out of the bottle... and that takes time).breastmilki don't pump enough to fill these bottles.
pumping takes a lot of time.
so.. after i pump my four ounces, i don't want it to explode.
and i don't want it to go bad from having so much exposure to air... and if i'm pumping, i'm not feeding my child right away.
thus, i stopped "expressing" because it seemed to be a waste of time.
why pump into a bottle just to feed it to him right away?
(i'm empty after i finish pumping).
so, pumping into the bottle came in handy.
the pump was much kinder.
i didn't care if he destroyed silicone.
(he didn't... but i'm just sayin'!
).i had no problem with the lids on these bottles.
i liked the silicone nipples because i could boil them (and now i can put them in the dishwasher).
but i didn't like it enough to continue using it.
the set comes with enough.
the comparison would be like buying a bunch of vaccuums for your vaccuum bags.
she's down to just her night time bottle now.
i bought these thinking they would be great.i was wrong.
i give my baby breast milk and its just a hassle.
well, you aren't able to heat the bottles with the liners in them so you have to get a container dirty anyway to warm the milk and then dump them back into the bottle.
plus you have to keep buying the drop-ins.
if i'm going to have to clean bottles anyway i'd rather use a bottle that i can store milk in and heat the milk in.these bottles dont keep air out.
even when i would squish all of the air out of the bag and put the lid on, by the time i went and got my baby and put a bib on her all of the air was back into the bottle.
also they are not good for on the go.
there is nothing to protect the liner on the bottom so anything could puncture it making all of the milk leak out.i also dont think they are close to being like breast feeding at all
okay - i was one of those new moms who had no clue about which bottles of the many types to use for my baby.
i read all of the online reviews and decided i would get a couple of each type and try them all.
i have the avent bottles, dr. brown's, gerber, you name it, i have a ton of them.i exclusively breatfeed my baby and everyday he gets a bottle with his medicine in it along with the bottles i pump for when we will be somewhere that's difficult to breastfeed.
its so quick and easy, especially when you are in a hurry or in the middle of the night when its harder to think straight.
when he's done, just toss the drop in and wash the nipple and you are ready for your next bottle.my baby didn't struggle with swallowing air using this bottle like the others i tried because you push the air out.
it worked much better for him than the dr. brown's bottles.
using these, he didn't struggle with gas pains afterwards.he switched with no problems from a very early age between the breast and this bottle type.
it comes with various nipples to try and the breastfeeding nipple works great for him.here is the only downside:you cannot pump directly into the liners - but that is not a big deal to me.
i pump into the medela csf bags and store those.
when i am ready to make a bottle, i pour it out of the csf bag and into the liner.
it became routine and its not a problem for me to take that extra step.good luck in making your choices about bottles for your baby but from a new mom whose tried them all, these really are the best all around.
it's super convenient.
everything's light so they are easy to carry around as well.
it's even better because the liner is recyclable.
my 5 week old has been using them since he was 1 week old and he has much less gas and spitting up when we use them as opposed to some other brands that we have tried.
i know these bottles have been around for a long time and now i understand why..they work.
i have found most of the new modern bottles to be all gimic and no substance.
the down side to these bottles is that you have to continually buy the bags which can get pricy.
futhermore, they don't come with caps for the nipples so you have to put your finger on the nipple to shake the formula and bag the nipple to travel with it.
i would tell anyone if they have been using dr. brown's, avent, or any of the other super fancy feeding systems and their kids are still having problems with gas and spitting up, they should try these.
i've pumped at work for about 2 months and it's gone pretty smoothly.
first off you drop in a liner and that means there is less to clean up, no scrubbing the inside of the bottle.
i saved money by buying them at thrift stores - about half of them i bought still in the boxes and the other half barely used.
i ended up switching out the older nipple design (square top) with the newer nipples because i liked the design better.
it seemed to me that the newer design is more correct for suckling.
i liked these bottles because of the liner idea and my best friend had used them.i wish the nipples would have come in more than two stages though because when my daughter hit about 4 months, the slow flow were too slow and the fast flow were too fast.
i ended up putting straight pins in the slow flow and boiling them with the pins in to open the holes a little more.
it worked fine!
the only time the bottle ever leaked was when i used the drop-in liners and that's because it wasn't seated right on the rim of the bottle.
many reviewers complained that the drop-ins don't hold a full 8 ozs.
and they are correct.
to solve this problem, i simply stuck with the standard liners and i don't buy the playtex brand.
i buy the parent's choice (pc) brand at walmart.
another thing to be careful of is the measurements aren't always correct.
i bought the target brand 4 oz.
liners and realized (after several bottles) that the 4 oz.
mark on the liner was only 3 ozs.
the pc liners are correct!all-in-all, i like these bottles but am getting tired of the liners.
i am currently reading reviews of other bottles and considering switching with our next child.
i'm really liking what i'm reading about the dr. brown's, but will possibly try a couple other brands as well.
i'm realizing that saving tons of money isn't always what's best for my daughter.
we'll see!
these cloth diapers are reasonably priced and include a padded middle.
they should do the trick for those using cloth diapers.
they also work as burp cloths for those using disposable diapers.
the fancy burp cloths are usually too flimsy (won't lay flat on your shoulder) and too thin to be helpful.
these stay in place without having to touch/fix it.i have tried them for cloth diapering but it seems they don't hold very well and leak more than the other diaper inserts i've used.
i usually don't cloth diaper so i can't say too much on this - this is just from the few times i have used it.
these burp clothes are extremely thin.
they are so gauzy that you can see through them, so they won't even work for a game of "peek-a-boo"!
these were not thick enough for me to use as a burp cloth, let alone the "premium" diaper it is touted to be.
these would not work in our house even as a dish cloth, let alone absorbing any type of baby mess!the only reason i didn't give only a single star is because gerber was very nice about giving me a refund on these - they guarantee all their products.
i just don't think they described accurately what you are getting.
they are definitely not the diaper service quality, however, if you don't have 3 different levels of diapers to choose from at your local store, how would you even know that there were different grades of diapers when it says "premium" on the package?
they need to be more descriptive in their product packaging.
for burp cloths, i prefered the kooshie baby brand which are very absorbant, very soft and durable as well.
the cute, fancy little burp cloths on the market are no match for babies that spit up like mine do.
these wash well, are absorbent, usually cover enough of the shoulder/arm to prevent clothing from becoming a mess, and are very soft.
we could not make it without these!
i had these exact same burp clothes when i gave birth in 08 to my son so i figured with my second pregnancy i would buy them again big mistake they are made cheaper now you can see right through them i am going to have to fold them in half just so it will not go through on to my clothes i do not even think they will make it through a wash load what a disappointment they are worth maybe a dime each at best it is kinda hard to tell how thin they are unless you open the package i would suggest passing these up
this is a great value pack and so soft and thick in the center panel which also makes them great burp cloths instead of using more expensive and also narrower and thinner cloths actually marketed for the burp cloths.
good diaper cloths!
it is really hard to use cloth diapers for the whole day so use cloth during day time and then disposable at night for longer sleep.
don't buy these if your looking for a pre-fold that will hold all of your childs waste in,and if you have a heavy wetter don't weven think about it without a doublerdiaper doubler - absorbency booster - 2 piece set(these are nice) they are no wear near as absorbent as chinese prefolds, these make great claning clothgs and burp rags though.
that's about all they are good for please spend the extra money on diaper service quality prefolds it will be worth it in the end.
i ordered these after reading the reviews because the ones i received at the shower were paper thin.
these are fabulous.
i buy them for every baby shower i go to now.
they are worth the money.
i purchased these to make burp cloths.
i washed them, then sewed fabric to the center piece to customize them.
we used the burp cloths for months!
i love these cloth diapers.
i would highly recommend these cloth diapers.
i used to work as a nanny while i was going to college and i am buying lot of baby products for my best friend (she was my &#34;student loan&#34; - and that's how i am paying her back... buying the baby products, anyway)... she know i had over 7+y of experience taking care of babies and the items i'm buying for her are things i used during my sitter years and i know they're practical and they work great.
they steam pretty quick and i like how you can keep pre-measured water on it.
i've had to warm bottles twice sometimes but it's still faster than warming water on the stove or running the bottle under the faucet.
oh, i only do 2 oz.
bottles for now.
i have to say i have not been disappointed with this warmer, other than it should not be used with the playtex inserts bottles (which is why it gets 4 stars) as it cannot sense the heat properly and makes them way too hot and doesn't shut off.
my best advice?
read the directions!
i was shocked at how little water it uses and thought i was reading it wrong.
it is correct, and when followed it heats the bottle perfectly every time.
all of the water disappeared and the light turns off when it's done.
i honestly cannot understand how people could say they read the directions and it still didn't work, but hey that's just me.
a must have for when baby is home with daddy, grandma, or anyone else that doesn't have a ton of experience with properly heating a bottle (esp.
breastmilk).
i have been using this product for almost 7 months and yes, its true the little cups do not work for warming bottles, i tried them for 1 week until i started using my own cup and i just pour the water in and now i know about how long it will take to warm, works great for me.
i never had a problem with scalding my baby's mouth because i always check the milk temperature on my hand before giving it to the baby.
overall, i live in a two-story house and this warmer is a lifesaver for those early am feedings, i definitely don't want to go downstairs to warm a bottle, the product works consistently if you figure out how much water you need.
i think this product was a waste of money our daughter will not wait for bottle to heat  up in this and its just easier and faster to make a fresh bottle.
the little ice bottle is kind of lame, it really should be blue ice which stays frozen longer.
otherwise great product, easy to use, easy to clean.
i kept thinking i must be doing something wrong.
i'd read the directions again and try again.
and the milk would be scalding hot.
if it didn't melt the bottle, the milk would still be cold.
i also had a problem with my playtex ventaire bottles leaking from the bottom into the warmer.
then i had the smell of burned formula in the kitchen.
oh!
i'm going to heat water in the microwave and let the bottle soak in it.
it is faster, less messy, and lots cheaper.
don't waste your time and money.
this is an awesome product!
once you get used to using this product, it is a huge timesaver.
it took us three tries to get the amount of water right so the bottle would be the right temperature (not too hot, not too cold).
before going to bed every night, we put two bottles and the ice pack in the cooler section.
when the baby woke up, we transferred one bottle to the warmer.
it was usually done warming before we finished changing a diaper!
this bottle cooler/warmer makes it easier at night when you want to get back to sleep as soon as possible!
a dedicated steam warmer is definitely better than any other option such as a pan of water on the stove (takes too long) or the microwave (danger of uneven heating;  robs contents of nutrients).we have ours in a second-story nursery and have been pleased with it.
the only problem is that the results can be unpredictable - sometimes one capful of water will do the trick just fine, sometimes the bottle feels hot but the milk inside still cold, and sometimes it just goes to town and overheats the contents.
nonetheless, i figure any heating process will be unpredictable, so i can't fault this model.the unit comes with adapters to hold any standard 4- or 9-oz.
bottle;  we've used avent with no problems.
every night i know i will not have to go downstairs to get a bottle, warm it, and bring it back up while baby is crying.now, all i do is take the bottle from the chill compartment (complete with ice pack), and place it, with a capful of premeasured water, in the warming compartment and hit a button.while i change baby's diaper, the bottle is warming, and i am ready to go.
this equipment has been a godsend.
actually, i can't think of any equipment that i could live without less.no complaints whatsoever about this great bottle warmer.
we have tried many bottle warmers and this is the one we currently use.
i liked it because it had a section to keep bottles cold as well.
this isn't good for breast milk.
this is a lifesaver for late night feelings.
we just pop a bottle or two in the cooler before bed, and within 5 minutes of baby waking in the middle of the night bottle is ready to go.
we keep in it in the bedroom so we don't have to even leave our room for late night feelings.
this is one of my favorite products i have purchased as a new mommy.
i love it.
it took some trials to determine how much water to add but now i have it down great.
you can over heat and then you will burn yourself if your not careful.
it is not like the negative reviews if you pay attention and use the right amount of water.
i guess because of the vent but i preferred the avent bottles anyway.
the cooler does keep bottles cold for up to 8 hours if you remember to freeze the freezer pack each day.
we have a 2 story house and this helped us so much.
this is definitly worth the money!
we have two of these - one for upstairs and downstairs.
the warmer is a bit of a crap shoot as far as the bottle temperatures... but it's never under-heated a bottle.
at worst some bottles come out too hot.
that's easily  remedied by running the bottles under cool water for a minute or two.
also - when i first got the bottles i would heat my plastic bottles in there.
they seemed fine and didn't melt but i quickly switched to using only glass bottles in the warmer.
it just doesn't seem right to be heating plastic on a heat source!now the only down side to this is the cooler.
it does keep things cool - but it's not impressive.
it will keep things cool for up to 8 hours - but don't mistake this for being refrigerated cool.
my medela breast pump tote came with a better ice pack - and that's what we're using to keep the bottles cold at night.
one other trick... keep the cooler portion away from the heating portion if you want things to stay cool all night.
we are using this every night since we bought it.
it takes some trial and error to figure out the water requirement but that's ok.
cleaning/descaling is the only issue.
very convenient.
ehh, i bought this product to avoid my mil using the microwave to heat bottles.
the thing is that it really depends on the amount of milk and size of bottle.
the warmer starts right away and creates a lot of steam.
i didnt find it evenly heated it through.its still best to just sit it in hot water for a couple mins.
:)but we will use this to keep cool bottles in the freezer pack in the back (remember to freeze the ice pack)-overall, save your money and use the traditional method.
i like how you can keep the frozen ice pack in with bottles to store and keep cool then just pour a little water into the front part to boil the water.
the directions are a little confusing with how much water to use, so i just have kind of learned how much water we need to use and just keep the bottle in there for 4-5 minutes.. you learn by trial and error.
or if you want to save your money you can always just boil/microwave water and put the bottle in that.
if you are pumping breast milk or formula feeding this thing is a lifesaver.
it's super convenient to have 2 bottles nice and chilled.
as i rule i always test the temperature anyway so it's never been a real problem.
make sure your lids are off or loosened when you warm the bottles (especially dr. brown's) or the milk will come out of the top and make breast milk caramel all over the heating element.
:)
when we first got it i thought it was complicated...but it really isn't.
you freeze the ice pack and when you're ready to head to bed, you just bring the ice pack and two bottles, place them in the cooler and fill the two measuring water holders and slide them on the side.
it seems this warmer gets weaker with use and requires more water.
you also have to be careful not to spill formula/bm on the warmer or it will get sticky and won't warm the bottle as well.
oh and if you move the bottle more towards the front of the warmer it will warm up quicker.if you put too much water, the bottle will be too hot so if you're not sure start out with the 5-6 line and go from there.there is no nightlight and they shouldn't list it as a feature, the 'nightlight' is the button that glows orange when you press it to warm a bottle.
it shuts off after a couple of minutes when the bottle is done.i love this thing because it makes night time feedings almost a breeze but it does have it's quirks.
do not store milk with this ice pack for more than eight hours.
i use a freezer pack and store one bottle at a time.
i would add a time chart just to know approximately how much time it takes to heat up a bottle.
if so, parents are s.o.l.
heating is so inconsistent.
same amount of water with the same amount of milk will produce a different temperature every single time.
sometimes way too cold and sometimes way too hot.
be sure to loosen your bottles cap during heating and check to see that the travel disc is not in place.
otherwise, the bottles (esp.
brown's) will overflow.
if that happens cleaning the inside of the warmer is a major hassle because the milk will have burned onto the heating plate.
the carrier is too short for mr. brown 8oz.
bottles or any other of similar height.
the tubes provided to premeasure water are a joke.
of course, you will likely be holding your crying and squirming baby in one arm while trying to do open the cap and not spill all the water.
they tried to get fancy with the shape of the tubes and cap they forgot to make them easy to use.i just can't believe that someone can't design a better "mouse trap".to add insult to injury, the taps on the handle that are supposed to hold the top of the bottle storage compartment just broke off...(picture provided by amazon is not the current model.
refer to the pictures posted by other shoppers)
the design is convenient, except for the water holding tubes which can be annoying to clip to the sides.
otherwise, having a cooler right there is nice.
you can order replacement/extra ice pack on tomy website - we keep 2 extras in the freezer as we constantly were forgetting to refreeze the one we had in preparation for a new night (they were $2 each).
heating is a bit inconsistent and seems to be slower than the quick pro model by the first years.
overall, good purchase and the price is great on amazon (you'll pay $30 at bru)
i've never used the bottle cooler part, so i can't comment on that.
i think if you kept this unit in your bedroom or the babies room where you'd want to store some bottles in the cooler instead of having to go to the refridgerator to get them, it would serve a good purpose.
but i always go out to the kitchen to use this, so it's easier to just grab a bottle from the fridge.the little test-tube-looking water containers that you fill up and then pour into the unit to steam the bottles are a bit of a pain.
the little caps that go on them are difficult to snap on and off with one hand when you have a screaming, hungry baby in the other arm!
and it's hard to fill them up to the accurate measurement line under the faucet....basically, you constantly have to pour a little water out--oh, wait, that was too much---fill it back up under the faucet--oh, wait, that was too much...you see where i'm going with this.
so, the water test-tube things aren't very user friendly.the other thing is that the little basket and the container itself that the bottle goes into gets grungy pretty quickly.
it leaves a brownish film on the basket and inside the hole where the basket goes into, so you have to clean it out frequently.
and i've definately found that the amount of water they say to put in the steamer according to the size and temp.
of the bottle isn't quite right.
thankfully, my baby isn't very temperature-sensitive when it comes to taking her bottle.on the positive side, i think using this thing is probably easier than running the bottle under warm tap water or putting it in a pan of boiling water because it does heat the bottle up rather quickly.
great product.
i use it at nights.
having the chiller compartment saves me the trip to the refrigerator.
sometimes i forget the ice-pack and will use a ziploc bag with crushed ice as an alternate.
as soon as i pop it in the chamber, by the time i am done changing him - it is ready to go.
i agree the measuring water is confusing so i just check it periodically to ensure the bottle doesn't overheat.
one thing to note is that it heats up glass bottles super fast vs. the plastic bottles.
so if you need speedy turnaround use the evenflo glass bottles - they heat up in under 3 minutes!
i can honestly say i love this bottle warmer because it is very convenient for those in a 2-story house.
even when my son was sleeping through the night we still kept his morning bottle in his room and used this warmer to keep it cool.
but...i was very disappointed that my dr. brown's bottles were too wide for the warmer.
the taller dr. brown's bottle fit in the warmer but were too tall to fit in the cooler.
i ended up still using the cooler but storing the dr. brown's bottles in there without the nipple and cap on so they would fit.
my only suggestion would be to make the warmer wider so all bottles can fit.
i really did not like this.
we had a warmer that submerses the bottle in water, and we found this worked faster and better.
we got this as a second hoping to use it upstairs at night.
we have been using this with ourdr.
brown's formula mixing pitcherand it was a life saver for awhile.
now all i can smell on our bottles is burnt milk from the heating plate.... now i am not quite sure how the milk could possibly be getting onto it but it does apparently.
we have been using it for about 3 months now almost every day, four- five times a day a most and it has considerably started to take longer and longer to heat up.. before it was done and cooled off by the time the diaper change was over.
now we find ourselves sitting and waiting another minute or two for it to finish.
the instructions are basically nonexistent.
this was nice to have when i was pumping.
i'd wake up in the middle of the night and heat up my daughter's bottle.
now that i'm formula feeding, it's not necessary.
i purchased this to use on the nightstand or for keeping breast milk out.
unfortunately i ended up having to feel formula, so i used this as a bedside bottle keeper at night.
two bottle fit in a cooler compartment and one fits in the warmer.
we exclusively breastfeed, so it's not like we can just put warm water in a bottle and mix it with formula.
it's quick and easy, which is always good in the middle of the night!
!some people said they had problems with temperature, but we didn't have any problems.
the idea behind this design is well intentioned but i find the design aggravating.
subconsciously i always go for the handle to move this thing, but the handle is connected to the removable bottle storage piece.
there's no other way to pick this thing up unless you grab it by the warmer cup.
it may seem trivial but i like to keep this thing out of the way (it's an eye sore) and i would have rather just the bottle warmer with no bottle storage chamber.plus, the heating is inconsistent.
no matter whether you put extra water or not, the bottles still don't get warm like they should.
when we first got it (4 months ago) the milk would actually be too hot.
that hasn't happened in a while.
i purchsed this product because of the cooling capabilities as it was perfect for night feedings instead of running downstairs to make a bottle in the middle of the night.
but, after just about a month of use (warming 3 or 4 bottles per day) the warmer started over heating the bottles and sent milk pouring out of the top.
i use a variety of types of bottles and specifically the dr. browns and the first years breastflow bottles were overheated and thus overflowed in this warmer.
(the advent bottles did not overflow but were so hot to the touch i couldn't take them out with my bare hands and thus was not going to put the bottle near my infant until it cooled down which tool 5 or more minutes.)
we played with the amount of water we were using, thinking we were putting too much in (even though we were following the recommended water usage in the instructions).
after having the product for less than 2 months we are returning it to the vendor where it was purchsed.
i would not recommend gettin this product.
first years needs to go back to the drawing board on this one and come out with a product that actually works.
late night feedings have never been easier.
this thing stinks.
the on off switch never worked so we always had to plug and unplug it.
we did like the cooler on the back for travel but overall this thing stinks
easy to use, cooler works well to store 2 bottles.
i've been using it for 5 oz medela bottles so i pump at night, cap it and store it in the cooler and warm as i use it.
i used to do it when i intially bought it but with a screaming infant in hands during night i stopped bothering about the measurements .
even with such a rough use it still works great .never had a little problem with itbut i do make sure that i clean it throughly every week.the cooler part is awesome,saved me trips downstairs in the middle of the night.being a working mom i am all about making things easy for me.this is what i recommend highly
i bought this bottle warmer, because the previous model from the same company broke.
i was also displeased with having to unplug it, in order, to turn it off.
i would try a different brand, if you need a bottle warmer.
after only a few months, i have gone back to this warmer.
i love that it has the auto-off feature (which the tt one did not have).
heats the bottles very quickly and you don't have to stand over it checking the temp every minute like with the tt warmer.
overall, i love this warmer.
says nothing about this on the website but on the box.
very dangerous because gets so hot
this product is a major piece of garbage.
you will never get your milk to the right temperature no matter how hard you try.
it will either be cold or it will be scalding hot.
also it creates a smell that smells like burnt hair which is worrisome considering others who reviewed this product (at least 4 people) said that it catches on fire.
we were using dr. browns 2 and 4 oz bottles and sometimes the 2 oz would be cold while the 4 oz would  be way too hot.
it remembers how long it takes to warm any particular amount and you dont have to fill it up with water every time the way you do with this.
remove from your registry, return, or throw away if you have bought this product and go with the dr browns instead.
does everything i need!
no problems with this pump.
i love it.
i only used this pump for the first month as i did not produced much milk but it was great when i used it.
i did find that i had to bend forward to get maximum output but it was not uncomfortable.
if you plan to do a lot of pumping then getting the double pump might be worth the extra money as it is quite time consuming with only one pump.
overall, an efficient pump, no complaints.
this pump says it's rated for only occasional use, but i used it every day for six months.
the main thing i like about this pump is the ability to use it in any situation.
my husband and i traveled quite a bit with our son and i was able to pump in the car with the battery pack.
i use it so much that i doubt it will make it to our next child, but it's much better to buy this one twice for $80 than to buy one for $350!
i nurse my baby exclusively and am a stay at home mom, but this is really handy for when we go out and can't schedule around his feeding times.
i didn't have any problems with let down.
it does make noise, but it's not noisy.
i only pump at home so it doesn't bother me.
i only used this after my baby was 6 weeks and had no problems whatsoever.
i purchased this pump for occasional use since i am a sahm.
i sit in bed with my daughter nursing on one side and me pumping the other.
i am able to get 6-8oz in one sitting.
when i pump w/o nursing at the same time, i am still able to get 4oz in 15-20 mins.
being a sahm, i cannot justify spending the $200 for a double pump when i just don't need that much help.i highly recommend this if you are a sahm and can pump whenever for however long.
i pump once a day and after a week of that i have 2 weeks worth of feedings(if giving once a day).
this little electrical pump works well.
it's only problem is that it's really noisy.
i have twins and this pump works just fine.
my husband said it sounded like i was milking a cow.
i would have opted using a double breast pump, but it was much more pricier.
after two months i found that it was harder to express breast milk using the same suction as before.
i don't know why.
the pump was fine and working the same, even at the highest level, my breast would not fully be expressed.
i had to just ditch this item in the end.
i had this pump on my registry but then was also given a double electric pump (medela pump in style) all i can say is good thing i had the double pump!
this single electric one just cannot get enough pressure/suction/whatever.
plus even if it did work, a single pump means double the pumping time.
i know double electric pumps are expensive, but beg, borrow, get your family to go in it as a gift - you need it and this single pump is not an adequate substitute for a real pump!
you can even rent a double pump from the hospital or a lactation consultant.
just don't bother trying this one.
i agonized over whether to buy this cheaper pump or go straight to one of the high-end ($250+) models.
in an effort to save money i started with this one.
but i quickly realized i'd made a mistake -- it took *forever* to even get one ounce of milk.
i ended up getting the medela pump in style and loved it.
i just wish i'd gone straight to that one and saved my money on this one.for those of you who are trying to decide between this or a more expensive model, here are my two cents:try this one if...- you have a very abundant milk supply- you only plan to pump one or twice a month- you wouldn't mind giving your baby formula if you had to be away from her for an extended periodinvest the money in a higher-end model if...- you're going back to work- your milk supply is medium to low- you plan to pump more than two or three times per month- you are opposed to giving your baby any formula, ever (with a higher quality pump you could build up reserve breastmilk to have in case of an emergency)also, it's worth noting that most of the more expensive models can be safely re-used by other people so could be sold to someone else when you're done (unlike this one).
this pump is decent but wasn't enough for me.
however, i needed to pump to improve my supply in the begining and also while i was healing from a cracked nipple and the single pump just didn't cut it.
i ended up purchasing the medela pump-in-style and it works much better.
now i use the double pump to fill an evening bottle for my husband to feed to the baby.
it would take twice as long with the single pump.
i really hate pumping so it is worth everything to get it done in half the time!
i think this pump is only worth it if you will rarely need to pump or to use for just a few minutes before feeding the baby to relieve engorgement.
i received this pump as a gift.
i like it because it is electric.
i got the manual attachment free from the hospital and it is very difficult to use even with the spring loading.
however, there are times when i just feel like sitting down and not having to manually pump.
it comes with storage containers and a nipple insert for smaller nipples.
plus it comes with some lanolin just incase you get sore nipples.
it is a pretty good buy.
it doesn't work any better than a manual, but it is more convenient since you don't have to work as hard.
i wouldn't have bought it myself, but since it was given to me, i am glad to have it.
:)
i have the larger, double pump in style but i wanted to leave that at work and still have something at home.
i used this to pump in the morning before going to work or if i was unusually full.
it's efficient and has lasted through 2 babies - medela is a really great brand!
i wouldn't recommend this if you're pumping often from both sides - get a double pump, but it was a perfect supplemental pump for me.
my sister used this pump for 3 months (daily) and passed it down to me which i was able to use for 3 months (daily) and then it died on me.
i used it much more than the occasional use that it's meant for (which i didn't know this at the time).
i used it about 5-6 times a day for the first month and then 3 times a day for the following 2 months before it died.
it's horribly loud which can drive you nuts so i put a blanket over to drown out the noise.
my husband was actually glad when it died because then we could buy another one that's less noisy even if it meant we had to spend $200 on a new one.
i guess we got good use out of it considering how much it was improperly used but if you are looking to use a pump more than once per day i would definitely get the medela swing model...it's great and is much quieter.
after listening to a baby crying all the time, listening to this pump was the last thing i wanted to do so if you value silence...steer clear!
i love this pump!
it's the best single pump i've tried, and i've had a few different ones.
this pump is very slow so unless you have 45 minutes to an hour to pump 4 ounces, don't get this.
in addition to being slow, it began leaking while in use and this is only after being sparingly used for 5 months.
it's a waste of money all around!
awesome product, a little loud but overall does the job, we rented a machine from the hospital tht did the same for twice the money we paid for this, after realizing we needed additional time and they required additional fees, we opted to purchase this and keep rather than spend it on rental, great choice we made, highly recommended.
i bought this pump before leaving the hospital and it was a waste of money.
the motor cycles very slowly so when it's tugging on me all i can think is ouch...ouch...ouch...
i ended up buying a used pump-in-style online and love it.
i can pump both sides at once in less than 10 minutes and have a good-sized bottle to show for it.
i'm pretty sure i first bought this pump when i had my first 6yrs ago.
i only used it a couple of times then - we never got the nursing thing to work out.
when my second came along, i pulled out this pump and used it regularly for almost a year.
(especially if you may be on a budget)  yes, i know the motor is loud, and it took a little while for me to get used to it - but if that is something you can get past or it just doesn't bother you, this single breast pump is fantastic for the price.
(if you want a quiter one, look at the medela swing, but you also pay more)  it only took only 15-20 minutes to pump what my baby could nurse in the same amount of time.i mostly used the ac adapter, but i have taken it on the road and away from home quite a few times with batteries (2 aa if i remember?)
and it worked just as well.
i have never had problems with burning through batteries, they always lasted a long time, so long that i started using batteries while at home too so i wasn't stuck in one place.if i still had this laying around, i would also use it with our 3rd, who is expected in 2 mos.
but i have no idea if we gave it away to someone else, or where else it may have went to over the years.
i do plan on upgrading to the medela swing this time, and only for the noise factor.
this pump is very good.
i had to pump while my daughter was in the hospital the first month of her life.
during the day i used the hospital grade pumps at the hospital, but at night i used this pump until finally buying the double electric medela pump.
i got just as much milk with this pump as i did the hospital pump.
i only used the electric plug, never batteries.
it is a handy pump to have.
i don't see how a nursing mom can go without ever having to pump at some point, even if its for cereal when they start that.
medela is definitely the best pump to get, and don't even think about a manual one.
i never pump now since i'm home with my baby, but i am so glad i have this pump.
it is definitely loud, but putting a folded towel over it helps.
if you have to pump a lot, and can afford it, a double pump is the way to go though...it takes half the time, which is very important when you have a baby to take care of.
i found this gate hard to set up - the instructions weren't as clear as i would have liked and did not mention to remove the vertical bars before trying to adjust sections.
overall this appears to be a decent gate set - it easily configured to fit the area we needed to cordon off from our wee one.
however i do have a few issues with the gate that are keeping me from being completely satisfied.the biggest issue, to me, is the door release.
basically, you squeeze up on the handle and then pull the door up.
it actually takes a little  effort and the gate itself doesn't feel that it's truly sturdy enough for this abuse.
plus, did i mention it takes a lot of effort?
it's not as well designed as several of the other gates we've used.the second point is just how narrow this gate is.
i am not a large person and while i do fit through the opening i do worry that some of my larger friends may have a harder time of it.
this width of a coach class airline seat, maybe a tad less, and you have idea on the width of the opening.their are some good points.
when you have it set up, it feels like it's locked into place (unlike a few other large area gates i've used).
it does feel very secure.
additionally, it won't be hard to take the gate off it's wall moorings should i need to temporarily remove the gate.
however if you can avoid this gate and go for something else - you might be better off looking around.
this gate is grate especially if you have pets and stairs.
the only thing i didn't like about the gate is how hard it is to bend/configure each panel of the gate.
we have a soon to be 5 month old and he is not crawling yet but we wanted to be prepared.
we especially love the fact that you can take the entire gate off when not needed and it's easy to put up and take down.
it does the job of keeping the baby away from the stairs and the dog out of where she isn't allowed.
my husband said it was very easy to install.
i plan on buying another for the bottom set of stairs.the only reason i gave it four stars instead of five is because i do feel like it could be slightly sturdier for the abuse my three-year-old tries to give it.
the gate is easy to open and close, but not so easy that our toddler can figure it out.
i'm quite happy with the gate, although i had to spend $250 to make it fit the bottom of my stairs.
i removed the left 24" panel, replaced with an 8" extension, then inserted 3 more 8" extensions on the right.
the $30 8" extensions are way too expensive for what you get i think (and often arrive with scratches and rust due to the extra pole in the box).like many kidco gates, the instructions could have been better.
and it would be nice if the mounting hardware were metal instead of plastic.i used a 1/8" drill bit to create pilot holes before screwing into my banister (rather hard wood).
while it may be obvious to some to do that, others might not know, or might not know what size drill bit to use.
i tried a smaller one at first but the screw was extremely difficult to attach.
only when i used a 1/8" drill bit did it go in.
we got *seven* extensions for this and put a fence across our den, marking off a one-hundred-square-foot area for the lil'guy to crawl around in.
then hang stuff like toys, instruments, and mobiles from it.
we ended up buying one extension and are very pleased!!!
we put it together in about 30 minutes.
it's great because you can bend it into whatever configuration you need.
for us, we were hesitant to drill into our walls but didn't have another solution.
now that it's installed, we definitely feel like the safety and convenience factors far outway the problem of drilling into our walls.
i definitely recommend this gate!!
the elongate can only go straight across and opening.
it's extension are screwed together and have an overlap.
so the gate is not actually straight across.
took us some time to screw the extension in and then to screw the supports in and then to mark it on the wall.
took us over an hour.the configure gate is on the pricey side.
we almost did not buy it.
we use it at the bottom of our stairs and it bows out to give you an area so that the gate is not up against the stairs.it was so easy to add the extension piece on.
you just snap out the pole and add the extension piece.
you can bend the gate different ways to fit in the opening.to mount on the wall you just mark the screw holes and screw in the plate then snap the gate on.
it was mounted on the wall in less then 20 minutes.
it was very sturdy.i highly recommend this gate.
i love this gate!
this gate has solved all our problems.the door does not swing closed behind you, which i like.
the bar across the bottom of the door is very low compared to other gates, about an inch.
when the door is closed it is secure, much more so than our gate that swings shut behind you.
it's pricy, but very sturdy.
i purchased northyard gate also.
i like it better.
we have two landings where we use these gates and they work really well for them.
the first one was a little tricky to install but the second was much easier to do.
it can be difficult to open sometimes but i'd rather that than have it open too easily and have my child sneak through.
fast forward to home# 2 and three running , half-heathen boys.
the gate has stood-up to our abuse, the elements (having been outdoors since first acquired), and the dismantling and ressembly due to a move.we've never had a problem opening or closing the gate and find the opening more than adequate.
my larger friends due as well.we did buy another hearthgate to section off our family room from the rest of the house and yes, the mounting screws are coming out of the walls.
i desperately needed a gate asap since our new house had a narrow, metal spiral staircase with a gate which didn!t latch( yes, we immediately rectified our spiral staircase gate sitch and now have a key lock on it!)..
so as soon as i got the gate home, i installed it.
after almost two years of dogs nosing it, kids hanging on it, people pushing on it, the screws are finally beginning to come out of the wall.
i installed it while kids were napping.
i had to call the company after we received the wrong extension piece( wrong gate piece in extension piece's box)oh, fyi: even after all these years, our original hearthgate doesn't show any signs of rust.
we have a row home with very low banister.
i purchsed the kidco configure gate along with the extension and it fits perfectly and wraps around the area nicely and doesn't take up too much room.
for the purpose i gave it 5 stars, but i did feel both the gate and extension were a bit pricey.
it's such a long gate, that there is no stability... the whole thing kind of sways, and my toddler finally was able to pull it out of the wall.
it's nice because he feels included with everyone else there, but doesn't get upset by his brother knocking down or taking his legos.
highly recommend for that purpose.
we have used several other gates to block off the stairs in our home and have been frustrated with them all.
my husband and i wish that we had ordered this gate a year ago!
it was easy and quick for my handy husband to install at the base of the stairs.
the gait opens easily with one hand (the trick is to pull the latch and then lift the gate just a bit, which we didn't know to do and initially caused us to think the gate was defective until reading the directions.
this feature is nice as our toddler can pull at the latch but can't lift the gate to open it by herself).
the gate automatically swings shut, which is convenient, but will also stay open if opened to 90 degrees.
would highly, highly recommend this gate!
the installation was a little bit involved, since you have to screw the brackets into studs in the walls, but it only took about 20 minutes and we had it up.some tips for installing the gate:1.
try to mount the brackets to studs in your walls.
since you can configure the gate to any length/angle by changing the angle of each joint, try to configure it so that you can mount each bracket to a stud in the wall, so you don't have to worry about energetic kids pulling them out.3.
try to configure the gate so that each joint is at least at a 10 degree angle.
if you put them straight across, the gate will flex a little bit.
i run an in-home daycare in a townhouse in addition to having my own young children.this gate is by far the sturdiest gate i've used and it is my absolute favorite.
we used it in a previous home to surround the fireplace but have it in use for keeping children in the playroom across a large doorway now.the gate is attractive, too!
however, by then she understood and obeyed when i told her why she couldn't go through the gate.this gate is also taller than the average baby gate, which i love for my 12 month old climber.
she stacked pillows and climbed over the first gate i installed in that doorway.
the advertising for this gate made it seem like the right purchase for me, but i was wrong!
and if it breaks, you're out of luck with installing this gate.
the wall mounts are not the same as shown in the amazon picture, which is in the middle of the panel!
this became a problem for me because i have a window ledge that is lower than the wall mount location.
third, this kidco gate is clearly terribly overpriced.
if you have an irregular shaped area or room that needs a gate, i'd recommend that you look into the north states 3 in 1 super yard gate.
i bought this north states gate with a total of 6 panels (12 feet) and it did not have any of the problems i just described.
it was expensive, but cost less than the kidco.
overall, it is sturdier and better made too.
the north states gate can be placed at various angles too just like the kidco.
north states gate needs to amp up their advertising though because it isn't quite clear that it can do the same as the kidco gate at a better price too.
we have been using this system for about two months now.
we have 2.5 walls in what was once our dining room (now play room).
be sure you install it into the studs - infants will pull up on the railing.
they sent me free "templates" for the wall and i bought some screws (for another gate).i love this system.
i recommend it and would purchase another if needed.
the sounds were so soothing they helped him to sleep longer at night.
the only thing is this is better for smaller babies.
we have really enjoyed having this since my son was born.
we do not use the heartbeat or music setting, but he seems to like the other two settings which are more 'nature oriented.'
i love the automatic shut-off and the voice-activated modes.we have gone through one set of batteries already, but it took seven weeks to do so.
(that includes a few nights/naps that i forgot to press the automatic shut-off)  overall this is a great product and very useful.
the only good thing about this is the night light function.
!and for what it offers, the price is very attractive.four sounds, light, etc.
- you will be glad you bought it.our daughter can't sleep without it now :)
my daughter is now 11 weeks old, and we have used this since she was born.
we usually use the ocean sound, but once or twice we used the rainfall and she seemed to like that, too.
it's true that the lullabies sound mechanical, so we just don't use it.
we wanted white noise to soothe her and block out other noises.we always use the voice-activated mode, and when we first put her down, we just go "shh" into it or snap fingers to start it, when it begins to play for about 15 minutes, and then whenever she cries.
it does take a pretty decent sound from her to set it off, but that's okay -- her softer noises are usually in her sleep anyway.
she only sets it off a couple of times a night -- i think!the biggest drawback is batteries.
despite only using it on voice activate mode, when it's only on for 15 minutes at a time, we seem to have to change batteries about every two weeks.
we switched to rechargeables, and they seem to die even sooner -- but at least we can recharge them.
the unit runs through batteries even quicker if you use the night light -- even for only a few seconds to check on the baby.
this is hard for me to fathom, considering that our swing runs much more, and since our daughter was born, we have never had to replace the batteries!
good while it worked!
i only had it for three weeks when it stop working.
i changed batteries thinking that was the problem but the next day it stop working again.
it didn't play music and light would not turn off.
i am really disappointed.
buyer beware!
i wouldn't rate this as a baby necessity.
it was nice to have at times, but our baby was never really addicted to it.
i used the sounds as background noise when she was an infant, but not all the time.
i was afraid she would get hooked on sleeping with white noise and wouldn't sleep any other way.
the light was very helpful.
i used that all the time for middle-of-the-night nursing sessions.
it is very dim, so it is not bright enough to realy wake up baby (or you!)
but you can see enough to avoid fumbling around.
when i first had this product, i used it on my daughter's crib like it is intended.
then i realized it could also be placed on the side of the carrying handle on most infant car seats.
i found it worked great if my daughter was fussy in the car.
it helped lull her to sleep.
the added light is also a great feature to peak on her rather than turning on the bright overhead light in my car.
just make sure it is placed securely on the side of the handle to prevent it from falling.
i was a little woried about buying a metal crib, but because it was mutch cheeper than the wooden moddles i baught this one.
we have had it for over a year.
it hs traveled with us, surved as play pin, and iven was used as the main crib for 3 monthes while we have no room for a big crib.
i do wish it were a little easier to fold and ajust, although the litle buttons are stuck in mine it still works and is very safe.
should offer maybe 1 mor hight?
i like that the bottom of the ligs are removeable, the description doesn't say that.
this is a great crib so you wonder why i rated it 3 stars?
my 2 year old almost fell out of it ( don't worry i knew my 2year old could get out of it if he tried so i left the wheels off and daddy was right there and caught him) truthfully if you have a 2 year old get him a blow up bed with ridges around it for traveling.
otherwise this is a great pruduct for children under 2years whose shoulder are at or below the railing.
it is quite easy to put together and very sturdy with the wheels off but i never put them on so i wouldn't know how they are with them on.
it was a perfect temporary crib for our week vacation and i only used it for him to go to sleep in when i was laying on the bed right next to it.
the first crib they shipped me was damaged in the shipment, so i asked them to ship another one...the second one was also damaged...i was able to take pieces from both to make a useable one...it is a great crib!
it folds up and can be rolled on it's wheels even when folded.
it can be assembled very quickly.
so i rate the item very high, but check out your product when you receive it because the fedex guys really beat ours up!
it assembled in under 10 minutes, which is unusual since most baby items take several people and loads of patience to figure out complicated directions.
it handles easily and can roll between doorways with no problem.
we gave it only three stars because i felt the metal bars were spaced too far apart and are not baby-friendly since the standard portable crib bedding doesn't come up high enough to protect little heads from getting bumped.
our child already hit her head twice and the bedding did nothing to cushion the blow.
we'll get better use out of it when the second baby comes since we don't have lots of space to fit another full size crib.
when we decided to leave her with grandma for a few nights we knew we needed a crib.
the mattress is thin and we purchased a mattress for it for about $20.
i bought portable crib sheets at babies r us and they work great.
my daughter sleeps in this like her regular crib and i think we will get a lot of use from it!
it does fold nice and flat, but it is still large for the average car.
it would be nice if they made one that has sides that fold in half for storage, but no one does!
i love this crib.
it is so cute and i love the fact that they sell a bedding set for it.
i wish i would have gotten this crib from the begining.
great crib, easy to assemble (it was pretty much assembled when it arrived!)
my 6 month old son who is almost 20 pounds fits well in it, but i had to double wrap a bumper pad around it so he wouldn't roll into the cold metal!
i am not sure how long he will fit into it, but i love its portability and how i feel there is no rush to move my happy 2 yr old out of his crib.
i thought it was a good product for a fair price.
he has been using it for the past 8 months with no problems.
but just yesterday i saw a sticker on the side of the strap that said the table had a 20 lb weight limit!
i was surprised.
my son almost weighs that and i don't want to buy another table now.
next time i will buy a more substantial one for more money that can be used longer.
this changing table has lots of space for keeping babies things handy.
you can put everything you need like diapers, rash ointment, powder, wipes tee shirts ,burp cloths on one of the shelves and still have room for a few toys.
i have never had a problem with this and i used it for two kids.
it wasn't hard to put together--my husband put it together in a 1/2 hr or so.
it provides ample space for diapers, burp clothes, blankets, and other items you may need on it.
the table comes with a simple foam mattress, which is easily wiped off with a cloth.
no problems encountered at all.
i tried to put it together and i could not figure it out!
it does not seem very sturdy at all and i would be worried putting her on it.
i am returning it back to the store.
maybe i just picked up a bad one.
i bought this changing table with the matching delta jenny lind crib from another store (shop around for the best price).
when they arrived, my husband and i set up the changing table first.
it was very easy for us to set up (although i think it would be quite difficult for just one person to do).
i did feel like the wood was going to crack at times, as in some places it must be strained to fit together while you tighten the screws, but it held up in the end, and is actually much sturdier than it looks like it is going to be when you take it out of the box.
are there nicer, sturdier products out there?
absolutely, but you're going to pay for the difference.
overall, we are very pleased with the value of the product for the price.however, as a side note, the oak crib did not match its "matching" changing table.
we took the items back to exchange for a matching set, only to receive another unmatched set.
this is a good solid dressing table.
we received it because my in-laws found it at a consignment shop, so i can't comment about other reviewers' concerns regarding assembly.
the table serves the purpose and is a good value for those who don't want to spend a lot of money on a dressing table.
we didn't feel that we needed a fancy dressing table and instead opted to purchase a more expensive crib, which is really the focal point of the nursery.
the dressing table has two shelves that are quite convenient for holding supplies.
i placed baskets on those shelves to hold diapers, etc.
i purchased these covers because there doesn't seem to be anything else to fit the contoured changing pad.
even after just one washing, the cover already shrunk.
i washed in cold water and dried on low since i had read the reviews saying they would shrink.
i don't see the problem with the straps either.
mine are attached to the bottom of the pad, so there is no need for any slits for them.
overall, these covers serve their purpose, and that's about all.
i would definitely suggest covering your changing pag with something so that all the yuck doesn't get down into all the little crevices of the pad.
you might prefer covering the pad with a receiving blanket, so you can easily toss it in the washer with no worries when it becomes soiled.
i have had this from the day my daughter came home from the hospital and it has held up in the wash. no major accidents on it but the few there were are due to my not folding up the stinky diapers all the way or her spitting up.
washes well and never shrunk for me.
if you are washing it on warm your water temp may be too high(hot water heater) so that may be causing it to shrink.
i love mine and it is softer now then first use and it is secure so she does not slide like when we tried a towel on the changing pad.have had the same 2 since february and look like new.
would have given this 5 stars but this is not as soft as i had hoped...maybe expecting alot from terry cloth.
we haven't had any shrinkage problems, but the terry material isn't soft at all.
even when it's machine-dried, it's stiff and rough as if it were line-dried.the pad's safety straps stick out easily enough from under the edges of the cover, but since they are from the same manufacturer it really was poorly designed.
the softness of this cover makes up for the fact that you have to stretch it a bit to fit your changing pad.
at least once you have it on, you know that it's a snug fit and won't pop off!
i used this when i became too sore to use my electric pump.
the milk seeps under the pump guard and it leaks out from the edges onto clothes.
i wouldn't even say getting this as a pump for when you're on the go is a good idea because the leaking milk will get all over leaving you with clean up.
i had to buy a replacement part because the bottom part that screws on the base of the pump cracked from sterilizing (which it says you can do).
they don't sell just that one little piece so i had to buy the actual pump again as a part.
the entire system just isn't durable or made for much use.
also, cleaning down into the bend of this pump thoroughly is practically impossible.
it is so much easier to use and more comfortable than the medela pump they had me using in the hospital to increase my supply.it seems very complicated to put together the first couple of times, and it took me a little practice to get to where i had the pump (and myself) positioned properly to get consistent suction.
i can pump enough for an entire feeding in 20-25 minutes.it does occasionally lose suction when i am using it because the soft plastic massaging attachment comes loose from the hard body of the pump.
this requires me to stop momentarily but isn't a huge deal, just a minor annoyance.
and it seems that the more i get used to the pump, the less this happens.this morning, i was even able to hold my fussing baby on one arm while pumping with my free hand.
talk about convenient....the lactation consultant who taught my breastfeeding class said this pump is so popular that medela is now trying to copy the design.considering the price, i'd rate it an outstanding buy.
recently, while on vacation i misplaced the membranes for my medela pump in style breastpump, which are vital for operation.
unable to nurse, i have provided my son with breastmilk by pumping three times a day since birth.
i was concerned about maintaining my milk supply, not to mention the discomfort of very full breasts, so i purchased the isis breastpump because i use avent products and like the idea of being able to pump right into the feeding bottle, 4 oz, 9 oz or disposable.
i found this pump to be great in a pinch, or for a weekend away.
i bought this pump because i am an at home mom and don't need anything quicker.
i saw no need to spend the extra money to save time when i have plenty of it.
plus, once your milk really start to come in and your baby has been breast feeding for a few months, the milk really flows.
it wasn't especially useful for the first few months because expressing was just not feasible yet without a hospital grade pump.
now that it is, i love this pump.
it doesn't hurt my nipples, and the small breast milk storage containers fit right on the pump.
i bought the disposable one because it came with the storage bags and the bottle to hold them.
i thought they would be useful for when i need to have more than 4 ounces.
the bags hold 7 and are very easy to thaw.
this breast pump is definitely worth the money.
i have been breastfeeding my son, since he was born, and now he is 9 months old.
i couldn't have done it without this avent pump.
as a first time mother, i always knew i wanted to breastfeed my child, but it was a lot harder for me than i thought it would be.
my son had trouble latching on in the hospital, and so, until he could breastfeed consistently (i went to a lactation consultant and she worked wonders), i was pumping my breast milk for him.
at the hospital, they provided me with a medela manual pump.
it was painful.
i eventually got calluses from pumping with the medela pump.
so then i was considering whether to buy the medela electric or the avent isis, and i went for the avent, a much more economical buy.
this pump is so comfortable, it really imitates the suckling action of the baby.
at first, all the parts might seem overwhelming, but when you put the pump together, it's a breeze and washes easily.
i chose the disposable system because i thought it would be more convenient if i traveled to take the pump, however, i find i use the reusable 4 oz bottles a lot more frequently.
whether you're taking the pump on vacation,to work, to extract milk for an occasional bottle or to mix for cereal, this pump is a great buy.
now that my son is older, it is harder for me to pump so much milk (the let-down takes a little longer, and he drinks less, so i do have to pump a bit), but it's so convenient if you have to go out and run an errand, or freeze your milk so that you'll always have supply on hand for the babysitter.
i was hoping for more of a pad feel to make my baby's mattress softer but this is more like a waterproof cover with some quilting as an afterthought.
didn't make the matress any softer.
it never even made it into the dryer.
what a waste of money.
this pad makes our 1 year old daughter's colgate classic mattress not feel so hard, but at the same time it is thin enough and seems safe for younger babies.
it's probably the first amazon purchase, after a couple hundred, that really left me disappointed.
you're better off putting a thick, soft blanket under your baby's crib sheet if padding is what you're going for.
as a mattress protector, it might be good.
as a quilted pad to make it softer- it's useless.
the packaging it came in is less than 1.5 inches thick if that gives you any indication as to how thin the entire thing can be folded up to.
my 7 month old wouldn't have even noticed a difference.
he naps so well on our tempurpedic with a down topper that i wanted to get him a little something to soften his mattress with now that he's older.
guess i'll have to keep looking.
i had to open the windows to get rid of the smell in the room even after i wrapped the pad back in plastic.
i can't imaging my baby being in the same room with this product, let alone sleep on it!
i also realized that there is no need to have a water proof mattress pad because most crib mattresses these days already come in a water proof cover.
the non-waterproof cover i got was a much better choice for my baby.
first of all why is this product listed under toys?now to the point.
i bought this hoping that it would help replicate a pillow top mattress as my son has been co-sleeping with me and he has become accustomed to my mattress and i want to try to transfer him to his own bed.
sadly this isn't as plump as what it looks or as much as what other reviewers try to make it out to be.
i even tried it out by placing my son's mattress on the floor and lying on it myself, his mattress still feels hard as a rock!
plus his mattress is a simmons beauty rest foam mattress with square corners, so it's slightly bigger than the average mattress and this pad still fits loosely on it, but i will add that a well fitted sheet seems to help fix this problem a little.
so far it has held up in the wash, but mind you i wash it on cold and dry it on extra low.
my son is just over 4 months old and i don't have any worries about sids because of this product.
to give you an idea of the thickness of this pad it is just over the width of my pinky finger so about 1-2cm.
it is a little more expensive that other mattress pads, but in my opinion it is worth it.
the crib sheet alone wasn't enough to keep him from sweating.
just make sure the pad fits tightly on your crib mattress for safety's sake.
unlike many other pads on the market, this one is very soft and durable.
i'm trying to get the toxic smell out of this mattress pad.
i've washed it 4 times so far and now i'm airing it outside.
it is the plastic liner that smells toxic.
the pad itself is quite a lot thinner than i expected based on the reviews.
it might make a difference in wetness protection but i don't imagine it could make much of a difference in comfort.
that is all i need.
it goes in the washer and the dryer.
not only that it is thick and fluffy, like a good quality mattress cover should be to add softness and quality of sleep to a bed.
i only need one.
it's quite a necessity.
this fits well and is so soft.
i haven't found it to be the best with waterproofing, though.
i actually bought this b/c my toddler's new bedding set showed his mattress design too much.
this was my solution and he seemed to love it too!
:)
i love it!
he has peed through his sheets twice so we have washed it 3 times and it is still in as good condition as when we bought it the week before he was born 9 weeks ago.
i will be getting another one soon.
look through the reviews and you can see many people upset about these leaking.
they are correct!
because it only happens to one in about four or five reviewers, i think there must be a problem with production.
maybe some are leaky, some are not.
fact is, out of ten bottles, five of mine were leaky.
i ended up throwing the whole lot out after using more money on paper towels than bottles.save yourself the headache and get evenflo or playtex.
they are half the cost and never leak
don't waste your money!
overpriced leaky bottles!
i went to the avent website and they said that i was overtightening the bottles and that was causing the leak.
well less tightening did not help.
don't waste money.
i am using the playtex premium nurser now and it's much better.
at 2 months of age, my doctor said to start supplementing my breastmilk with formula at each feeding.
she would not take the avent bottle.
we switched to playtex and have had no problems.the nipples are sooo long and even the "slow flow" alow for much more formula thru than the playtex.now, the only use our avent bottles get is to store the formula made for the day in the fridge.
maybe as she gets older, she will like the avent style nipple....
i bought a few avent bottles when i was at a grocery store and had to have a bottle right then and this was all they had.
i was not disappointed in the quality of the bottle, but i was not overly impressed.
i did not notice a change in my son's spitting up using these bottles, either.the downside of using the avent system is that, once you commit, you're really committed - the bottles and bottle parts do not fit standard bottles and parts.
i now have a wide variety of bottles and bottle parts, and the avent bottles sit largely unused because i cannot mix and match the parts.
these bottles proved to be better than any other bottle.
myb baby gets much less gas from these than any other on the market.
i have bought and wasted money on so many different brands of bottles.
dont waste your money and just go exclusivly with these.
and i have still come back to them in the end as they have kept me from the dreaded nipple confusion.
i rate them 2nd only to the dr.brown wide neck, and that is only because of the gas issue.
they are super easy to break down and clean.
and yes, i had the same problem with the nipple leaking at first.
however, after a couple runs through the dishwasher and sometime just opening and reclosing the bottle, i haven't had the problems since.
they have never leaked with me but i have never screwed the lid on too tightly.
you have to remember that.
when you overtighten the lid, the nipple gets distorted and the seal is broken.
my husband and others in the family have had this problem.
it is probably always helpful to test for leaks (when you test the temp of the milk) before you give it to the baby, just to make sure.i like the plastic they use.
they are easily to hold (thanks to the curve) and i really like the wide mouth of the bottles which make them easy to clean....and you are pretty sure they are clean!
!i bought the newborn starter set and the infant set and together they are all i require for bottles and a breastmilk storage set!
!all in all i think they were a great buy and worth it.
i would use them all over again and would use avent with my next baby too.
i thought that i could test a bottle and cup, to see if avent was really telling the truth when they said all the parts were interchangeable.
well, they are.
they also have more nipple selections, depending on how fast your child drinks.one thing i wish avent has was a design or something on the bottle.
i did find that if you buy the evenflo cool pals 9 oz.
cup holder, these fit in them great.i would suggest only getting 2 packs of these, couple of magic cups with handles and some extra spouts (have at least 2 green ones and 1 white one).
these bottles are a good choice if you're breastfeeding, but have to introduce a bottle.
my son has never had a problem going from the breast to this bottle and back to the breast again.also, after months of frequent use, i have never experienced the leaking problem with these bottles mentioned by some other reviewers.
i also know of other moms who have used these for more than a year and no leaks either.
i have even taken the tops apart and put them back together and still no leaks.
my wife chose avent on recommendation from a friend and we glad we did.
they also fit right into avent bottle warmer, which we also have.
wanted to use the avent line, but baby just wouldn't take this nipple.
went with playtex ventaire natural instead.
looks like a science lab...but baby switches easily from breast to bottle.
avent bottles are not as great as all the write ups.
they allow to much air to enter the baby's system.
spend your money on a better bottle like dr. brown's or platex.
i know several new mother's who bought in the ad hype about these bottles and ended up trashing them and buying something else.
i wouldn't use any other kind of bottle for several reasons:1- they work great with the avent breast pump.2- they have wide mouth openings and this makes it easier to clean the bottle as well as dump formula or breast milk into the opening.3- the nipples are silicon and this is very important to me since i understand from my research silicon nipples are less apt to cause breastfeeding nipple confusion.4- the nipples seem to mimic a breast more than any other nipple on a bottle i have seen.
i was concerned about nipple confusion for the few times i wanted to bottle feed instead of breast feed and i understand that these are some of the best available that mimic a mother's breast.5- we have noticed that our children have less gas when they use these bottles rather than a normal, cheap type bottle.
(maybe it's our imagination, but we think that this is the case.
my husband sometimes screws a lid on wrong and gets shaking it and formula leaks out the sides.
this is only when he doesn't screw the lid on correctly.
i have never had this problem.we wouldn't use any other type of bottle.
they are well worth the money.
i used these bottles with my first son and would have given them about 3.5 stars.
i would be the first to tell you if they were not fixed just right they would leak.
after trying all others once again with my daughter i decided to use these.
when i went to buy new nipples i noticed they looked different.
oh, wow, what a diffrence.
baby is 4 months old and no leaks.
the really great thing is you can tighten these bottle to your hearts content.
i tightened it as tight as i could and it didn't leak a bit.
i am extremely satisfied with these bottles now and will use them untill baby is weaned.
my son has reflux so we have an ongoing battle with spit up in our house.
when i stopped breast feeding i tried a couple different types of bottles and eventually ended up sticking with dr. brown's because they helped the most with his gas and spit up.
after 3 months of washing all of the parts that dr. brown's bottles have, i decided to try avent.
i like the bottles, they are made of a good quality material and they are wide, which made it really easy for me to mix formula in them.
my son didn't have a problem latching on or anything, and his gas didn't get any worse, but his spit up became out of control!!!!
he began spitting up twice as much as he did on the dr. brown's bottles.
i was forced to switch back to dr. brown's because i just couldn't handle changing his clothes and mine 5 times a day.
so they just didn't work for my baby.
however, i never had a problem with them leaking...they are pretty good bottles!
don't bother buying these if you want your baby to take in less air.
go with the dr. brown's.
my kids actually ingested more air b/c of the nipple shape - they just couldn't get their mouths around the large base.reasons i give 2 stars:-well-made-easy to clean
my son is breast fed, but we have given him an occasional bottle.
he refused these.
i got them because of all the great things i heard about them.
i thought it would be easier for him to switch back and forth.
he hates them.
he hate the playtex disposables too.
i had nothing but leakage problems with these bottles.
i contacted the company and they told me all these different tips of assembling the bottles that should stop leakage.
needless to say none worked.
i am although stuck with eight of the smaller ones.
first off let me say when you are sleep deprived you dont' want to be worrying if the bottle lip has a drop of water on it that will cause it to leak or if you have over tightened or under tightened.
there is no time to worry about all these little things when you have a hungry screaming baby.
the bottles are by far not cheap and there shouldn't be so many issues.
i have many friends that have said that theirs leaked as well...too bad they didn't tell me before i registered for them.
oddly enough if you buy a bottle in the .99 cent store you don't have all these issues.
when i returned the larger ones to babies r us there were a lot of other returns as well.
i will give these to my daughters to play with their dolls.
in addition to the leakage i noticed that my son was extremely gassy and would cry so much after eating.
i have told my friends who are registering now to save their money and find an alternate bottle.
i spent so much money on these bottles while i was pregnant, because they were supposively the best bottles to use while breastfeeding.
the bottles are expensive so i thought they must be good bottles.
wrong.
i tried using these bottles when my baby was two weeks old, and the feeding session ended in complete frustration on mine and my baby's part.
the nipple shape is horrible.
even the newborn nipples are waaaaay too long for a newborn's mouth ( and my baby has a big mouth.
he was 9 lbs at birth) .
not to mention that these bottles let him suck soooo much air and caused him to spit up several times.
i thought maybe my baby was just having problems with taking a bottle, so i went and bought the playtex ventaire.
those bottles are a lot cheaper and soooooooooooo much better.
he took the bottle immediately and didn't get nearly the amount of air.
don't waste your money on these bottles.
so if you are pregnant, don't make the same mistake that i did and buy a whole load of these bottles thinking that they are the best.
after trying dr. brown's, playtex, and even the cheap bottles, avent bottles have come to my rescue.
i have never had a problem with the nipples clogging, even after putting them in the dishwasher a few times (i had this problem with all other nipples).my 3 month old daughter can finish a 6 oz bottle in 10 minutes instead of the 45 it took with the other bottles.
also, i have never ever had a problem with leaking, i think many other moms who do are probably not reading the directions or using common sense.
if you tighten any bottle too tight, it will leak.
in fact, my daughter will burp better now than with her other bottles.
we ended up selling all the other ones to our local baby consignment shop and spent the money on more avent bottles.
they leak like mad... and although you tell yourself you must be doing something wrong because no bottle should leak this much, it's not your fault.
it's these idiotic bottles!
i can't imagine how they passed any kind of testing when they were being made.
please don't buy them, it is a huge waste of money!
these bottles leak.
it doesn't matter how you assemble them, or if you assemble them wet, or dry, or in space, or in a cave.
they leak.
terribly.
they will even replace your leaky bottles if you call 1800 54avent.
buy dr. browns instead.
i give 5 stars to all avent products.
i have had no problems, whatsoever, with avent.
we have tried every bottle out there and like these the best for our newborn.
there are a few drawbacks.
the bottles also leak which is annoying.
the bottles are easy to clean.
i purchsed these bottles on a recommendation from a friend who was breast feeding as well.
the fact that the nipples were to more mimic the breast than others was great and the fact that you could use the bottles as storage containers when pumping was even better.
when i first had my daughter, we had to put her on a bottle a week after she was here to help me have time to heal.
she was getting one bottle a day and was having no problem going back and forth from breast to bottle regularly.
the nipples are not supposed to be shaped as the breast but force the baby to latch the way they do on the breast.
i swear by these bottles ans will not change to any other bottles for her!
not sure if this says anyhting about the "anti-colic nipples", but whatever.here are some of the major comments i have:leaking-they only leak if you don't dry them completely or put the lid on wrong.
they have leaked on me b/f but only occasionally when they are wet.
they even have variable flow nipples so you don't have to buy three sets.
a friend of mine uses different ones that only had two different flows and was envious of my choices!grow with me- the fact that the whole set is interchangeable is great.
fabulous.
to me, this also justifies the cost.
i sterilise mine every day and there has been no fading of level markers (a problem with another make i tried.)
or discolouration of bottles.
they come with a whole range of accessories like handles and sippy cup teats for older babies and so will go from day 1 right through to when you no longer need sippy cups.
the best thing for me is the fact that you can get specially designed teats that allow for thicker liquids (my son had rice in his milk at 8 weeks (with doctors approval) because he is so big (90th percentile) and was so very hungry.
the adjustable flow teat has a slot cut instead of a hole and so the flow depends on the way the teat is lined up with the babies nose.
they also hook up directly to an avent breast pump either the manual or electric.
i just cannot say enough good about them - well, here's an idea.
i have 8 of them!
the nipples can be a little pricey at times but check out the stores and babies rus - they're on sale at different times in the year and you can save about 15-20% on them.
i wouldn't use anything else.
target puts them on sale as well.
the silicone nipples are so much nicer than the rubber ones on regular bottles, and if you nurse and use bottles as a supplement, these are the more like yourself so the baby has an easier taking it.
the bottles withstand hundreds of washings in a dishwasher without the markings being washed off.
i received one in a gift set and my husband immediately ran out and bought a week's worth - they're just so much easier to use and they fit so well on the fridge shelves, plus those huge plastic caps that fit over the nipples are easy to remove and makes you feel like everything is cleaner.
hi, i had these bottles back in 2002 when my son was born because the hospital gave them to us to use to feed the baby.
i had no problems but when i bought more when i got home, i had nothing but leaky problems!!!
i emailed avent 2 times and they told me first that i have to call them to "talk about it" i said forget it and then i complained again when the leaking kept happening.
they said that i was not putting the nipple and ring on correctly.
they told me to only turn the ring until u feel it just attatch to the bottle and do not over tighten.
my point of writing about this now in 2005 when i used these bottles in 2002 is that i cannot beleive this problem has not been corrected yet!!!
we think we have another baby on the way and i know that we will not, not, not, be getting avent bottles!!!
avent bottles have more bpa than any other leading brand.
bpa free brands include born free, nurture pure, mam, green to grow, baby life and adrini.
(for those that missed the news reports - bpa is a chemical found in some plastics that a recent national institutes of health report indicated may be harmful, especially to infants.)
we love how big these are and they are so easy for someone to mix formula in.
i have had 3 children, all formula fed from birth, and we only used this brand with the 3rd child - mainly because i could not find the brand i used previously (canon babysafe).yes, they are more expensive, but if you think how many times you use them and wash them ... you certainly get your money's worth.
i only have 6 and this suits us perfectly.i have not had any trouble with leaks and find they seal quite well for outings when they are in my nappy bag.my baby took the teat from birth with no problems.
but i know some mother's who had babies that just wouldn't take this teat and they had to switch brands.
i guess with everything to do with babies it's a case of trial and error to find what suits you and your baby.what i like about the bottles is that the wide opening makes them extremely easy to wash and easy to put formula in.
i used the narrow necked bottles previously and i was forever spilling formula trying to put the formula in with the scoops.
these bottles are very finicky and if you do not put them together just right they will leak... not drip... pour out all over the floor, and if it is breast milk that is gushing out of the bottle you may just be crying too!i ended up with a full set of these bottles (without the ring) and one that required the ring (which i felt leaked less), i could never justify going out and buy all new bottles, so i dealt with these for 11 months.
i have now weaned my son off of these and onto a sippy cup because i just could not deal any longer!what's the trick?
this requires two hands, so you will also need to find a place to put down your screaming baby while you concentrate and get it all lined up perfectly.
once you have them lined up, now screw on the top.
now, shake it and see.... it leaks!
it is because when you screw the top onto the bottle the nipple shifts and turns as you screw it on tight, so all that time you spent lining up the holes with the slots is garbage.
take it off and try again.
finally you will get it right and only then can you give the bottle to your starving child.i cannot wait to throw them all in the trash.
i have zero complaints about these bottles.
they may be pricy compared to other bottles, but, you don't have to buy liners for these bottles.
my daughter found these bottles much easier to hold herself than the playtex ones and these have a bigger selection of nipple flow to choose from (besides slow and fast, where fast for playtex really just means not so slow), so i put them away and got more of these, and my daugher was a much happier baby.what i found with the leaking some people complain about: if there is any liquid in the seal it will leak.
this problem can easily be solved by wiping the inside of the ring that holds the nipple and the outside rim of the bottle with a dry rag, and if it squeaks when you screw the lid on, you're not going to have any leaks.hope this helps!
i have tried five different types of bottles and these are horrible.
don't waste your money.
dr. brown's is the way to go!
sent me 3 bottles one of which didn't have a lid in the box.
just buy them at the store for more money, at least you'll get all the parts with it.
5 stars for avent, -5 stars for seller.
never had one problem.
no leaks, nada one.
i also was able to attach these to the isis breast pump.
5 stars
in 2000 when my first son was born, i bought the avent bottles to go with my isis breast pump (which i love) because everyone raved about how they were the best.
the first time my son tried the bottle with a newborn nipple he couldn't get anything to come out.
after trying for awhile, i finally called avent and they told me to move up to a different size nipple.
these bottles worked out relatively well after that dilemma.
with me second son i assumed i would use the bottles again and tried the newborn nipple with the opposite result.
the flow was way too fast for him and he would choke and spit out half the milk every time i would try to feed him.
i finally gave up on avent bottles and went with the much cheaper and economical evenflo classic bottles (on the recommendation of the lactation consultant.)
in my opinion the avent bottle system is superior to any other product on the market.
the disposable system works great for storing and freezing milk and it's convenient for mom's on the go.
my only mistake was not buying enough bottles in the beginning when my son ate eight times a day.
the bottles are designed to reduce gas, and seem to do the job.
- i purchased the adjustable flow nipples when my son turned three months old as recommended, but nowhere in the product information does it tell you that you are supposed to line-up the roman numerals of the nipples directly in line with your baby's nose to adjust the flow.
this makes sense of course, but i had to call the 1-800 number to discover this 'little' detail.
i had and hated the ventair!
stupid leaky valves!
this bottle feels nice in the hand to feed and my husband like them too.
the placement on the babys face with the nipple is perfect too.
i decided to breastfeed my second son,when that didn't work out, i used playtex nursers.
we often fell asleep while he was eating and would wake up soaked in formula.
not a good thing because formula stains and then you have to change baby and you in the middle of the night (and pretreat clothes and wash them if you didnt want to end up replacing them).i decided to try these after seeing an add in a magazine.
no more buying and changing liners (which by the way would always break even if i was being very careful when i "burped" the bottle...its hard enough to burp baby without trying to burp a bottle!
i never had to burp my avent bottles.
they never leaked for me.
and i rarely had to change the nipple which hold up very well to repeated dishwashings!
if you think about it these really are cheaper then playtex nursers as you dont have to buy the liners and worry about them breaking and getting formula all over yourself in the mall and then having no formula and having to leave anyways...
i decided to use these because i wanted the avent breast pump and would use these with it.
well, my newborn had a hard time latching onto the nipples and when he did they were way too fast with the flow.
i now use the playtex ventaire bottles and he doesn't have as much of a problem.
every baby is different, though, but if you have a baby that tends to want to eat quickly, these won't work so well.
my daughter was born 3 & 1/2 weeks early and had to stay at the hospital for a week, she was lazy at the breast but did great with these bottles which came highly recommended by a friend.
i only have an ocassional problem with leakage when you twist it shut it seems that every 1 in 10 times it leaks.
i don't mind the leaking except that it takes several tries to re-twist it before it stops leaking.
i hate losing precious breastmilk to leaks, thats why i gave it only 4 stars.
i've noticed leaking a couple times and just rescrewed the cap and it was fine.
these bottles are pretty good.
she makes quite a mess while drinking from these.
the nipple and caps fit snug.
also, they work great as breast milk storage containers.
you can take out the nipple and put the insert in the cap for freezer storage.
i like that.
my daughter doesn't get a bottle often, but when she does this in one of the types i use.
we switched to dr. bown's and he took to it with little problem.
as he got older and bigger we later switched and are currently using the avents.
why did we switch?
cleaning dr. brown's bottles sucks!
there are so many little parts that all need special brushes to clean with that it takes forever to wash bottles.
plus, the brown bottles are thinner but taller and just don't seem to pack away as well.
however, if your baby is picky there isn't much you can do.
for expecting parents, i would not recommend buying a bunch of one type over the other.
i've only tried the 9oz bottles and they leak for me alot.
it's really annoying since i spent so much money thinking that they were quality.
and he doesn't like the nipple, it's too thick for him to get a good suction.
one thing that is good is these bottles don't give him gas which i've tried cheap bottles and he gets gassy with them.
after trying alot of bottles the only brand i have absolutely no problem with is the dr.brown bottles.
they are just the best.
but they have extra parts to clean which is a pain.
i recieved boxes of these bottles as gifts, every one of them leaks.
i tried everything to stop the leaks, but nothing worked.
avent makes a great manual breast pump, but they need to put a better bottle on the market.
i like the bottles.
have only had trouble with leaking a few times when i had the cap to tight.
you just have to take off the lid and start over.
the avent bottles are great if you breastfeed, but i would caution you not to put them in your dishwasher.
all of my 9oz bottles have cracks in them because of the dishwashing detergent (according to avent).
if you notice star like cracks on your bottles call avent's customer service.
they have a good quality for the price, in my country the buttle avent are so expensive, i love trade avent
these bottles are great!
i've never had a problem with any of my bottles leaking.
my daughter loves these bottles she's already strating to try to hold bottles herself while i am feeding her.
i love them too since they are easy to clean and handle.
i highly recommend this collection of bottles.
ever since the day my daughter got home from the hospital she has been using the avent bottles.
for a few days even the stage 1 nipples were a little too fast for her, but she got used to it.
she loves the nipple shape which is so much like my breast.
in all actuality i like the bottle, but my little aliya loves it.
after introducing her to avent she rejected most other bottles, she wouldn't even take the new ventair bottles.
a great product!
when i opened the first package i was amazed at how stiff the nipples were that are included with these bottles.
stiffness is hardly a correct simulation of the breast.
the bottles are also very wide and hard for little hands to grip when they begin to hold their own bottles.
i also saw no indication that my son got any less air from using the avent system.
i much prefer the softer, easier to hold, less air producing playtex nursers which is what we ended up switching him to.
the nipple is so long that my infant was gagging everytime i tried to feed her.
it isn't great for infants that are nursing...my daughter had a fit when i tried to feed her.
not only was she gagging, but she just didn't like the nipple.
i have been using those bottles and nipples ever since, and she is doing great when i need to switch from breast to bottle.
the bottles worked great for the first six months and then.....they all leaked.
i hate these bottles and plan to switch!!!
i have never had a problem with the bottles leaking and my baby is very happy.
she doesn't have gas problems or gas pains.
she loves drinking from the bottles and refuses to drink from any other bottle.
yes, sometimes there is a slight leak when shaking...
i found that is from formula powder getting stuck between the nipple and the bottle, and breaking the seal.
so, when it happens i just wipe the rim of the bottle, take the nipple out of the ring, rinse the nipple and ring, and then the problem's gone.
these bottle seem virtually indestructible to me, and haven't discolored with age of anything.
(although, old nipples do discolor.
)it's hard to believe my mom gave me bottles with little bags in side... what a pain and mess that must have been!!!
we switched to the playtex ventaire bottles when she was 6 weeks old, and problem solved!
no more crying from gas, she hardly ever spits up anymore, and she has a much easier time at feedings.
so, i highly recommend trying something other than the avent bottles for small infants.
maybe later, when our baby is a bit older we'll pull out the avent bottles again, but for now, we aren't using anything except playtex ventaire.
i went through 4 different bottle systems (and a lot of $$) - and i'm sticking with avent.
when i became pregnant i planned on using these bottles, i bought everything bottle warmer,sterilizer,breast pump, and a ton of bottles and nipples.
well 2 weeks into using them i threw them out the window.
my daughter had  very bad gas.
when i switched bottles the gas stopped.
plus the bottles are  expensive......you  have to keep buying new  nipples there are sooo many different sizes.
a waste i think, most bottles have 2 fast or slow but there seemed to be 4 different sizes or more.
these bottles were terrible for us.
they leaked no matter how many times i tried and followed the directions.
they also did not keep my daughter from being gassy.
as soon as we changed her bottles to the dr. browns she slept through the night with no wake ups.
they are a little "pricey", but they are worth every penny.
they are heaven sent - my baby has a full happy little tummy!
i am breastfeeding currently but i do like to leave the house every so often.
when i get the chance i'll pump directly into one of these bottles using the isis pump.
i love the nipples of this bottle because they are the most like the human nipple and my baby has not developed nipple confusing because of this.
one thing that all avent users should know...if you read the directions carefully for the pump, the makers tell you not to use anti-bacterial soap on any of their products.
doing so can cause the plastic to crack.
i just wash all the parts as directed using regular dish soap and then sterilize all the parts using the avent sterilizer.
that too is convenient and easy to use.i would recommend these bottles to any woman who is breastfeeding and will have to return to work.
the main problem across the board though is the fact that the bottles leak.
i knew from the beginning not to tighten them too hard, but even so, we have had problems.
it just goes to show there is not perfect bottle or stroller for that matter out there!
example: microwave sterilize them and after a couple of minutes, pour a stream of recently boiled water; mix with formula and put next to the ice bin in the freezer for five minutes.
do this with your average bottle a few times and be ready to say bye-bye to them, but avent bottles hold on strong and in the process also happen to offer the best bibs in the market (the ones that best mimic the nipple, thus giving your baby the least gas, if you feed the bottle perpendicular to his/her mouth).
my daughter liked the nipple but got to much air.
i tried these and the dr. brown but ended up going back to playtex nursers(i used these with all my other kids) i wouldnt recommend these.
my son hates them.. the nipples are too hard for him and it takes him forever to get anything from them..
he wears himself out sucking on them.
i finally switched to the gerber comfort hold bottles which he loves.
they are similar but have softer nipples.
my son is no longer cranky from not getting enough formula.
i never had a problem with leaks however as some people said.
i have been using these bottles for about 5 months now.
i really like them.
i solve this problem by just unscrewing the nipple/lid and then rescrewing it on slowly so i know it is getting a good tight even seal.
these bottles just didn't work for my baby.
we tried and tried for 3 and 1/2 months to get my baby to take these bottles but it just didn't work.
my baby is mostly breastfed, and is only given a bottle occasionally, so i didn't give up on these bottles right away, just thinking that he wasn't used to the bottles and that's why he was having a tough time.
my mom babysat and she has raised nine kids, all who were bottlefed, so she is an expert.
she said to me that the baby just really can't use this nipple.
he couldn't latch on right and all the milk would spill out the sides of his mouth.
well, i take anything she says seriously!
after investing alot of time and money in avent, i decided to scrap them and start over.
the bottles are cute (the gerber bottles would be fine, too, but they weren't cute enough!)
he takes the nipple right away and finally the bottles are emptied in no time.
i am sure avent is good for some babies, but not mine, even after months of "training".
my advice is to try different bottles before settling on one kind.
one more note, i read the other reviews that talk about leaking, i didn't have this problem at all.
the only leaking was from my son's mouth when he couldn't latch on properly.
but my cousin used avent and they leaked terribly for her and she switched to dr browns.
i would have tried dr browns but it looks like their bottles have the same nipples as avent, too hard and not good for my baby.
wish they were more narrow so she could hold them herself.
occasional leaking when shaking milk around or mixing a bottle of formula.
i understand that some people might have a problem with this bottle type.
but if you take a second and make sure that you are screwing on the top properly - you might have a leaking bottle once every 30 or 40 tries.
the brownies are really good too - but just too hard to clean on a regular basis.
if you only use a bottle once in a while - use browns - but if you use them a lot - get avent.
only way to go.
the problem with a breastfeeding mom is, they do not fit standard us breast pumps.
so basicly you have to pump into one bottle, then transfer into this one (this causes a problem for those of us who don't produce quite enough milk --- every drop that is lost in transfer is crutial).
then you are faced with the leaking problem.
the directions say to wet the rim to prevent leaking.
i would test the bottle before giving it to baby... then after i was convinced it wouldn't leak... baby would begin to suck and would instantly be drownded!
and there you are, wasted milk, and a hungry baby who is drenched, and really mad by the time you get another bottle ready and her clothes changed!!!
the day i stopped breast feeding i switched to playtex vent aire, which only leak once in a blue moon, if you dont put it together right.
this brand of bottles was recommended to me by a certified lactation specialist when i was having trouble with low breastmilk supply and was forced to supplement.
it was extremely important to me to be able to still feed my baby by breast and i was afraid that introducing a bottle to my daughter would cause her to lose interest in me.
i was told that this brand of bottles was created to closely imitate the breast and this is the only brand that you can easily switch baby back and forth from breast to bottle.
out of the four 4 oz size bottles i own, one of them has a leaking problem, but i can usually solve it by loosening or tightening the cap.
my daughter has no problem sucking from the nipple, as one person reported.
i choose these bottles because they are very popular but then realized that the size of them are so large that the baby never really seems to be able to get a good hold on them.
i started bottle feeding at 6 months and ended up having to switch and buy an entire new line.
after my son turned 1 began to wean him off the bottle and introduced the avent bottles again just to see if he could hold it and it was still way to large for him.....
i guess these bottles would work if you plan on bottle feeding a toddler with big hands
unlike a couple of reviews i read, the only times i've had problems with the avent bottles leaking is when i screwed the cap on badly or had the nipple in wrong.
we were told that there may be &quot;nipple confusion&quot; if a baby goes from back and forth from breast to bottle but we haven't had a problem whatsoever.
these nipples are enough like the breast that he does just fine.
(his mouth is open wider than other bottles because he puts the whole nipple in his mouth, like the breast.)
i also use (and love) the avent breast pump so you can pump right into the bottle and attach a nipple.
it couldn't be easier.
these bottles are superior to any on the market.
one of my daughter's had severe reflux and used the variable flow nipple so that she could have cereal in the bottle.
avent is the only bottle company that offers this specific type of nipple, which was a life saver.
wrong decision!
mind you, my little one is a health, full-term newborn with no latching problems.
so i switched back to the avent bottles.
as for the leaking issue, people should just take the time to read the directions.
avent clearly states in their directions that if you over tighten the nipple ring onto the bottle, it causes the nipple to wrinkle and the bottle leaks.
the nipple ring just needs to be tight enough for the nipple to grab the bottle and seal.
it is specifically designed to do this.
it's not product error, it's user error.
i have had these bottles with my now 2 1/2 year old and his now 4 month old little brother.
these have been dropped, sterelized, boiled, thrown, kicked, bitten, everything and they still hold up!
they also work wiht the avent isis breast pump.
the flow is not too fast, nor is it too hard to get it to come out!
the wide-neck allows for easy cleaning too, i never spend more than 2 minutes scrubing a bottle.
they also are great for the "magic cups", those are sippy cups with a soft spout that are no-spill, (made by avent), my 2 1/2 year old uses them and i dont have to buy a whole set of sippy cups because that top fits on any avent product!
i love these bottles, and the ventair is second, but a very far second, avent is deffinatly much much better and actually do what they say they do, reduce gas!
what a lifesaver
i am breastfeeding but feel the need to have a back up plan in case i need to leave so i tried the avent bottles on the recommendation of my sister.
my 5-month old daughter took right to them.
no nipple confusion!
my baby never wanted to take them, or when he did, he looked like he was going to choke (even with the newborn nipples!
), and was doing a mess, with milk dripping everywhere.
the evenflo nipples were cheaper and better.
when my daughter was born we stocked up on these bottles because we heard they were good and the price alone would make you think that.
not fun at 3:00 in the morning when you shake up a bottle and there is milk fling around.even worse is when you are feeding and the milk pours out on baby's face.
not only do you have to clean up but your baby doesn't want to wait for a new bottle.
if you are worried about the cost of liners target has their own brand that is about half the price.
you get 100 of them for maybe $5.00.
we haven't had any problems with leaking at all.so i don't recommend the avent bottles unless you want to be cleaning up milk all the time.
but the other avent things we have like the sterilizer, warmer, & many other products work just perfectly and would recommend all of them!
so if you want to give these bottles a try because they do get some great reviews then just buy a few at first.we had no luck with the avent bottles but that doesn't mean they are all bad.
i just had to give a warning so you don't lose a lot of money like we did.
these bottles are just okay.
i registered for them because of all the good things that i heard about them.
first of all, they do leak.
making sure they are completely dry does help but does not prevent the problem entirely.
second of all, they are expensive.
i have heard just as many good things about other brands of bottles that are a lot less expensive.
the nipples and bottles are extremely durable and held up for a very long time.
as my son got older, i had other bottles i would use for him, but he always preferred the avent ones.i never had problems with leaking like i had read about, so i don't know much about that.
everything was compatible with my avent breast pump and it made it a dream to use.i am pregnant with my second and avent is all i am going to buy for her.
i've been using them for about 4.5 months now and i've never had a problem with leaks!!!!
i have also never overtightened the bottles!!
i love how they are designed.
they are also extremely easy to clean!
and they are interchangeable!!
i plan on buying the sippy cup spout in a couple of months so that my daughther can learn to drink from a sippy cup using the same bottle!!!
i also have the breast pump and microwave sterilzer which all fit the bottles perfectly!!
i had the originals and they work great too but i like the big capacity but not big size of these.
they will leak out of the nipple if it is upside down so if your baby feeds themselves, watch that they dont drop it and wedge it somewhere upside downupdated review***** i love avent naturally bottles and trusted that is what i was getting when i looked at all 12 customer photos.
well i broke these babies out to use em last night and they are reg avent bottles with the stupid ring on the inside that makes it not leak(something not needed in the other bottle)the plastic used is also completely different.
it isnt the hard clear plastic that doesnt cloud or stain, it is the dull non see through plastic that feels pliable.
so disappointed that i now have to return these :(
i love these bottles.
my amelia is hardly every gassy with them.
as for the leaking issue, it is not the bottle, it's the user!bottle use de-mystified: you must  make sure that the top of the bottle and its threads are dry and the flange of the nipple on the inside is dry as well.....then when you tightly screw on the cap it should make a soft squeak sound that perfects the seal.
if either are wet or have milk on them (like when you open it to re-fill a partially full bottle) you must re-dry the threads and nipple before screwing closed.
motto: "if you don't hear a squeak, it's gonna leak".
good luck.
we got these bottles because they are supposed to be the closest thing to breast feeding, and they advertise a 'slow-flow' nipple.
needless to say, the milk just ran down our baby's chin every time.
the slow-flow is not slow enough for a baby who is accustomed to breast feeding and having to work at gettimg milk out.
they are way too expensive and didn't work well for us.
baby is breast-fed and i registered for these so i could pump and my husband could feed her at night.
the nipples, on the avent, are too long and hard and would make her gag when she attempted to latch on.
we switched to the platex naturallatch and now she takes a bottle.
the nipples on the platex are much softer and shorter.
baby switches between the bottle and breast now, no problem.
the rest of the time, my baby would nurse until the pressure was too great, de-latch, and air would flood into the bottle through the nursing hole.
i found the nipple to be way too hard for my newborn son to suck.
i then ran out and got the munchkin tri-flow.
you can change how fast the milk flows out of the bottle as you baby grows and the nipple is much softer!munchkin also sells just the nipple that is compatable with the avent bottle.
so, if you've already purchased the avent bottles your money has not gone to waste!
the only problem is that the tri-flow is still fairly new and is very hard to find!
good luck!
the avent brand of bottles is an outstanding product.
i have tried both dr. brown's and playtex ventaire and find the avent products to be superior to both of these.
they are leakproof, and come in a 2 pack just as the replacement nipples do.
i have found them in toys r us, since my local babies r us does not carry them.
still a great product in my book!
i have to agree with reviewers, the nipple of the avent bottles is great.
it's obvious watching my baby that he latches on similar to the way he does on the breast.the problem is that the bottles leak like crazy.
my little guy ends up wearing as much milk as he drinks.
i've tried all of the suggestions, but have had no success in making the bottle leak proof.
i've had to go out and buy different bottles with nipples i don't like as much just so that i don't have the mess.
handy and easy to clean.
but i most tell you avent work very well with gasy babies, so if you dont want to invest too much  money in bottles, avent will do great.
these are wonderful, they were recomended by a friend of mine and i have no regrets.
no other bottle compites with avent!
the markings didn't come off in the dishwasher, even after repeated washings.
using this helps switch from bottle to cup.
he had no problem with nipple confusion switching between this bottle and the breast.
we've had no problems with leaking, and i love the fact that you can convert the bottles to sippy cups later.one note for breastfeeding moms -- your baby may be able to use the #1 nipple for much longer than a formula-fed baby, since it more closely resembles how the milk comes from you.
i bought these after trying the dr. brown's system (don't waste your money there.)
measurements.
i didn't want to hassle with the disposable liners.
a lot of babies are gassy and i wouldn't blame it on the bottle.
i was told that avent bottles were the bottles to get and they were the only ones i ever gave to my son.
i was very pleased with them right off, so i never bothered to try any others.
he took the nipple right away and did not have any nipple confusion during the time i was both nursing and giving him a bottle.
i have not had any problems with leaking.
if the nipple is screwed on correctly, not a drop comes out while i shake it to mix up milk or formula.
i have been using the bottles for seven months now and they are still in great shape.i have a friend who said her baby would not take the avent nipples.
since avent bottles are not universal and can't be used with other brands of nipples and rings, you may want to keep this in mind before you spend much money on a lot of them.i think that most babies start eating more than 4 ounces during their second month, so you probably won't need many of this size.
although my son uses the 9 ounce bottles now, i still use some of the 4 ounce bottles to mix and store formula that i add to his cereal.
i have been using nothing but these bottles for the first 6 months of my baby's life.
yes they will leak if you don't pull the nipple all the way through.
i never had an issue with my baby falling asleep during a feeding or the flow being too fast.
and colic has never been a problem here either.i breastfeed and pump for my baby and i found that she went easily from bottle to breast as early as 2 weeks old.
they are very durable as well and so easy to clean.
i threw all the other bottles i got as a shower gift right out in the trash - my baby will not drink from them.
i really like this pump.
works great sort of a pain to clean but easier than having to clean tubing on an electric.
the bottles however are junk.
after one use they leaked from under the plastic disk.
every bottle i have leaks.
in order to stop it is a pain.
i pull up on the nipple and roll it around clockwise to make sure it's in there right, then i use a rubber gripper and tighten the crap out of it so it won't leak.
what a pain!
i sold my lot on ebay and replaced them w/ the playtex vent air.
i did save one bottle so i could pump into it though.
my doctor told me to pump to stimulate my milk production which was coming in slowly.
i could not get very much with this and needless to say it was not helping.
once i started using a medela electric pump, i got tons of milk!
i was skeptical about the price, but it's totally worth it if you want to be able to use a pump on a regular basis.
i bought this pump mainly because were always out and about.
i am actually a stay at home mom but this came in handy in many ways.
when my daughter was first born she was re-admitted to the hospital at 3 days for jaundice.
i had read that breat milk can increase or worsen jaundice so i pumped to save the milk for when she got out of the hospital.
the ice packs were definatly a plus and so was the cooler bag.
i had frozen just the bag to keep it cooler along with the ice packs and that really helped keep it colder longer.
i don't recommend avent bottles for feeding but for storage they're perfect.
but if you prefer avent you can just pop a nipple on the bottle and wha-la, ready to feed.
these bottles can go from pump, to fridge/freezer, to warmer, to bottle with not problem.as for the pump, once you get used to assembling it its a breeze.
i never had a problem with not pumping (or producing) enough milk.
this also came in handy and quickly reduced engorgement for me.
all i had to do was pump for about 5  min on each side and it was instant relief and baby latched on better.i highly recommend this pump for everyone.
a must have.
my daughter was in the nicu the first day of her life, and then the special care nursery the next few days, so i had to use the hospitals electric medela dual breast pump to express milk.
i returned home and rented the medela for a month and hated it.
it hurts my nipples.
my friend got me this isis breast pump kit and i tried it.
i love it!
i doesnt hurt my nipples like the electric breast pump does as i can control it with every squeeze.
it doesnt hurt my wrist (as one might think.)
i only supplement my daughter with one bottle of ebm at night.
it takes me 10-15 minutes and i can express 5 ounces with this pump!
i love it!oh, and it is virtually silent so i can pump one breast as i breast feed my daughter on the other!!!
i get most of the milk in just a few minutes and the one hand operation is simple.drawbacks: it can be tricky to get the suction going, but little pumps at first followed by long slow pumps will eventually get it.
also, i've found that i can still get milk out with my electric even after i'm done with the isis.
it is a little higher maintenance to clean, but i still recommend it.
it's a great manual pump, but it's just a manual pump after all.
manually pumping both breasts one at a time takes more than twice as long as double electric pumping to get the same amounts of milk.
it would be impossible for me to keep pumping at work if i had to take that much time out of every work day.
however i do keep this pump in my desk drawer for emergencies (like the time i forgot my other pump at home) or for out-of-office meetings (because it's small and discrete).
it's also great for occasional home use or for women who need to leave the house with a pump every once in a while.
i'm giving it 4 stars because i don't think it should be advertized for use at a full time job.
this is a great pump.
i haven't had any issues with it.
i pump constantly as my son is very finicky as to when he wants a bottle or a breast in his mouth.
the carrying case is great for when i go back to work and it can also be used as a carrying bag for keeping milk/formula cold when you go out.
they can leak easily if you over or under tighten the bottle.
let me tell you at three in the morning you dont' want to worry about that stuff.
you want to get a nipple on and feed.
i recommend the pump but not their bottles.
sometimes if i put down the pump on the bed and it tips a bit i get spillage from where the pump connects to the bottle.
i based my decision to purchase this pump based on all the reviews it got.
however, it takes me about 20 minutes to pump 4 ounces.. on a good day!!
luckily, i have an awesome boss, who allows me all the time i need to pump..
i average 2-3 ounces every hour and half.. at 20 minutes at a time.. which is rediculous.
if i could, i would purchase an electric pump, because as my baby grows, i don't see how i'd be able to catch up to her growing appetite using this pump, and not spend my whole day in the bathroom pumping.
on the plus side.. all the litle extras it came with are great, and the case is discreet and keeps the bottles cold for a few hours.
i am a first time mother and a stay at home mom.
since i am not working i wanted a hand pump rather than electric for occasional night out so i got isis.
the first time i used it (1 week after giving birth), it took me 45 minutes to pump 1 1/2 oz!
i thought it to be terrible!
so i bought a madela electric.but as months passed i got a little bit more experienced in breast feeding, i realized that if i knew how stimulate a "let down" that the isis would have worked for me.
it took me 45 minutes the first time i used isis because i never had a let down.
unlike madela which simulate a baby's sucking which then stimulated a "let down", with isis it is up to me to get myself to "let down".isis would work great for any mother if: 1-you pump while your baby is breastfeeding on the other breast or 2-if you know how to stimulate your breast enough to stimulate a "let down".my isis did squeak when i used it, so beware if you plan on pumping with this in public if this sort of thing embarasses you.
i had noooooooooooooooooo idea..!!!
i only recieved this pump - no electrical one and i wanted 2 diiiiie!
i was in pain for days after i gave birth,irritable because of the lost of sleep and trying to conform to the babies temporary sleeping pattern.
i had a low milk supply and breastpumping for 1 hour for only 4ounces - this was not a joke!
i wanted 2 diiiie i tell you..
i would finish pumping and da baby would be getting up for a feeding... noooooo!
already, i would think... yes and with only 4 oz to show.
here i go with the stupid manuel pump... no..
i now know better.... electronic and a good brand- so what you pay 300. and change its worth your sanity, sleep, time, energy and appreciation for the bond with the baby.
my milk supply in time grew (not soon enough) i am still nursing and again the manuel pump and i did not have a good relationship.
we started off badly
i read all the reviews on this pump but still wasn't convinced about buying this pump.
i originally purchased a gerber pump and it worked until it cracked.
i asked a lactation consultant what kind of pump she'd recommend and she recommended avent and medela.
i needed a pump in my price range so i chose the avent.i like how the suction mimics a baby's latch but milk gets stuck everywhere and it leaks all over the place.
the pump also makes an annoying squeaking noise and sometimes i lose suction.
i'd recommend this pump over gerber though.
i will give it credit though, it's a lot easier to take apart and clean.
this isis breast pump set is great.
the only thing i have a problem with is the little noise it makes whenever i pump and it feels not private.
i think, since its plastic rubbing plastic it just makes the noise after awhile you pump.
i love the advent line & highly recommend their bottles & microwave sterilizer, but this breast pump is awful!
the prong that connects to the handle, which creates the vacuum to pull the milk out, consistently becomes unlatched breaking the vacuum so you have to fix it and start all over.
the only reason it got a two stars rating was because the pump handle does fit extremely well on the bottles and everything fits in the bag nicely.
i bought this pump after seeing the success a coworker had with the isis pump.
i'm back to work full time and it has been working very well for me.
it was tricky to figure out the timing and how much suction to use to get a good let down and milk flow.
by the time i went back to work i had a very nice supply of milk in the freezer and was comfortable pumping at work.why i like it - 1) it's discrete, you can pump anywhere without the noise of an electic pump and the black case looks like any other professional bag a woman would carry 2) it's portable, it's small and light to carry around - even with a few bottles of milk.
3) it's easy - not only to pump with but assembly and cleaning are a breeze.
i know a few reviews state that there are too many parts and it's hard to put together, but i can do it in 15 seconds flat  4) it's comfortable - i think any breastpump may be awkward to use at first, but compared to an electric pump i tried my nipples and breasts were much more comfortable with the isis pumpi think for the price, you can't beat it.
avent has thought of every possible need you may have.
i am sold on the avent isis breast pump--it works great for me.
i nursed my 2nd child exclusively for 13 months, and i used this pump to express milk so that my husband could feed him.
he never really took on the bottle, but that's a different story.
anyway, i just couldn't justify having to spend a couple of hundred dollars for a pump--maybe if i was working and wanted to continue breastfeeding, i probably would have.
but i was a stay at home mom and just used the pump to express every now and then.
i had the evenflo electric pump for my first child--now that one was very uncomfortable--it felt like it was sucking the life out of you.
maybe it was me being a first time mom, but i swore off that pump.
well, it wasn't.
but i did not want to give up breastfeeding, so i purchased another one of the avent isis breast pump, because i wanted to help increase my milk supply.
it worked and i got to breastfeed again exclusively--my baby wasn't getting frustrated anymore because my milk supply increased.
i couldn't take her with me--she was too young.
i was gone for 3 days, and i did not want my milk supply to dwindle down, so this pump helped a lot.
i was able to express some before i left so she would have some breastmilk along with formula supplement while i was gone.
and then i pumped while i was gone--i did it on the plane restroom and airport restrooms very discretely, and i was done in about 15 minutes at a time.
this helped me  keep my milk supply while i was gone so when i got back, i just continued on like i was not gone.
although i haven't been using this pump for very long, i've been able to get very good results.
it is very easy to set up and clean...making it easy to take along.
i also like that the bottles fit onto the pump-nothing extra to buy (and clean).
i also have an electric pump but prefer this pump when i am home during the day.
i find that i can more quickly get it ready and am able to pump one side as soon as my baby is finished nursing on the other side.
i definitely recommend having a manual pump, even if you plan on or already have an electric.
if you are only going to be pumping once in a blue moon, then this is a great pump for you.
i found it to be an incredible nusance, so i borrowed a friend's medela electric pump.
never used this back to work pump more than twice after using hers!
why spend a longer amount of time pumping that you have to (and yes it does take longer even though the manual says their stats say otherwise).
with our next child, i will definitely be buying electric!
being a stay-at-home mom, i don't need to pump frequently, but when i do pump, this item is terrific!
i'm able to pump a 4 oz.
bottle in 5 minutes.
i suggest using it without the let down massage cushion.
it works better for me without it.
easy to clean and case makes storage easy.
i borrowed this breast pump from my sister and it is awesome!
this is my third child and i have breastfeed all three.
i have tried them all and this one is great.
the one-hand squeeze handle allows me to do other things while pumping!
i am only expressing twice a day so it is easy to clean!
the avent pump in this kit is very good.
i also like the carrying bag, which is subtle and good for work - it can even be used as a lunch box when you are done breastfeeding.however, the nipples in this kit are very hard and the speed on the slow flow was far too fast for my newborn (when i tested the milk on my wrist, i didn't get a drop - it squirts).
there are better bottles out there too, that keep the baby from getting too much air.
instead of the avent bottles, i have started using the playtex nurser system - which means i pump into the avent bottles and pour them into the nurser (the playtex system sells a kit with a pump adapter - but it does not work with avent).
this has worked fine for me, though if i were not pumping at work i would not pay the extra money to have the kit.
since i pump at work, the insulated bag is helpful.
i used this product briefly and found it to be great for the price.
i used the electric medella pump in the hospital and found this pump to be very comparable.
i would recommend to anyone who is considering breast feeding.
i had this pump with my first child back in 2003 and i worked great for when i was at work but it was messy.
the milk always seemed to leak out underneath the plastic insert, so i took that out and it helped a little bit.
i also had probably with the pump maybe working a little too well and would stimulate my "let down" and so it was a panic to keep myself from wetting my shirt on the other breast i wasn't pumping, while i kept pumping and answered phones!
i was a night receptionist so i just pumped away while working.i like that it comes with a bag that is nice and stylish.
i saved this and i will use it with my next baby due in sept. 2009.
after trying a dual electric pump that was very uncomfortable for me i tried the isis berast pump and never looked back.
i could not control the suction with the electric pump and,  however with the isis i was able to control the pressure and was able to completely empty both breasts in less than 20 minutes total.
and my hand never got tired from manually pumping.
i used this product years ago with my daughter and i am adding it to my registry for my second child.
i highly recommend this for anyone who would like to continue breast feeding.follow-up: my youngest daughter is now six weeks old and i still love this pump.
when my son was put in the nicu, he immediately stopped nursing.
i'm assuming it was due to the stress.
while i was at the hosptal, i used their ameda elite hospital pump, but at home, i was pumping full time with this pump.
it gets the job done quickly and the handle is very comfortable.the milk can leak out the sides, which can be very upsetting, especially if you're pumping for a hospitalized newborn and you need every drop you can get.
you just have to make sure to keep the pump perfectly upright.
don't tilt it at all!i didn't have any problems with creaking, and if i did, i'd just take it apart and put it together and the problem was solved.i also know some had problems with the milk getting backed up and the silicone star not letting the milk flow to the container, but you just have to be sure to release the handle completely so the milk can flow out.
another way to get it into the container is the break the suction between the pump and breast and pump the handle a few times.this pump worked great and i was able to come up with ways to avoid problems until i had used it (full time) for a month and a half.
the star would start getting sucked up into the top even if i slightly pumped the handle.
i emailed avent and they emailed me back and had some great tips (great customer service, by the way!).
they said to boil the silicone parts for 10 minutes in water and 2 teaspoons of white vinegar... and viola!
problem solved.
if you use it as much as i did, the tackiness of the silicone wears and has to be fixed by the boiling.lastly, i read some had problems getting everything to fit in the bag.
it takes talent, i tell you!
my advice is this: remember how it was packaged in the first place!
before you take it out of the bag, take note of how it's arranged.
after several attempts, i finally got it all back in.all in all, it's a great pump if you don't want to invest in an electric pump, or if you're only pumping occationally and you work around some of the little issues.
in those instances, i'd definitely recommend it!
i have an ameda purely yours as well, and overall, i'd suggest paying the extra money and get an electric if you're working or having to pump full time, or you just want more convience.i hope this review helps, as i wanted it to be my best, considering all the experience i've had with so many pumps!
after i returned from the hospital and my milk came in, boy was i engorged!!
i hadn't expected to have to use this until i actually went back to work, but i was hurtin bad and was so greatful i had this already.
i don't know what i would have done if i didn't have one yet-probably exploded!i went back to work as my son turned 2 months old.
i wanted to continue breastfeeding, and this has helped me do just that.
so i didn't want an electric one where everyone could hear an odd humming sound coming from the closed door.
with this one, i can discreetly pump in the bathroom for about 10 minutes.
it expresses the milk pretty fast in my opinion and it doesn't really hurt.
maybe because my nipples are toughened up now.
it's great to store the milk in if you need to or for the ride home.
it keeps it at a good temperature until you can get to a refridgerator again (i don't use the cold packs).all in all, this is a great breast pump set in every way.something else that is great is that i own the avent microwave steam sterilizer and it has slots especially for the avent pump to click into-and avent bottles.
it only takes 4 minutes in the microwave to have everything sterilized.
i simply got this set to use both at home & work, and am i glad that i didn't need electric pump to express milk quickly - with isis, i can get 1 oz foremilk in less than a minute!
of course it takes a little longer for hindmilk because the pressure from the breast is less by then.
on average it takes less than 10 minutes to pump 4-5 oz.i was back to work 2 weeks ago & have been using it twice a day.
before this i used it 1-2 times a day to pump a ounce or so foremilk for 6 weeks, and it works very well for me.
just be careful with the little white valve when washing the parts, without it the pump won't work.
there's even a non-transparent drawstring pouch for storing breastmilk-filled bottles in the common fridge at work where everyone keeps their lunches!
the included bottles, nipples etc represent extra values.i'm extrememly pleased with this avent product and have also bought avent microwave express sterilizer in which the isis pump parts can be sterilzed.jan 3,2003: i've been working full time and nursing for the past 4.5 months using isis exclusively.
i'm so happy to report that it's been working great for me without any problems at all.
my now 6.5 month old daughter is at a healthy 65 percentile.
first it was a little hard, but it was only because my milk wasn't coming out at all.
but after my production started, the pump started to work perfectly.
very useful.i strongly recommend this item!
it can be difficult to get started with this pump.
once you achieve letdown it's great but it can take 10-15 minutes to get there.
don't freeze milk in these bottles - use a bag - they didn't seal properly and the milk went bad.
i wish i could find replacement parts more easily - my only complaint.
i pump just as fast from this pump as i do from the electric hospital grade one that i rented for the first month!
of course, you can only pump one side at a time, but i actually like haveing the other hand free to read or email.the avent instructions say that some users can use the pump without the "cushion."
i did it this way first because when i was putting it together i did not see the petal cushion.
when i later found the petal cushion, and tried it - the pump did not work as well for me.
so if you are having problems with the pump try it without the cushion.
the hospital grade electric pumps did not have cushions, so that was what i was used to anyway.my only complaint is that the star vaulve is annoying.
it sometimes falls out - while pumping and suction is lost and you have to take the whole thing apart to put the star vaulve back in.
for this reason, i like the cheapo medela hand pump a little better.but for all you out there deciding between electric and manual - i am one user telling you that i get exactly the same results with this manual as with an electric.
(4 to 6 ounces in 15 to 20 minutes)
my friend gave me her pump when she was finished with it, i just boiled all the parts, and then threw them in the dishwasher.
anyway, the pump is fine for a bottle, i only use it once in the day, but during the pumping time it will lose it's suction or you have to get it on just right before it will really get the milk quantity you want.
it took me about 4 times (4 days) to figure out  how the pump suction needs to be for myself.the other complaint i have with the pump is the parts that screw together to make the pump complete come unscrewed throughout the pump time.
(the bottle, and the other screwed on piece to the pump.)
this is really anoying while you're trying to pump.overall it's ok, but i think i can find another one.
i have been using this twice a day since going back to work almost four months ago.
with it i can express milk discreetly and quickly.
i can get between 7 and 10 ounces in 10 minutes.
i have never used an electric pump so i can't compare but if you are looking for a manual pump this one is perfect.
mine just didn't work with this pump.
it wasn't operator error - it worked, it just didn't work well, and it didn't work equally well on both breasts (one is larger).
i had to go with an electric, and even then i still would have been better off with a variable shield.
i bought other more expensive racks.
i was looking for a small drying rack for sigg water bottles and this is perfect.
it has two different sized adjustable arms so that you can arrange it to suit your needs.
also, not pictured, is a little attachment for tops and lids.
comes with a kinda flimsy bottle brush, will be a back up.
good product.
using it for all the baby items - pacifiers, nipples, etc...
holds the items well, easy to put them on.
wish it could fold up and fit in the cupboard when we aren't using it, then would give it 5 stars.
i would recommend this over some of the fancier ones.
holds the right amount, drains right into the sink and also has a small hook on tray for drying items that won't fit on one of the &#34;stems&#34;.
just what i wanted.
sticks well and comes with a bunch of additional adhesive stickers.
little fingers are eventually able to figure out that it's fun to pull off though.
just needs to be re-taped.
i hated to have to cover my coffee table and have my house look baby proof(i even avoided it for a while) but after two big bumps i bought this item.its easy to install and i like that i could cut it to the size i needed.
i have purchased what feels like 100 ft of this stuff to protect my son who is quite a climber and runner.overall i would say this is the best stuff but loses on star because sometimes that double sided sticky tap doesn't stick right.but you can't go wrong and should buy this to give yourself some piece of mind
these edge guards come in handy in a number of places.
they stick very well, even on uneven surfaces.
they are easy to cut and to mount exactly where needed.
the variety of colors is also nice to try and match various types of furniture or hazards.
i've deployed them in some areas for my own protection too ...
i've stubbed my toe one too many times on my bed leg in the dark heading to change a diaper ... put a piece on each corner, and saved several swear words as a result!they've saved the day in several spaces:- fireplace hearth (even on uneven red brick they stick well)- underside of dining room table edges and corners- edges of dressers and furniture- edges of bedpostthey include 3m adhesive that sticks very well.
my only complaint is that they provide the adhesive in strips rather than a roll.
so you have to pull of many pieces and join them together on a long strip.
a roll would be much faster to apply.
i have only owned this for a few days but i love it so far.
it's very cushion-y and very soft.
it has already prevented my child from a scrape.
its double sided and seems to be holding up.
so easy to install too!
i did the corners first so it was easier.
i would have been okay with just the table corners.
i have a glass table and i was worried about my 1-year-old niece visiting.the corners helped a lot as did putting a tablecloth over my table.
it's for a much thicker table and my glass table was too thin.also, my niece is still crawling so the guard wasn't necessary.
even when she stood up, she couldn't reach the table and she was safe as houses in her booster seat and high chair.
baby crawls without looking what is ahead, he hit the coffee table edge mostly, but i have this on the edge...
i wanted to tape all the corner of my house.
very easy to use and install
i have used it on both a glass-topped table & wooden crib.
i reviewed similar product from this company before.
it is a good product which can absorb force well so all in all it serves it purpose well.one thing it can improve on is the adhesive glue used for bonding.
currently it uses 3m tapes, which is okay but over time a child's curiosity will grow they will pick on it and over a period of two months of picking it may come off.
but they give you plenty of 3m tapes, so you can put it together again.
make sure your table is clean, you might even want to go over the edges with rubbing alcohol.
if your table is dirty, it won't stick as well!
i've seen some reviews saying that it's not very attractive... of course it isn't!
that's not what it's made for.
with an adventurous and slightly clumsy baby, these have gone a long way towards avoiding bruises and bumps while she learns to walk and run.
we learned to make sure the ends of any piece were very well stuck down and didn't jut out otherwise our baby would pick at them and start peeling off the padding - to avoid this, it helped to put double-sided tape all the way to the end of the piece on both inner edges.
for now i just wipe them down several times with hot water and dry well or try to put other more tempting teethers within reach.
the instructions that came with this are terrible.
the written instructions for step 1 say "see the diagram" and do not elaborate, making the instructions worthless.
the 3m sticky tape is really sticky.
the guards are nice, thick foam, but that doesn't matter if the installation goes miserably.you can see my photos of the final results i got in the customer image gallery.
the only down fall is that they may be too soft.
my daughter stood up to it and but a chunk off the day after we put it up!
this is pretty simple to put in place and not too much of an eyesore as childproofing goes.
i'd recommend it.
i like it.
and soft.
not worried about baby's head hitting the table anymore.
thank you.
i gave it only four stars because the item arrived with some of it missing,that was however resolved.the product does what it is supposed to.
my crazy bruiser has made this probably the best baby purchase i made.
doesn't come unstuck like the crappy clear one i tried before.sticks to my wood coffee table and glass trim on tv stand.haven't tried to take it off yet so i don't know what that's going to be like but it was def worth it.
well i procrastinated and didn't put it up till this week.
my son is 10 months and is full blown running so it was time.
problem was i could not find the adhesive to attach the thing to the table.
so i improvised.
we then attached the corner pieces to the cut out parts using gorilla glue and then clear packing tape to re-enforece the hold.
finally we put it on the table, it has just enough give to put on and off but not enough that lo will pull it off easily and huge plus for us...no damage to our pottery barn table!
once i get so me photos i will attach but for the moment it is serving its purpose and we are very happy!
another plus we had about 6 inches left over that we used to cover our desk pull out keyboard thing.
can't beat that.
we love prince lionheart products.
this are awesome around our coffee table, end tables and entertainment center.
however the glue on this device could be a little stronger because soon after applying it to what ever you need it on, our son figured out how to pull it off and now it won't stay on!
i used this product on our fireplace to cover up the sharp edges but it doesn't stick very well to natural stone.
so occasionally i have to re-stick it once it comes loose.
i just put this up yesterday and was glad i did.
just right after i put it on she was doing that!
thank god this was on so she was fine!not sure how it would work on a walking/running baby into corners/edges.
but this seem to be doing well.
it's nice and thick.the tape that came with it isn't that sticky though.
it makes it easy to stick and restick back on so you get it on good.
but at the same time, i fear my daughter would figure out that she can pull it off.i'll see how that goes but so far i'm content with this.cutting the roll itself seems a bit annoying.
because i can't seem to get a straight edge using a scissor.
very cushioned.
they stick fairly well, but a toddler could peel them off if motivated.
i'm not wild about the brown color, but this is a case where the safety and thick soft material outweighs my aesthetic sense.
we have even used this around a rock fireplace base and it stayed stuck.
i've reordered and used this product for two houses and i will reorder again if i ever need more.
i think my daughter would pull off any table corner i put on, but this one at least seems the most sturdy and is easy to put back on when she does pull it off.
just installed in on my coffee table and it is not an eyesore!
will be buying more to apply to the underside corners and the leg corners - for some reason my son keeps hitting his head on every corner possible!
this a great product.
also it would be good if you could buy plastic cover for the top of the crib railling.
we started with just corners and found we missed a lot of other dangerous areas, including a knee-high tall toy chest with thick drawers.
this set was perfect to secure the entire thing.
i prefer the gray to the chocolate for lighter woods.
good product.
people seem to have unrealistic expectations of products sometimes.
they want it to stick like crazy yet not hurt their furniture.
there is a balance there that you have to have.
you can't have everything.
i bought this to try to cover some of the worst corners.
you can't cover everything, but we have to make an effort since our 10 month old is scooting around now.
he hasn't paid any attention to the padding nor tried to pull it off yet.
and we haven't had to remove any to see if it hurts our furniture.
i care more about the safety than the aesthetics of my furniture.
the padding should be sufficient to stop minor bumps and bruises.
i'm satisfied for the moment...i'll update if that changes.i deducted a star because i ordered beige and got chocolate...not worth the hassle to return it.
neither was a huge deal to us, but i could see this mattering to people wanting to match their furniture more.
it serves it purpose well.
overall a  good product.
the title says it all...the edges of the bumpers were very tempting for my daughter to peel every chance she got.
you'd think her ability to remove the ends of the bumpers would indicate the bumpers would be easy to remove.they were a nightmare and have ruined our beautiful coffee table.
i've tried goo gone to no avail.
if anyone has any tips how to get the tape off, which is coated with random pieces of foam from the old bumpers, i'd love to hear them.
i can't believe how awful my table looks.
i needed a solution for a sharp tile step down into my living room- every time i stepped down i envisioned my baby cracking her skull on that :( i was hesitant to buy this, though,  because i was skeptical that it would stick and chocolate seemed like the wrong color to match my tile.
it sticks really well- we'll see how it holds up over time- and the color looks great against my taupe tile.
we're going to use the corner pieces on a table of mine and i've already checked the color there too.
not great against some sort of reddish brown wood, but miles ahead of the hideous safety 1st expandable table edge bumper.
the expandable thing doesn't fit the sizes listed (no way it will work on a 90 inch table) and it looks like a pair of hand-me-down training pants from the 1970s.
i just installed these a couple of days ago, so i will downgrade my review if i have any problems in the future.
mine came with a 3m tape, and the installation seems very sticky.
they are certainly installed firmly enough that my toddler daughter will not be able to pull them off, and that was the whole point.
the only reasons i knocked off a couple stars are:1.
it would have been better if they sent a roll of the double sided tape instead.
if the tape was in one roll, that would also make installation of the foam strip easier because you could put one piece of tape on the foam, and just pull the backing away from the two ends to get it aligned properly before pulling off the rest of the backing and securing the middle of the strip to the table.2.
it would have been better if it came in strips (perhaps two 6-foot strips or four 3-foot strips), but i do realize this would have also increased the shipping cost.3.
there were no directions included.
i am sure there must have been some things that would have made installation easier, but they included no directions other than simple pictures showing to put the tape on the foam and stick the foam on the table.
it is super easy to put on, works really well and i know we would have had lots more tears, bumbs, cuts, bangs, etc.
we've also used it on some other wood furnture and it works well.
the straight pieces can easily be made into corner pieces, since four corners go quickly.
other reviews have said that this product is difficult to cut, but i used a pair of ordinary scissors and didn't have any problem whatsoever.
also, the foam is a bit stretchy, so your measurements don't have to be exact.
i cut the foam a bit short and then just stretched it to fit.
simply apply more double-sided tape when the adhesive breaks down.
this took care of our immediate need - protect the baby's head.
:)  this was easy to put around our oblong coffee table and didn't leave too bad of a sticky mess when we needed to remove it.
i'm not sure if he ever really hit his head on the table but if he did, we either missed it or it didn't hurt - thanks to the bumper!
i purchased this for the breakfast nook around my marbel countertop.
since i don't have kids yet (we are adopting) i can't really comment about the durability.
if not i will do what some of the other posters suggested.it wasn't difficult to cut the foam to length.
it cut slightly jagged, but since i cut on the long side adjusting it wasn't a problem.
a lot of reviews say that the stickiness of the tape isn't that great, and it isn't- but so far it's not a problem.
a definite for anyone with a fireplace and a squishy little handful of a baby :)
we put this on our coffee table six months ago, all but one of the corners have fallen off repeatedly.
the long strips dont really protect my child much.
she will still bump into the table at times and it doesnt offer much cushion.
it is not really thick enough or wide enough.
the tape provided is not sticky enough.
just keeps coming off.
we purchased these edge guards just to be cautious but, once my son became mobile, we were thankful for these edge guards.
the adhesive has stood up to 18 months of abuse by my toddler and pre-schooler.
no lifting or peeling.
use more sticky stuff than you think you need.
also, after a year on my entertainment center, i was able to take everything off with a little elbow grease!
it fit snugly and firmly.
there was plenty of adhesive tape for the entire length, which i know was a concern for other similar products.
the coloring was a nice neutral match as well.
we were able to cover the edge at grandma's house with ease.
my daughter has tried to peel off a part, and we just stuck it back on and it's still sticking and working just fine.
only reason why this is 3 star is its not good for protecting corner walls.
my son peeled it off immediately and the wall plaster came off and he was trying to eat it.so i.
but i think this is the only solution out there to protect corners.
my son was pulling up on furniture by 5 months but was very clumsy.
this product was great and came with lots of strong double sided tape.
the triplets climb all over the living and always come back to the table to play.
it looks good and you don't even notice its there.
we have a big fireplace and this fit it, with some left over.
great product, great price!
so glad we put these on when we did.
my 11 mo old daughter has bumped her head many-a-time since we put these on our tables and shelves about 3 months ago, and has not been hurt once.
they are still sticking strong too.
i don't understand why they would make a product that does not fit standard corner tables!
these were easy to install and are aesthetically bearable.
we'll see how easily my 8-month old will pull them off, but so far they are holding even though we've had some climbing onto them and such.
i do wish that it came with a lot more tape so that when it does come off i can just put it back on.
good idea but this is very cheaply made... it is not sticky enough to stay on anything... my 6 month old baby would just yank it off immediately.
i wish i never purchased this because you'd basically have to crazy glue to your furniture and there's no way i am doing that!
i'm just worried for when i need to remove it!
i might be purchasing new tables?
i even used it on a wall corner near the play area.
it held up.
he was not able to puncture it!
the window was level with the daybed he often played on, and i had visions of him cracking his head.
my son is a pretty good listener, and i kept telling him not to touch or pull the foam off, it was there for a reason, and it is still there two months later.
it will come off very easily if pulled, just a forewarning.
but i like this product and would use it again.
i got this when musings started crawling so i would be ready when he started walking and i'm glad i did.
this product works great on my entertainment center and my lower window sills.
the product sticks great and my little one can't pull them off.
just this morning he walked over to the window and fell and hit his head on the sill and he didn't get hurt.
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone with little ones.
i bought a safety first foam edge bumper from wal-mart for the same price as this that was only about 5ft and didn't have corners, and it was already cut into strips.
that was a huge mistake.
comparing this set to the one i bought, it wins in every category.
it sticks!
it's 3m brand double-sided tape and it didn't budge!
i suspect people who said it doesn't stick did not clean/dry the surface properly, touched the tape too much, or maybe had a textured surface.
i couldn't pull mine off, so i know my 9 month old can't.
would recommend.
i put this on my coffee table and it works great.
seems pretty secure and there will be no split foreheads with this stuff on the edges!
we used this for our fire place.
so far it has stuck well and i feel so much better not having to worry about our little guy falling into the sharp edge.
easy to put up, takes a bit of time, but overall fairly easy!
wasn't too crazy about the type of adhesive that comes with it, but i look at it this way....
i'd rather re-finish my wood coffee tabble than deal with all the boo-boos and broken teeth it(my coffee table) has caused!
(i have three kiddos and this coffee table has taken a tooth from two of them before they were 2yrs old)  i'm hoping this protector will prevent that with my third little one!
personally i hate this coffee table, but my husband will not get rid of it...
i put this protector on my fire place too, and it looks and feels wonderful.
i like that it streches a bit, and i had plenty of adhesive left over!
i rate this product 4 stars, definitely worth the price just know that adhesive is going to be a consern when i remove the product!
this sticks well and he really has not hurt his head since we put it on.
have had it on our coffee tables and other sharp edges for over a year.
wish it came in black.
i have an espresso wooden rectangular coffee table.
i applied the edge guard on both the top of the table and the lower table that sits close to the ground.my little one was making us so nervous from hitting her head on this thing before so now we don't have to sit there with our hands over the corners when she plays around it!
i know she will fall and bump her head from time to time but i think this could help prevent a serious accident.
when i googled some babyproofing options for coffee tables i read a lot of stories about some really gory coffee table accidents so i do think this is worth it even if they aren't the most attractive thing in the world!
great product!
it has stayed in place for the most part.
the corner pieces tend to easily come off with a little one around.
i would still recommend!
the only con is that it is a bit pricey.
they are soft enough that when my 18 month old hits his head directly on the corner he doesn't even flinch.-long strips both with and without the corners used on table edges and on my bottom step:  i have a ledge/stoop inside my house near the backdoor and it has sharp metal edges nailed in along the entire length.
it makes a bend so i needed these strips to stick to metal on a step and not come off when we hit the edges or my son slides down on his rear.
this works like a charm.the edges have not peeled off metal, it was extremely easy to install and there was more than enough tape strips/squares given.
the double stick tape makes application quick and easy.i would highly recommend this product.
*for a cheaper but not so pretty alternative:  head to your local home improvement store and get pipe covers/insulation which are foam and come in varied sizes.
they have a precut slit down the length so you can open it up and slide it on the edges of tables.
you'd need to tape it somehow but each strip is long and costs less than a dollar.
it has worked out nicely and did not have any problem w/ the double sided sticky.
you can customize the padding by cutting them.
i ordered 2 packages in order to cover the appropriate circumference of 1 coffee table and the front edges of two end tables.
that means i was completely short and could not complete my project.
aside from the lack of length, the product works well and seems secure.
i would have ordered more had i known about the length.
it's quite a disparity between 7' and 12', so purchase appropriately.
these provide protection for our daughter on the coffee table.
my only complaint is that the corners don't stay on and that's where we need it the most!
just dont waste any part of the adhesive it is precious.
it become furniture.
i bought two of this in light and dark for different furniture when my kid was 7-8 months old.and i can vouch that this tape has avoided a handfull of accidents.cautionthe paint(especially wall paint) can come off when removing it.once off any surface it doest stick again.apply after you kids go to sleep needs some time to have a firm fix and so that they dont know it can be taken off.also would add taht applying this when the child is young gives better chances that they stay on.also matching color should help being noted by children but you know all kids are different ;)
it works but i expected it to be a different color, a bit more white, rather than beige.
takes some time to put the adhesive strips on, but these work so much better than other brands we have tried.
also, they are soft enough to prevent bruises when they do fall into them.
this blends well with our coffee table and kept my little one safe.
the real test will be when we take it off - will it peal off the wood from the furniture ?
you know when you're child free and buy great furniture?
you can't fathom the day when you'll have to apply foam to your beautiful wood table so your child doesn't go head first into the sharp corner?
then you go to take it off because your child has spilled parmesan cheese and... what...the?
the wood came off.
the wood came off.
i expected to have to use some goo-be-gone to get off the adhesive but this actually destroyed the table.
not like a dent that could be sanded.
i piece of wood literally splintered off.
so, while this product will protect your kid's noggin, don't put it on a piece of furniture you like.
these work for small corner surfaces.
if you have a large surface to cover, like a table corner, make sure that you cut the strip in half.
if you put it on as one long strip it will fall off.
works good for coffee tables.
it has given me more peace of mind to let him walk without worrying too much.i have brown ones on my wood so it looks better.
good quality product.
lots of cusion and sticks well.
we had a hard time getting it to stick to our fireplace because it has wood around the brick hearth and the corners aren't flat.
but we used it for other things in our house and my son can't just peel it off like other products.
thank you!
these have a nice amount of cushioning to protect my 9 month old daughter as she &#34;cruises&#34; around our coffee table.
they come with a good amount of adhesive tape, which is why i purchased this brand over others.
if i had the time and money, i might purchase again and install it better knowing what i know now, but it works fine.
this product does not adhere well.
i have tried it on wood, metal, and painted surfaces.
what's more, other "safety" products i have purchased that use well-known 3m tape were defective as well.
also, when i tried to remove the cushion, the tape removed my furniture paint.
overall, i rate this item with 2 stars because the neutral color does not attract my toddler's attention and the cushion does prevent painful head bumps.
quite simply this product does what it says.
i accidentally ordered 2 packs and in brown but i like it anyway.
just gives me peace of mind to now that if my daughter should bump into a table corner the blow will be cusioned
clean your coffee table or whatever well for the sticky to stick especially on a round glass table top.
protects the kiddo's noggin pretty well!
i have tried tons of different bumpers and my favorite is prince lionheart, it is easy to apply and is nice looking as well.
when you first put this on the table you feel like it has made things safer for your child, however the first time they get near it they are able to pull it off because the adhesive provided with it doesn't hold well unless you have a completely flat surface to attach it to.
(i suppose if you use a stronger adhesive you would run the risk of damaging the table).only buy if you have a large top face and edge to the table with no decorative surface changes (must be completely flat to hold at all)
my daughter's bed had sharp edges and she once bumped her head pretty bad and didnt want to sleep in her bed anymore.
these bumpers work well on our wooden coffee table.
our daughter has already hit her head on the edge and she was not injured at all.
they're ugly, but i'm not sure how a bumper could be more attractive.
they were easy enough to install and i found that the adhesive worked fine, although i have not tried to remove it yet.
so far, my 9 month old hasn't tried to pull this off.
it seems pretty stuck with the tape they gave you.
this brand is much better than the cosmos brand, also sold here on amazon.
this is the worst thing ever.
it sticks for one week and then its down.
i put in on my coffe table and end tables and they are all damage because of the tape.don't buy it
this product works rather well.
the guard came heavily distorted from probably sitting in the box for way too long.
the fragment of about 20 inches in length had to be cut off due to severe distortion.
i would have given it one star and returned it if i used to to cover a table.
my brother used these for my nephews and keeps them on things because his niece (my daughter) is now toddling about.
i like them, they don't hurt your furniture (don't sue me if they hurt yours, but they didn't hurt mine or my brother's).
this product comes with special double-sided sticky tape to attach the guards.
i assumed we would try it and then rig something else up (velcro, etc) if it didn't work.
my 11 month old goes up to it and tries to chew it (for all the chew toys that child has?!)
and it stays put no problem.
time will tell how long it lasts, but i am happy with the density of the edge guard and how well it went on that even if i did have to do some reworking of the adhesive in the future i would still be happy with the quality of the edge guard as well as the safety the product provides.
this is a great product for protecting your babies!
since we have an old, beat-up coffee table, it didn't really affect the looks of our furniture much.
baby was able to pry off the corner edges after just a month or so (of course, the corner edges are where she hurts herself mostly).
and it does leave behind some pretty substantial sticky bits when it comes off, i've just been too lazy to clean it up with anything yet.
overall a good investment.
we like the product and works very well.
it's a little pricey but overall good product.
we have purchased several.
seems a bit old perhaps, because when i unroll it the foam is showing stress marks from being rolled up too long, and appears to crack from being dry rot?
but it'll do for now.
lets see how long it lasts.
these are very basic.
i don't see this lasting a long time.
for the money, i'd reccommend the wendy bellisomo brand of cover - they're a better material than these are.
i wish i had two!
it seems as soon as i take off my baby's diaper, it's then she decides to "go".i read other reviews about complaints of color fading and shrinkage.
well, i have had no color fading and the shrinkage has been minimal, and certainly not to the degree others had mentioned.
i have washed the cover over and over on hot and then let it air dry instead of putting it in the dryer.
maybe that's why i havent had so much of a shrinkage problem.
i mean really, for the price, i could have bought a better made towel that had emblishments that cost more than the cheap elastic they used to make the cover.
they are totally falling apart at the elastic.
it makes it less messy (especially early on) and doesn't require washing as much.
i also washed them in cold water with baby dreft detergent, hung them to dry and rotated the 3 covers that we have.while it is a nice product while it lasts, i just expected them to be more durable.
.
.however i just wish that it had held up a bit better for us.
after just a couple of months, ours are already coming apart.
i only wish i got more that two!these terrycloth covers are thick, absorbant and easy on my newborn's skin.
the only problem i have with them is that they shrink a little when you wash them.
when they do finally get to small to fit the pad i will go out and buy some more!
i mean it's terrycloth, what do ya expect?
they are totally worth the money to replace!
i would buy them again!
washed it once according to directions & it shrunk beyond belief!
didn't even use it once!
don't bother!!!
very convenient - i have a one year old and i babysit a one year old.
i'm definitely not going to spend 100 bucks or more on a double stroller, but since i found two umbrella strollers on sale for 10 bucks each, my double stroller was only 30 bucks!
when you put the connectors on, make sure they're tight, and even so it will seem like there's too much slack for it to really move, but it does work.
just give it a go.
:)
do not waste your moneyi got it and i tried with  2 strollers the same exact one but it would not work goodyou can not  move that much and its hard to make a turn......
i connected two different brands, a double jeep and single (?
brand) which are two different heights.
it was slightly difficult especially since the double didn't have much room to put the middle connector on.. but it works!
it's not like a smooth push or anything (but it is smooth with same size/brand ones, i have another same brand single lol), but it's worth it!
i like the idea of this however they do not stay connected very well.
if they stayed connected it would be perfect.
these are easy to put on and take off.
the rubber inserts do fall out easily, so i can tell these may not last long.
they only work with one thickness of bar so they are not compatible with all strollers.
i felt like it was overpriced and essentially offered nothing...boy, was i wrong!
i've been using this booster for 2 years now.
the seat is comfortable for them to sit on, unlike the hard plastic seat we had before it.
it doesn't slide around on the chair, and it is so easy to clean.
i also like that it is easy to take along if we're headed to grandma's house.
i don't have a single complaint with this seat after 2 years of use...it is well worth the money!
this is a great booster and is effective for it's job--but there are a few things that could make it an even better seat.
also, the seat does not come equipped with straps.
i had to switch to another booster with straps due to some safety issues associated with this also.
however, my wife and i are yet to experience the miraculous calming effects at the dinner table that so many other reviews have mentioned.the booster is made from one solid piece soft foam material.
the one-piece construction also aids in clean-up - no cracks to trap food or let spills get through to your furniture.
plus, the material grips on wooden chairs;  it's never budged when our active two-year-old is using it.
this ease of use, both at the table and when getting washed in the sink, are its major selling points.on the other hand, the one-piece construction makes the bulky booster less than ideal for use away from home.
forget about using it at restaurants because it's not different enough from what they'll provide.
we only take ours out when we're going to grandma and grandpa's house for a few days;  otherwise, it's more trouble than it's worth.
sure, it's lightweight, but the supplied carrying case is roughly the size of a bowling ball bag.
plus, the bag is very cheap and unattractive;  basically they're selling you the packaging as a carrying case.lastly, we haven't seen the booster effect any great improvement in our son's attention span at the table - when he wants to get down, he wants to get down, period.
i don't believe that any booster seat could make such a difference in toddler behavior, so i don't hold it against this one;  i'm just surprised how many others have reported these results.
because he's in the toddler independence phase, he'd often rather climb into another chair by himself rather than be lifted into the booster.so, the booster does a great job of providing a simple-to-use and easy-to-maintain solution at home, but if you take your little one out frequently, a more portable options would suit you better.pros*  stable, soft foam stays in place without marking chairs*  very easy to clean with one-piece constructioncons*  bulky on the go*  will frustrate toddlers who like to climb into their own chair
after tiring of wiping up trays that didn't stay put, straps that couldn't be cleaned completely and levers that didn't operate easily, we tossed our high chair and booster seats for this absolutely wonderful little seat.
made of an interesting foamy material, it actually stays where you put it on a chair so your little one can eat like a "big person" at the table with you.
the surface wipes clean easily, it's portable and comes in its own plastic carry case so you can toss it in the car to bring along to restaurants (who wants to use a filthy universal high chair that maybe 1000+ kids have spilled on before yours??
)your child will love the comfy feel, the secure bottom and the colors!
we bought ours in the store and there was a choice of aqua, red, black, royal blue and purple.
the price is right in line with other toddler feeding contraptions, and this one will grow with your child till they are old enough to sit without a booster.
there are no straps on this seat, however, so don't expect to prop a baby inside...your child must be at least 18 months old or old enough to sit still while eating and not topple out.
my 16 month old daughter has gotten to the stage where she no longer wants to use a highchair or any of those other booster seats with the trays (ie.
tot-loc, first years 4 in 1 feeding seat, and first years folding booster...all great products by the way)  she really just wanted to sit at the kitchen and dining room table like a big girl, and she didn't want to sit in the baby seats that allow you to convert them to big kid boosters by removing the trays.
we were at our wits end and after reading all the reviews here, we decided to give it a try, but i must admit we were a bit skeptical and nervous using this for our daughter because she is so young and most of the other reviewers said they used this for an older child.
the booster wipes clean very easily, sticks to the chair very well, and the seat itself is non-slip, so our daugher does not slouch and side off this seat like she did with other hard plastic boosters.
this booster seat seems to have completely changed the way my daughter looks at meal time for the better.
we're looking forward to using this booster for the next couple of years, and since it's so portable, we only need to buy one and just take it everywhere we go.one thing i should mention, i wouldn't buy this booster for a child who is overly active and doesn't like to sit still.
it is the most durable seat too.
it is soft and comfy.
my 2 1/2 year olds highchair was terrible, so i threw it out on his first b-day.
* the "carry case" is cheap and really the size of a diaper bag... uhh sorry i already have one of those* leaves his feat dangling, although this is a problem occuring in many booster seatsthis is just a booster.
my son is still fussy, and will get down when he feels like it, this comfortable booster doesnt stop him.
he loves his booster and loves being a big bow v.s sitting in a highchair like his little brother
for the older toddler, this booster seat is more comfortable and spacious than the hard plastic booster seats with trays.
the hard plastic seats slide around on wood chairs and never feel stable, even when strapped around the chair.
the trays don't leave enough room for a bigger child's legs.
however, this booster seats is soft and cushiony.
it feels stable on wood chairs, and it allows the child to sit at the big people's table.
obviously, it's not as good for the young infant or younger toddler who needs a tray to contain the mess, but it's definitely better for the older toddler who knows how to eat neatly off a plate or bowl.
the older toddler hopefully is also well-trained enough to know not to jump around in the seat because it's not attached to the adult chair.
we have solid oak chairs and didn't have the problem of other reviewers.
it sits in the same chair almost all the time and there's no residue.
maybe it has more to do with the chair finishing.
your chair does need to be made of something to "grip" this chair, such as a wooden chair.
i tried to take it to my dad's house and he has cooshy leather chairs, and it didn't work.
it cleans extremely easily, holds him securely, and works better than i could have expected.
these are nice jumbo corners that didn't make our table look too hideous, but at some point your baby's going to learn to pull them off!
this didn't happen for us for a while and i really think any other brands would have the same problem, so this one's the best in the market.
my daughter fell and hit her face on the corner guard and her mouth still bled, though the damage would have been much worse without the corner guard.
it's definitely better to have these than nothing at all.
this is a great product.
they do what they are supposed to do, at least on my desk.
my desktop/corners consist of a wood laminate, with a very smooth surface, so these things stick very well.
however, i have not attempted to take them off yet, and i'm sure a little 'goo-gone' or rubbing alcohol will do the trick when the time comes.
i will be dissapointed if they harm some of the finish, but then again you can't put a price on protecting your precious child from severe injury, which can easily occur when their head hits a table or desk corner!
for this 'peace of mind', i give this product 5 stars.
i must have a newer version because mine stick just fine.
they are so much thicker and cushionery than the other versions (pricey though), but i think they're worth it.
no more bumped heads!
i haven't had to take them off the table so i can't speak to the residue part, but these are snug and protective.
these don't stick at all!
my guys ripped them off the sides of the tables the second we put them up.
the adhesive wouldn't restick either.
what a waste.
:(
just to point out first, the guards are not white!
they came in a light brown.
they cover the corner very well seeing how big they are, but once again the sticky tape sucks.
i have yet to find a good double sticky tape.
it;s not 3m just some generic stuff that is inferior.
taking the backing off one it's stuck to the pad takes a bit of effort.
they seem to have stick ok but 3m tape would be better.
they don't seem to stick very well.
also, once they did start to come off, i noticed it was leaving that sticky residue behind on my coffee table.
i'm not judging anyone else, but i was very surprised when i read how many people wrote about these coming off or being pulled off.
i guess my daughter never tried very hard, but they are really stuck tight.
i've had one set for about 14 months, and bought a 2nd set for another table about 8 months ago, and they're not going anywhere.
i can't speak to them hurting the finish of the wood, since i've never tried to take them off.
i do wish they came in more colors for some of my lighter wood.
i ordered these for our coffee table corners.
the are rounded corners, but not so round they can't knock a little noggin.
from the information i read about this product it said to order the jumbo/wider (rather than standard size) guards.
unfortunately i guess what i really need is something not just for wide corners but rounded as well.
but they won't work for the coffee table and that is the area i am the most concerned with at the moment.
the tape is sticking well so far and they have already protected my son's head.
he moves so fast right to where the furniture is.
i watch him and move him away, but it makes me feel better to have these there just in case.
there are some tables that require the corner piece and the long padding all around the parameter of the table due to sharp edges, but in most cases, this is enough.
i only wish they were a little less obvious.
unless you have very light wood furniture, these things stick out like a sore thumb.
my only concern is that there is an adhesive (that supposedly comes right off).
many months from now i suppose i'll find out if that is true, but in the meantime i have (relative) peace of mind when my grandson is crawling or toddling around and that is priority 1.
i ordered these corner guards for my tv stand and coffee table and they work great, the only down fall is if your furniture isn't as thick as the guard the sides don't stick very well because they aren't flat against a surface like they are on the top.
they are large with good cushion and will do its job.
i would recommend but of course, if your child is persistent, i am sure he/she would get it off eventually.
so far, so good.
it never worked, i cleaned the surface and followed direction...failed.tried with double sided tape... failed.tried with regular tape.... failed.i think the problem is that it's not smooth again the surface on top, so it creates a little gap and easily falls off.
i considered this when it was full price, 50 bucks.
when i saw it for 25, i just had to get it.
i took it back the next day because the latches that keep the buttons away from baby broke and the buttons wouldn't work.this second try has been better.
i found it for 12.50 and decided that it would make a gift for someone else if it didn't work for me (man, i can be cruel :)  this time, it seems to work pretty well.
all the buttons work.i did have a little trouble with the light because when the light is on, the button is pressed in.
i have fingernails, so the button can be a bit tricky until you get the hang of it.i am glad i decided to try this product again, but i wouldn't have paid the 50 bucks for it.
if you can't find it on sale, get a regular cd player: they plug in and are cheaper.
we love this product.
being able to change the music our son listens to every nite is such a nice option - and we don't have to listen to the same lullaby's all the time (if at all).the light is dim, but as a few others noted, who wants a bright light?
the baby is trying to sleep!it's enough light to see him if i peek in and it's still on.i feel the volume is plenty loud enough.
it is a crib cd player, not a house cd player.
it's plenty loud enough for his tiny nursery, and i've never turned it all the way up.i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 for the battery issue - it eats batteries worse than any other toy he has - including the swing which we use much more often.i thought that was strange, and if it does take that much power, it should come with rechargable batteries.maybe the next model :)overall we're very pleased though.
i really like this cd player.
i do not understand why it has such a low review.
*yes the light is dim but i did not want a bright light.
it is a nightlite.
it is just fine.
*the volume does not get very loud but for what this is designed for it is fine.
i put in a lullaby cd and he drifts off to sleep.
*the timer function if great.
*the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is that i wish the digital readout and the buttons lite up.
it is hard to see in the dark and i do not like to turn on the light to see the buttons and digital read out.
maybe in the next version the manufacture will include this.
*as far as the cd's ckipping when hit, i solved that by sliding a piece of foam between the play and the rails of the crib.
i don't have too many of this company's other products, so if this is an example of their quality than i don't think i will.
first off the cover does not open without popping off the hinge and needing to be reattached, the batteries only lasted through two cd's, the volume doesn't get very high, and it doesn't even fit on the side of our crib.
being in the baby business they should know that not all crib's are made the same.
you are much better off just getting a simple boom box that play's cd's.
could not even try it it didn't fit on our crib.
looks like a good idea.
i love my cd player.
my baby uses it every time she goes to sleep...at night and for naps.
i like it cause it shuts off itself.
i gave it 4 stars cause i wish it would play louder,...but it truly is worth buying!
what a disappointment!
we were so grateful to receive this at a baby shower- it was something we really wanted.
however, it did not live up to expectations.
the sound quality was awful- very, very quiet even on the highest volume setting and, even worse, extreme static.
i exchanged it for another one thinking that maybe the first was defective but had the same problems.
we love it- buy it instead, better quality and cheaper!
i thought this would be a great idea.
so when we found out we were having twins i ran out and bought 2 of them.
we started to put the nurserys together and when it came time to put these on they wouldnt fit.
i didnt want to stratch the crib rails up so we took them back.
when we did try to play a cd in them it skipped.
we ended up just buying small cd/radio players for each of their room because this is something they can both use for a long time.
for his first 6 months of life he slept in a bassinet and this conveniently attached to it and then came the crib issues where he would stand up and try to get it off the side which inadvertently made the cd skip, fall off the track and post the "e" sign.
when he moved to a big boy bed we placed it on the dresser.
in fact, i found myself turning it down on numerous occasions as i could here it in other rooms and it seemed like it was blaring.
the cd compartment is a little hard to get into and yes it is a little noisy but who in their right mind is going to change a cd while their baby is already sleeping.
it shouldn't take longer than the 20 songs or so on a regular lullaby cd to get your baby to sleep.
therefore i never had an issue with the noise of opening the cd compartment.
the battery compartment on the other hand is a joke.
i now have another baby and just a couple days ago was once again trying to open the battery compartment.
i had to put all my strength into it and when it finally decided to open, the whole cd player flew out of my hand, hit the wall, the front compartment broke off and well needless to say wouldn't play another cd after that.
it's ridiculous to have such an item for only 3 years and then have to garbage it because it's so poorly made.
on the other hand though, i was thankful to have it many times as it did lull my kids into dreaminess and listening to it on the baby monitor-it had the same effect on me.
so i guess it serves it's purpose just inconveniently.
i debated buying another one in hopes "first years" would have fixed these issues but honestly i'd rather find another product who can make things right the first time.
once it's on, it doesn't budge, but it removes easily.
however, if our son sits down to pee, he gets pee all over the place.
even with him holding his private part down with his finger.
the cheap "bob the builder" toilet seat does a better job of keeping the pee in the toilet while he is sitting.
i wish they would make the seat more compatible with boys.
love that it wipes clean if it gets messy2)  built in pee guard for boys...  we had another seat with a snap on attachment, and of course it got lost while our daughter was using it.3)  very sturdy and stable on toilet.
i tried to use the little potty that sits on the floor but i prefer this one.
it is much less messy.
we have a boy and the front of the seat is high so it keeps the pee in the toilet for the most part.
would highly recommend this!
once set it is one hand operation especially for the times when you are running with the kid in one hand.
it not heavy in case the finger gets in between the seat.
after some little potty chair fails, i decided to try out a seat that fits on the big toilet.
this one came up first as it has the most reviews, and it does for a reason.
i do have a girl though so i cant vouch if it works for the little guys.it has a device underneath that tightens it onto the big toilet seat.
my toilet seat is the flat plastic kind so it went on with little problem.
i have to finagle it a little, but it fits and is very secure so thats a win in my book.side note: grandma owns the fischer price froggy potty which works perfectly, so if you are also thinking about getting a little chair, i highly recommend it.
fits perfectly on our toilet and is easy for our 23-month-old daughter to sit on securely.
she can even put it on the toilet herself.
i definitely, wholeheartedly recommend the baby bjorn toilet seat reducer.this seat is contoured in a way that makes it comfortable to sit on and boy's pee goes into the toilet.there is a kind-of dial thing at the back that you turn to make the seat fit snugly and securely onto your toilet so it does not shift when your little one is on it.the handle at the back means you can hang it on a little hook if you wanted to stick one of those removable 3m hooks to your wall.i also give bonus points for the colour- white without a licensed tv character in sight :-)
we've tried a few different brands of potty seats, and this is by far our favorite.
it stays in place when kids climb on and off instead of slipping or tipping like some other seats.
unfortunately we changed our toilet seat/lid combo to one of those slow close plastic ones that has the removable hinges for easy cleaning, and the baby bjorn training seat doesn't fit it.
also, after about three years (and a couple of kids) the black rubber handle on the back started to break, but i consider that minor wear and tear.
overall, i'd recommend this seat above others on the market.
my son is 21 months old and likes the bear on the product, which entices him to sit down on it.
while i think it's a great fit for the toilet, my daughter won't sit on it for more than a couple minutes, having to adjust every few seconds because she says it &#34;isn't comfy&#34;.
i'm going to have to buy a cheap padded one i guess.
stinks that i can't return this thing.
pretty expensive.
this fits my elongated toilet which the padded cartoon character seats will not.
it's easy to clean too - there are no crevices like the padded seat.
the splashguard doesn't really do much for boys and because of it, my son can't keep his legs close together like he can on the mini toilets in his daycare, so he has to be very conscious to not spray when he pees.i think it's a bit bulky for travelling.
before buying this seat, we used a generic seat from a local department store that was padded and pretty flat, with a slight "pee shield" in front.
it was pretty bulky and messy, so we looked elsewhere.
the bjorn toilet trainer is definitely more contoured to little peoples' bodies, which is great, but we still found it to be pretty messy.it fits our toilet great- it doesn't slip at all.
sometimes, though, it will stick to my son's skin after he's been sitting on it for several minutes, so it pops up as he stands.
i can't really blame the bjorn, though, as it seems to be just the fact that it is made out of plastic.i like that it is so slim, so it doesn't add much height to the existing toilet.
it's easier for my son to sit down and stand up (with the help of a stool.)
it's also very simplistic, so it is easy to clean.speaking of cleaning, though, i have to clean it after every single use.
i guess i was hoping for a basic seat that would act exactly like a normal toilet seat- the child sits down, the pee goes in the toilet, and you flush it away.
unfortunately, whenever my son urinates, even when keeping his parts pointed down, the pee gets everywhere!
maybe it is our particular toilet or something, but the splashing created from sitting so close to the edge of the toilet makes quite a mess.
the urine gets on the toilet seat, between the bjorn and the seat, and on the bjorn itself- up under the edges.honestly, i'm not really sure how the device could be improved to prevent this issue.
i'd say- spend less money for a basic seat that you still have to clean up, but at least you'd have saved money!
if you buy this seat (at least, for a boy), keep some wipes handy to keep your toilet seat clean for others to use!
there is an adjustment wheel located at the back of the seat by the handle to adjust the toile trainer to the size of the regular toilet seat.
we have elongated kohler toilets and the babybj&ouml;rn toilet trainer adjust to fit snugly.the reason i am rating it 4 stars is the adjustment wheel started slipping after a few removal and reinstallations.
now if i have to reinstall the seat, i pre-adjust it and then position it onto the regular toilet seat.
it fits my toto oval shape toilet bowl, i like it!
and my baby loves to put it on the toilet bowl and sits on it.
once she started training this was a great seat and she used it until about six months after she was trained and could get up on the seat on her own.
i first sat my baby on this when she was about 9 months old, and we've reduced the number of diapers significantly, with very rare #2 diapers, woohoo!!!
of course i had to hold the baby, but at 11 months, holding is discouraged.
there are occasionaly wiping of the front lip, but it seems much less ickier than cleaning out a typical potty.this fits almost all toilets except some smaller-sized apartment toilets, though i was able to place it on the toilet seat without having the trainer fit properly.
(but then if your kid isn't too young, you probably won't need a trainer for a small toilet.)
i just got done potty training my boy/girl twins using the small potty chairs that sit on the floor but we are planning a vacation in a few weeks and they were terrified of using the big potty but we really had to get them using one.
i bought a cheap-o potty seat and it slid around all over the place and they were scared to use it so we went back and paid twice as much and got the bjorn and so glad we did.
we have a toto brand toilet and the seat is very deep and contoured so the lock on the bjorn didn't work at all on our toilet seat, but because it also has a grippy bottom and is quite large, it fits great anyway.
this seems well built but just in case anyone was wondering, a little too big for a 75%ile 1 year old
i like this toilet seat.
it keeps his little butt out of the toilet.
he likes it, too.good for boys, no spray.
looks nice.
we have 4, all over the house...
i have two in my house and this one is my favorite.
definitely recommend this to anyone who has smaller butts (you know, children) in the house.
good toddler toilet seat.
fits well on long toilet seat.
it does come up a little easier then i thought but still no issues.
although she was mildly intrigued by them at first and quickly learned what they were for, she seemed to view them more as glorified chairs rather than places to do her business.
now that she's nearing the two-and-a-half year mark, we decided to buy a toilet trainer seat to see if that would get her more engaged in the potty training process.
after reading tons of potty seat reviews, i decided to purchase this babybjorn toilet trainer, since it's one of the few on the market that's made of bpa-free, non-toxic polypropylene plastic instead of toxic pvc or vinyl.
as an added bonus, this toilet trainer seat is fully adjustable to fit practically any size toilet seat.
we have oval-shaped, elongated toilet seats in our home, and the babybjorn potty seat fits them perfectly.
this toilet trainer doesn't slide around at all on the toilet seat, which helps my little-one to feel more secure while sitting on it.
despite the exact fit, the toilet trainer seat is so easy to put on and remove that a preschooler could probably do it unassisted.
there's a handy loop at the back of the seat so that you can hang it nearby for easy storage.
(we hang it on apotty hookthat hooks over our toilet tank).as i said in the title of this review, the babybjorn toilet trainer would be just about perfect, if only it had handles for little-ones to hold onto.
apparently, when toddlers first begin to use the "grown-up toilet," many of them experience an innate fear of falling in, even when using a potty seat insert like this one.
handles can help alleviate this fear by giving them something to hold onto to anchor themselves while sitting on the potty seat.
this was the case with my daughter.
when sitting on this toilet trainer seat, she couldn't relax enough to urinate, much less have a bowel movement.
she would either hold my hands or grab onto the sides of the (unsanitary) toilet seat in order to steady herself, but even then, she still couldn't relax enough to do her business.
the first time we used that seat, my daughter immediately grabbed onto the handles and peed for the first time in the toilet!
however, the arm & hammer potty seat is too small for my elongated toilet seat, and it's not adjustable, so it constantly slides around when my daughter is on it.
and unfortunately, none of the adjustable potty seats that are readily available on the market (the babybjorn, pourty flexi-fit and prince lionheart weepod), has handles.i thought we were doomed to be stuck with the ill-fitting arm & hammer potty seat until i came across a nifty product called the "shandle".
the shandle is a handle that sticks to the underside of your toilet seat with a strong, moisture-proof adhesive strip.
it's intended to help little boys avoid touching the germy toilet seat by providing a more sanitary grab-handle for lifting and lowering the seat.
but the shandle has turned out to be a perfect solution for us to the problem of using the handle-less babybjorn toilet trainer seat.
we just stuck a shandle on each side of our toilet seat (around the same place that our daughter would grab onto the toilet seat), and voila!
she had two, secure handles to hold onto to anchor herself has she used the toilet trainer seat.
our daughter isn't yet fully potty-trained, but now she's comfortable enough to pee in the toilet while using her babybjorn potty seat, and she looks forward to using the "big potty."
(so much so that she's pretty much lost interest in her stand-alone "baby" potty!
)if you've been holding off on getting this babybjorn potty seat because it doesn't have handles, please google "shandle" and consider giving the product a try.
it was the perfect solution for us.grade: a- (1 star deducted because the babybjorn toilet trainer doesn't have built-in handles).
doesn't slide or wiggle on the toilet.2.
pretty flat, light-weight compact design can pack easily in a suit case or other luggage for travel.4.
child doesn't fall through hole (holds little behinds securely).6.
carrying handle is great for kids and sanitary for moving the seat around.the only reason i did not give this seat 5 stars is if a little boy is sitting to go #1, you really have to make sure his "aim" is down otherwise as the force of urine stream hits the deflector it can splash up onto his legs a bit (nothing a bit of tp can't hande, though).
if the deflector were a tad higher this problem probably would go away.
the other issue is that if his "aim" isn't directed either right in the center of the deflector or right down into the bowl, the urine can splatter up under the deflector and make its way onto the toilet seat, toilet rim, and/or the back of the kid's pants if the clothing is not pushed down beyond the gap between the toilet seat and rim.no problems with #2.don't forsee any trouble with little girl use either (daughter will use this seat in about 1 1/2 years).despite the deflector issue - i would buy this product again there are too many other great attributes of it.
all it means is a little extra foresight for mom and dad when he is getting ready to go.
i started having my son sit on this and the potty chair when he turned 14 months and he actually prefers sitting on this than the potty chair that is low to the ground.
this is great for me because it is less clean up!would highly recommend!
my son (22 months) has no problem sitting on it.
the shield for boys is not high enough to sit him close to the front but if i move him to the rear of the seat the stream doesn't go over the shield.
great design, if it wasn't so pricey i would get rid of my portable potties and purchase 2 more of these.
you'll need to watch out for this, and you'll likely have a little spillage from time to time.
perhaps the next version can offer an expanded splashguard.
i still think this seat is very much worth buying.
my daughter was scared of falling in the toilet when she first started potty training.
she was so scared that she would wait until the very last second to go and she would have accidents because of it.
we ended up purchasing 3 of these because they worked so well.i am only giving it four starts though because we did find that she would hurt her booty and &#34;parts&#34; some times when she would try to slide up on it.
i understand why the bump in the front is there (to stop kids from peeing out the front of it) but if it could be made with a softer material (at least on the front) it might make it easier and less painful for kids to get on and off of.
after lots of reviews i figured this was the best seat for our long toilet's (kohler brand).
while this doesn't 100% fit/lock in.
it made for an easy transition from potty chair to the bigger toilet.
i think you have to like this toilet trainer.
we have two of these toilet trainers: one for upstairs and one for downstairs.
easy for my two year old boy to use, non-slip, and does not attach to the toilet, so you simply lift it off to use the regular seat.
the raised part in front is great--we don't have any aiming problems with this potty:)
it fits!
finally a sturdy potty seat for my awkward toilet.
potty training has been much easier now that my wiggly boy can sit without sliding off.
i loved it for the following reasons: 1. it adjusts to stay in place, 2. it fit all of the toilets in the house (important when you have two round and one elongated toilet), 3. it wasn't padded or cheesy (cheesy characters), and 4.
i like that the shape sort of holds the child in.
i potty trained my daughter the week she turned 2 and wanted to be sure that she didn't fall off of the potty, but i also didn't want to deal with emptying a little potty into a big one.
i would give it 4 1/2 starts if i could.
we ended up needing a second seat for another toilet and it had handles.
my daughter prefers to have the handles (even if the seat itself is not as secure), especially when she is pooping.
i forgot to review earlier, but this is a very good choice and no pinching or hang ups for my grandson.
i do recommend this one but you also will have to train him to hold himself down so the flow doesn't jump the small cup.
he caught on right away so no problems there.
the hubs and i don't really buy a lot of special baby/kid goods.
so we didn't want to buy him a separate little potty chair, either.
might as well start him on the real thing so we don't have to switch him over later, right?
we bought this so that he could sit comfortably on a normal toilet.this is a lovely, sturdy device, which is very easy to clean and has a convenient hook for hanging on the wall.
the guests.
just.
it.
&#34;you have a toilet seat on your wall!
wow!
that's great!&#34; said nobody ever.
but whatever, it's an easy way to store it.
the front lip is a little difficult for my son to get over when he's sitting down, but it seems like somewhat of a safety feature, so i'm good with it.i don't really know what to say.
it's well made, but come on, it's a potty seat.
your kid sits on it to pee.
it's not super hard to get that wrong.
anyway, my son is still not really interested in the potty, but that speaks more to his love of pooping in his diaper in whatever hidden corner he can find than the quality of the chair.
i'd recommend this product to others.
i have 3 boys and this is the solution for our needs.
i like it is made of hard plastic instead of the foam type seat, easy to clean.
it has a nice shape for sitting.
as far as a boy doing number 1 while sitting on the potty, he has to lean forward or you will have a mess to clean up.
that doesn't seem to be a big deal to the boys.
it has a nice loop on the top so we can hang it on the toilet with the potty hook and it is adjustable to fit different potty hole sizes.
seems very durable.
having our grandson move closer meant i needed to purchase some necessary equipment - and a potty seat is definitely necessary.
however, the toilets in our home have elongated seats and many of the potty seats i looked at were made for standard toilet seats.
this moves two "wings" so that the seat attaches securely to the toilet seat, even if it is an elongated seat.
after securing the seat, i tried to wiggle the babybj&ouml;rn toilet trainer from side-to-side as might happen with a rambunctious toddler.
further, it is curved so that liquids do not hit it and splash out the sides; they flow down into the toilet as they should.
the solid piece construction of the main seat prevents waste products from becoming trapped in grooves or joints and minimizes the possibility of odor.further, the seat rinses off easily and can then be hung, by the large attached loop, to dripdry.
i hung a light s-shaped hook over the towelbar on the back wall of the bathtub and use it to hold the babybj&ouml;rn toilet trainer after it has been rinsed.if you are looking for a quality potty seat which will fit both standard and elongated toilet seats, you should definitely consider the babybj&ouml;rn toilet trainer.
it is a five-star necessity!
it does not slip and slide.
my 2 year old daughter can lift it up and put it on the toilet.
it is very easy to clean.
great product.
love this thing.
relatively cheap, comes in various colors, has an adjustment knob to 'fit' various toilet sizes, the hooks allows you to hang it (added a tacky hook to bathroom wall) and best of all it doesn't have the creavises other seats have - let me explain.
had another potty seat that was 'cushioned' -&#62;  not sure why a kid needs a cushioned seat, it is not like they will be sitting reading the newspaper for ten minutes at a time - anyway, it didn't take long for the vinyl cushion to get pee and other 'gunk' stuck between the cushion and the plastic rim - and then you have to look at it each time to put it on the toilet.
i purchased this hoping to avoid using a stand alone toilet trainer.
this seat fits snugly onto the toilet and doesn't move around.
my daughter just didn't like sitting up on the adult toilet...oh well, i know it will get used someday when she does feel more comfortable sitting up there.
it was quickly returned, and replaced with this one.this seat is so easy to use - there's a dial that's accessible from the top back to adjust its fit, and it's snug as could be.
we have one of the long oval toilet bowls, and that didn't cause any trouble with this seat.
it's secure and doesn't move around, but really easy to take off again for adults and older kids to use.
this only showed up this morning, but already my two and a half year old has nearly figured out how to get it on and off the toilet seat by himself.
it has a nice pee-guard for little boys, and sits down into the toilet a bit so the pee doesn't end up coming out between the toilet and seat.
we put a big sturdy step stool in front of the toilet, and my son is so excited now that he can get up there and down again by himself!
to be honest we have the mini potty by baby bjorn and it is simpler and the kids can do it all on their own... so this might be good for someone to use in a second bathroom where they do not want to have a little potty sitting around.
you can easily hide it behind the toilet...
at first, i wasn't sure if this seat would work as it doesn't have side handles and the splash guard seemed too high.
our favorite thing about using this seat is no more cleaning out pee-pee and poo-poo (gets pretty gross when my girl has diarrhea) since it goes right in the toilet!
we also have the baby bjorn potty, so they make great products.
we ordered this seat for our daughter after she liked the one her cousins had.
it is a great size for a little two-year-old learning to sit on the toilet.
the front part can get a little messy if they scoot forward after using the bathroom, but the surface is very easy to clean.
now i know why the cheap potty seats are so cheap.
if i had this would have been the one i would have bought.
it's adjustable and easily fits the toilet at my son's house and the one at my house.
my granddaughter wouldn't sit one the "cheap" one bought originally but really likes this one.
dry days are coming soon, wish they had these when my kids were at this stage.
i have only found one toilet that it did not fit on.
this product really does fit all toilets.
we used it on the road at a hotel, and it fit on the hotel's elongated toilet.
which just about says it all!this potty seat is easy for my daughter to put on the potty and remove.
we have a hook on the wall for hanging it when she's not using it.
she seems to find it comfy to, judging from how long she's willing to sit there sometimes.
the other two had soft, foamy seats, which try as we might, we couldn't keep clean.
we ended up tossing them, as they would eventually begin to smell, and become discolored from the inside out.
they always seemed to leave my daughter's bum with an angry red rash too.
so, the absolute best feature of this potty seat is how clean it is, how clean it stays, and how low maintenance it is.
we wipe it down occasionally, but its wonderful design keeps it from getting waste on it, and keeps germs from accumulating.lastly, it's easy to install for any toilet.
fits on larger toilet seat.
i don't even need to secure it to the lid, fits perfectly without moving.
it is so secure when placed on a toilet and really - that's what i was worried about.
it's very comfortable for my big/tall toddler and i feel very safe when she uses it.
so easy to put on, use and take off that my two-year-old has no problem doing it by himself.
i have an oval, enlongated toilet that we use this seat on.
a twist of the dial in back simply adjusts it to fit.
there's no screwing and unscrewing it each time you use it... just do it once for fit.there's a different brand at church that has handles, so i thought he'd miss not having the them to hold onto.
he doesn't miss them at all.
in fact, if you are potty training, it's best to imitate the really thing anyways.
you're not going to find handles on a public toilet, so why train your kids to get used to them being there?the rubber edge allows it to grip the seat.
all the potty seats i looked at say they are for older children, including this one.
i had started, earlier this summer, putting her on the regular potty when i noticed her struggling with a #2.
so rather than watching her be uncomfortable as she sat in her diaper or stood on her hands and feet in awkward positions, i decided to take her to the potty.
it was tiring and uncomfortable holding her on the regular toilet seat, but using the toilet was effective at helping my daughter do the job she needed to do, plus i've saved several diapers this way.after reading many reviews, i decided to try the babybjorn toilet trainer.
my daughter seems comfortable on it, and i don't have to use as much strength to support her on the toilet since the babybjorn seat provides a better and more stable sitting surface without me having to worry about her little bottom sinking into the toilet.i have a very small bathroom and just recently purchased a potty hook from babies r us.
now the potty seat hangs from the toilet tank and is easily accessible and neat looking.pros:sits securely on toilet seateasy to cleanflexible handle for hangingcons:expensive (best price at my time of purchase was here at amazon)i would recommend it, but i am wondering if the arm and hammer seat (which seems to be similar in shape) is comparable.
it is less expensive.
i would like to get another seat for grandma and papa's home, but am not sure if i want to spend the same amount of money i spent on the babybjorn seat since my daughter will be at my home more than at her grandparents' home.
fits our toilet seat very without sliding and no space left on sides.
classy, not gaudy, if you can say that of a toilet seat.
this potty works just as described and has been very easy to use.
my only complaint is that for a little boy you do have to be sure to push his privates as downward as possible because the bump at the front is not that high.
once i did not do this and had pee going everywhere.
it doesn't move around like the other potty seats she has used.
would definitely recommend!
super portable (but easier to have one on each floor!
), i've already followed another reviewer's advice to pop it in a tote bag for when we're out and about- that way, he's not afraid of using the sometimes huge potties in stores!
i can't compare this to any other seats (well, we also got an actual potty chair just in case, but he's not interested), but this has worked great so far.
also the splash guard doesn't work to keep the pee from shooting out from under the seat.
if you have a girl it might be for you, if you have a boy don't get this seat.
also the seat is bulky and very annoying to get it to fit each time.
if anyone who has had a hard time potty training their kids this will make it so much harder!!
we have bought three of these toilet trainers (one for each bathroom).
cannot recommend these enough!!!!!
in particular, it has two braces which can be moved by turning a dial accessible while the seat is on the toilet, to make the potty seat tightly held in the toilet seat, and therefore stable.
that's nice.the plastic is smooth and easy to clean.
and unfortunately, i spend a lot of time cleaning this potty seat and around it when my boy pees sitting down.
however, it's not aimed downward but instead is straight up and down.
unless i'm extremely careful to position him towards the very back of the potty seat (a problem if he will poo), my son winds up hitting himself, the toilet seat, and for all i know the ceiling when he pees.
worse, the pee splashes up underneath the potty seat and pools around the inside of the black rubber seal around the potty seat's edge.
it's a mess, and requires cleaning the toilet seat every time i remove the potty seat from top of it.i guess i should consider this incentive to get him to learn to point down when he pees, but when you're potty training and just trying to get your kid to use the toilet at all, it's a pain.so, five star construction, comfort for sitting, and the adjustable fit.
average is four stars.addendum: since writing this review i've used a few other potty seats, which has improved my opinion of this one.
unfortunately unless you teach your boy to aim downwards, pee is going all kinds of places you don't want with pretty much any potty seat.
in this potty seat, there's sprayback, but in a travel potty seat, the pee can actually shoot under the toilet seat and above the toilet, at the hapless parent foolish enough to stand in front of the boy.
and i get some sprayback.
so, given a choice between these two design options, i think the babybjorn probably makes the right choice.
my girl covered it in lifelike bug stickers which is just funny when company comes.
for as long as their little tushes are too small for the big seat, it is awesome.
there's nothing to improve and nothing more we could want.
my son used this when we transition from the potty chair to the toilet.
he didn't have to fear falling in the toilet with this.
i hung mine on the bathroom wall and he would take it down and put it on the toilet himself when he had to do #2 and then put it back when he was done.
although the adjuster to fit on our oval toilet doesn't work on it, it doesn't matter because it has a rubber edge that keeps it in place easily, for all 3 of my triplets, and they're all different sizes.
my little one has tried a few different toilet trainers, and this one by far is the best.
don't get me wrong, our bjorn trainer is a keeper- has a great seal, extra pee guard in the front, adjustable fit, and the handle makes for easy storage and cleanup.
but, when it comes to toilet seats for training...let's be honest...you can find a cheaper one that does the job.
this one is just maybe the cadillac of trainers?
i've returned 4 of them immediately after seeing how the design of the seat would not work for our son (i would have a little bellagio fountain spraying on my floor instead of the toilet).
so i sucked it up and threw down the money for the more expensive baby bjorn.
why didn't i buy this sooner!?!
?this is the best potty seat i purchased.
it is adjustable to fit into any type of toilet seat.
my kids wanted to sit on the toilet quickly, but of course, were too small.
in a move of overzealous anticipation which has become common for me, i bought both this toilet trainer seat and the bjorn stand alone potty for my daughter when she was 18 months old.
obviously she didn't do much with either, but she liked to sit on the stand alone potty and pretend she was going, or put her stuffed animals on it to make them pee.
fast forward to about a week ago, she just turned 2 in august, and she uses this toilet trainer all the time.
as others have mentioned, she can place it on the toilet herself, which she really enjoys, and even helps me wipe it off after using.
even with a girl, she has managed to pee over the splash guard twice so far, but it is really a small price to pay for how clean and convenient this seat is.
partially it is because she is so fascinated with seeing what is going on that she leans back and the pee goes out, so it is not actually a flaw in design.
i love that it fits in my (formerly) diaper bag, so she always has a clean toilet seat, even while travelling.
i was skeptical of this seat initially, but bought it anyway based on the reviews, and boy am i glad i had this on hand and ready to go, because when the timing is right, it's right!
with a step stool, my 2 year old can put this on the toilet herself and get up onto it.
love the little potty as well, but obviously prefer that there is no clean up required with the seat toppers.
this seat has such great reviews, i didn't think i could go wrong with it.
we've had it for over 2 years now, and i'm getting fed up with cleaning up the mess.
at first the splash guard wasn't tall enough, and everything ended up on the floor and on my son's clothes.
now, that he knows to tuck it inside and keep his legs closed, the mess is on the regular toilet seat.
i have to clean the toilet seat every time i lift the babybjorn potty seat.
and i can't believe it has such great reviews.
maybe i'll change my mind about it once my daughter is old enough to start using it.
but for now, not very impressed.
when we were potty training our daughter, my friend told me that the toilet trainer that goes on toilet might be better to use over the one that sits on the ground because if they get too used to the one on the ground, they may be scared to go on the toilet since it's higher up.
so we bought this one and even if they are still too small, you don't have to worry about them falling into the toilet because of the way it's made.
my son is 11 months and he can sit on the toilet on this and we don't worry about him falling in.
he may try to get off but we just sit there too and bring toys or things for him to do while he sits there and then he doesn't try to climb off.
the first one had the handle crack.i bought a different potty seat to replace this one initially and it was sent back quickly in favor of this seat!there is a dial that turns to adjust two plastic pieces that sizes it for your toilet.my son is 3 and he knows how to use the potty all by himself.
he is able to put this down on the toilet and get on and off it himself.
also recommend buying potty hooks for a few buck each (may be cheapest at bru unless things change).
i have a potty chair for my son but want him to have the option of using the big potty on a regular basis as soon as possible, so i am fitting each toilet in our house with one of these.
i recommend this potty seat to all the mom's i know.
it has a convenient handle for carrying and hanging and is super easy to clean.you can not go wrong with this seat!!
the lip on this is necessary for boys!
i didnt know you had to lift the seat up to use this.
there is a rubber thing inthe back that stops you from placing it on the seat itself, you need to lift up the seat and place it on the dirty part of the rim....all b/c of that stupid rubber thing in the back.
i evem tried cutting it off, but it still doesnt help.
this was a poor design.
they thought about the little things that would make this better than the competition.
kept the price reasonable.
i'm sure this is a good toilet seat.
my daughter refused (still refuses) to use this b/c the elevated curve of the seat for some reason scares her off.
it looks like it's made well and i hate to give a 3 star review due to my daughter's quirky view on it.
however, i'm not sure if other toddlers new to using a toilet would have similar stresses since this is all new to them.
maybe this would work better for older children?
what i also love about the seat is that it doesn't move once you get it on the toilet.
i don't have to worry about my son slipping and sliding around as he moves on the potty.
this makes it easy for your toddler to use the potty without feeling as though they are going to fall into the toilet.
my only complaint is that it does not secure well to the toilet itself.
it can easily be pulled off.
this is not offensive to look at, it stays put on the toilet and the splashguard works beautifully.
its very easy to clean because it's all one piece and my son feels very comfortable sitting on this one without pinching his thighs or feeling like he may tip to the side.
love the company but this trainer does not fit a round toilet and seat.
(we have a toto with a bemis seat.)
this is not entirely clear in the product description, so i hope this review helps others avoid the hassle of ordering and returning.
this was easy enough for my toddler to put on the toilet.
it's simple to clean and fits well.
we very much preferred this over the potty seat that doesn't sit on the toilet - my son wanted the &#34;real thing&#34;.
we really love this toilet trainer.
he has yet to &#34;go&#34; but at least, for now, he wants to sit on the toilet.
i could tell my daughter was comfortable sitting on it, and it didn't scoot around at all.
it's easy to remove quickly for others who are already potty trained when they gotta go!
great design--we haven't actually used it yet, but i like how it fits on the toilet seat.
it seems like it would fit any seat.
we were trying to introduce our baby to potties really early, but have been lazy about it.
we also have the other bjorn toilet and she doesn't mind sitting on that one.
but we can use it on the changing table, so it's easier for us.
she's 8 months.
my son was scared of falling into the toilet so this was super helpful when we really dove into potty training.
he liked that it tightened down so it didn't slide around like a cheaper model we had picked up.
the little lip in the front is very handy for boys learning to aim while seated if you know what i mean.
;) we're getting ready to use it for boy #2 and it still looks new.
i did a lot of research before purchasing a seat to go on our toilet.
i already have a bjorn stand alone potty but my daughter didn't seem to be comfortable on it for more than a minute or two and she wanted to sit on the big potty but is just too small.
so i figured a seat to go on the regular toilet would be the way to go.
so far though it hasn't gotten her to go she does seem comfortable sitting on it.
the design is really clever and i do believe that it would fit on any seat tightly the way it's adjustable.
it's nice to feel comfortable that it's not going to slide around.
i think this is definitely the way to go for toilet training.update 11/21/2011: my daughter is now actually using the seat instead of just sitting on it:) this seat has successfully taught her how to use the potty.
we like it so much that for our travels over the holidays we've ordered another seat to be sent to where we'll be spending the holidays so she'll have the exact same seat there.
very happy with this product.
stays on snugly, prevents leaks well, easy to clean.
here is what i like about this:- you can adjust some fitting with the turn of a dial on the inside back of the seat so that it doesn't shift when on the toilet (this way i can use it on different toilet bowls and it sits steady)- just one piece (that way things don't get in between the pieces), less mess and easy to clean- contoured etc and all the stuff they say in their descriptionwhat i wish was different:  i wish that the seat was a little cushioned.
if he's been on the potty for a while, poor thing has red marks on his butt.
(it goes away, just don't like seeing that)
this toilet seat works great.
nice design, fits easily on toilet.
easy to clean.
i recommend this item (and the matching step stool too!).
have it up and downstairs our almost three year old likes this more then the potty chair.
fits on the toliet really snug
love this seat!
well designed to adjust to many different sizes of toilets.
super easy to clean after each use.
we were using (without any luck) the prince lionheart weepod.
the bb toilet trainer by comparison #1 has the dial adjustment to fit any toilet, long or round.
i put a small black dot on the dial where it has the perfect fit, because with time, it does adjust ever so slightly, so i know exactly where it needs to be snug.
#2 the entire base that sits on your toilet seat is lined with rubber so there's a no slip grip.
my daughter was having such a hard time getting herself up, on & over the hump on the weepod.
this may be a downside for boys, but is a bonus for girls.
#4 you can hang it.
i put a command hook a few inches below the tp roll & that's where we hang it between uses.
all key things in her independence.
and there's no putting it on wrong because the positioning is always right.
#5 this is completely personal reasoning, but for some reason the fact that it is hard plastic rather than squishy soft material (in my head) makes it seem more sanitary.
the way it is shape gives the right alignment to be sitting on it.
the weepod, for whatever reason, would cause her to lean back in the seat.
a+++ in everyway.
worth every penny!
haven't had the opportunity to need this yet as we are still utilizing the baby potty seated on the floor as our guy is too little to get on the regular potty yet.
however, wanted to get everything together and ready when we will need it.
this seat is very well made and really like that it is all one piece so there is no need to worry about bacteria collecting around a "snap on" deflector (for boys).
it was easy to adjust to fit our regular seats, and i now have it on a hook next to the regular potty when the time comes that we are ready to use it.
i also purchased the stool and potty book...and am ready whenever my kiddies are.
i purchased this toilet seat along with a potty book for boys (and no potty).
he learned to go on this by itself, i was amazed at how fast he learned.
all i had to do was get rid of the diapers and buy him big boy underwear to start the potty journey.
this toilet seat is versatile and you can take it along anywhere you go!
i highly recommend it -- no need for a potty either :).
i read several reviews before settling on this one.
initially, i was considering the potty with the ladder but breakage, slippage and space were an issue with that one.
it fits over my elongated toilet seat comfortable without slipping so i have no fear of it falling in when my little ones rush to the potty.
they even put it on the seat themselves.
it little ridge on the front are perfect for little boys and avoid any leakage or spilling!
we'd much rather her to her business on a real potty than the plastic baby bjorn potties that we also have.this device is simply fantastic.
it doesn't shift side to side and feels like an extension of the real toilet seat because of how secure it stays in place.
if you've ever had a kid fall into the toilet you know important that feature is!
i have a less exspensive cushioned princess toilet topper but this baby bjorn is so much better!pros--easily adjustable to fit most (if not all) toliet seats.-snug fit; doesn't wiggle/wobble when climbed onto by my 28lb 2yr old & no worries of her legs/fingers being pinched between the seats.-ergonomic design; my daughter seems very comfortable on this seat; much more so than the "cushioned" one i mentioned prior.-would work well for girls or boys since it has a high front side which helps to avoid accidents.-very estically pleasing.-one fluid piece so it is easy to clean; no grooves, creases, etc.
to have to worry about.-durable; something i can definitley hold onto for our next baby.cons-n/a ;)i would highly recommend this item.
it's worth the extra $10 you'll pay for it over the cheaper ones!
the dial in back made for a snug fit.
haven't had any issues cleaning it up.
my daughter was hesitant at first but there wasn't even a scare of her falling in once she sat on it!
yet, this potty seat fits the seat in an awkward manner, causing pee to leak both on top and under the front of the toilet seat.
granted, i have little boys, so maybe this isn't so much of a problem with girls.we had much better luck with the mommy's helper cushie tushie potty seat (the one with the ducks on it), which is, incidentally, much cheaper and easier to clean.
the same unfortunate pee situation never happens with that seat.
i guess because he feels like a big kid using the big potty.
we also haven't had any accidents with pee splashing out of it, so the pointy splashguard at the end seems to work.
i'd give it five stars if it had handles on the side like i've seen on other training potties.
i like the style and ease of this potty seat, but for my daughter, the hole is much too big.
she squirms on it, and will not use it unless i am holding onto her-she starts to slip and fall in.
i am having to end up buying a much smaller seat.
she is 2 1/2 and a little on the small side.
stays in place well, and my baby can sit on it himself (he is 5 months old).
we've been using it since he was 3 or 4 months, and it worked well then too.
it's hard to get excited about a potty seat, but my toddler loves this one.
we keep the babybjorn toilet trainer on a low hook next to the toilet for him to grab.
he can carry it by the little rubber handle and (with some help) put it on the seat.
i've already adjusted the potty seat to fit our elongated toilet.
it fits nice and snug on top of the toilet seat with no rocking or tipping, and my son sits on it quite well with no danger of falling in or off it (he's almost 2 but he's big for his age).
it fits round toilet seats too with just a turn of the dial, which makes it great for travel.
i wish it came with a travel bag/carrier of some sort.
(i'll have to make my own travel potty kit: an old duffel bag, flat-folding step stool, flushable wipes, disinfectant wipes, antibacterial hand gel, etc.)
it's made of the same durable material as the seat that came with our white toilet so it matches perfectly, and it's easy to clean.
i expect the guard in the front will keep things where they're supposed to go -- we haven't had a "full" event yet, but fingers crossed.
of all the seats out there, this one seems to be one if the most well made and most functional.
no hassles as they are adjustable.
my son has to hoist himself off and on the potty as he is not yet tall enough to rest his feet on the foot stool while using it.
the pee guard is so large that i was seriously concerned about his "equipment" being damaged in the process of trying to stand up.
i recommend the arm and hammer potty seat over this (much cheaper too).
this toilet trainer is more than a trainer.
a 3-year old can put it in place, making the child independent.
the prongs that hold it in place are not very stiff, so the seat is easy to remove, even for a child.
easily get a tight fit to the toilet seat and remove for adults in just seconds.
i would buy this product again and would recommend it to anyone.
i wonder if i am the only one who was not able to attach it to the existing toilette seat.
the description says "adjusts easily and sits firmly in place"...well, it does not.
it slides right out of the existing seat.
so i basically keep in there not attached at all and have to sit my child and remove him from there, otherwise the seat falls out.
i decided to try this one out.
it does seem a bit more pricey than other toilet seats but it is worth it.
it is adjustable and allows the child to sit more naturally on the  toilet than the thick padded seats.
not much to say beyond that - it does what its supposed to do, and its easy to clean.
i started using this on my son when he was 9 months old - have nothing to complain about.
we have round and elongated and it fits both no problem.
i put one in the guest bathroom and i can leave it there when i have people over.the cons: by the time you get the seat cover up, the pants down, the seat on and plop you kid on the toilet he's already pee'd hisself.the slashguard - after watching my sons try to get up from it on there own i quickly realized they might end up eunuchs.
even with the stool and me standing there it is still dangerous; they have to be lifted.
when they try to maneuver around it, the seat becomes dislodged from putting there weight on one side.
i was horrified to hear that some boys actually pulled their skin open and needed stitches.
i was even more appalled by some reviewers saying that the parents should have been more vigilant.
with all the worry and guilt inherant in parenting thats just a mean thing to say; and not trure.
the whole point of potty training is to get your child to go on their own.
they can't learn if you are hovering every time.i bought the built in toilet seat instead.
and prevents my daughter of falling into the toilet.
it does get a little dirty and requires a regular wipe down, but i like this (plus a step booster) more than the little potty.
(potty trained now)sometimes, he sits on this for a long time....so i know it's very comfortable....lolthe handle helps germophobic mommies.
and it easy to wash too.the pee cover should be higher though as he has to hold down his thing so as not to pee all over the toilet floor.even with that, it is still a 5 star rating!
now if potty training was just as easy.
easy to clean the toilet still too.
would recommend.
having gone through several (cheaper) seats - and tons of clorox wipes cleaning up the dribbles off the toilet and floor - i read reviews and tried this one for my twins.
the adjustable mechanism makes all the difference in the world - as long as its adjusted snugly on the toilet, no leaks, dribbles, messes!
i bought one for each toilet that they use and it's worth the $, no question!
it adjusts to fit most toilet lids- does not fit well on grandma's already contoured seat.
this is a hard, but perfectly contoured seat for a little bottom.
we have the cushioned one, with little ducks which is nice, but this is really a step up.
i really liked this one enough to purchase a second for trips to grandma's.
it comes in other colors, but i only have white.
i keep this toilet seat in my son's bathroom along with the bjorn step stool.
i also took a plastic over the door towel hook and hung it from under the tank of our toilet (on the side).
this works perfectly to hang the seat by its plastic handle when not in use.
we are just beginning to potty train so it hasn't had much actual use yet and i can't speak to how well it works otherwise.
i've bought several potty training seats, and this is by far the very best out there as far as fit and stability.if i were going to change one thing about it, it would be to make a boy's version and a girl's; the guard in front is pretty unnecessary for our daughter, and it gets in the way of her wiping herself.with that said, i'm really happy with the way it adjusts to fit the seat and doesn't wobble or slide to one side, like other seats i've tried.
it's also very easy to take on and off the toilet seat so others can use the bathroom with no trouble, thanks to the handle.don't bother with those other seats.
this is the one you need.
this seat fits my toilet beautifully and only wished i bought it from the get go.
dramatic change in just 2 days of getting the seat.
i bought this for my 8 months old daughter after she had been using the babybjorn potty for a month or so.
i realised that it wasn't much fun cleaning the potty so decided to give this toilet seat a go and it's been working great for us.
after 3 weeks of use maybe 1-2x/day, the rubber handle is separating from the rest of the potty.
i just began hanging it from a hook, so maybe that had something to do with it.
this isn't a problem that i read in any of the reviews i perused, and the instructions on the box say to hang it on a hook.
i am returning it and hoping for better luck with the replacement.other than that, my daughter loves this.
she's 18 mo old, 21 lbs, and fit it quite well.
we only managed to catch her doing her business using it once though.
the product fit very well on my elongated toilet seat and was easy to adjust.
i tried a few different seats and nothing fit my oval shaped toto seats well.the adjusters in this allow it to fit the seat perfectly.
it's sturdy, and easy to clean.
hangs perfectly with the potty hook.great product!
purchased this after purchasing the babybjorn smart potty because the other was too high at first.
this one is just ever so slightly smaller and a much better fit for either small or early trained kids.
almost like the squatting position you see kids do in diapers.although i have seen kids as old as 2.5 using this potty, it appears to be geared more for younger ones.
i ordered this for use while visiting my parents.
she can easily scoot accross the floor while seated on it.it might be good if you have a very early potty trainer or one on the (very) smaller side.
my daughter is about 35 inches tall and her knees come to her chest while seated on this.
i bought this potty after reading the reviews and trying to decide on the little or big potty.
i didn't think the small one would be a problem, since  my 18-month old son is on the small side.
however, after receiving it, i would only recommend this potty to those who are doing ec or for travel.
my son seems to like it, but he looks huge on it and it will not last for long.
it also slides all over the tile floor like someone mentioned.
i really wish i would have bought the bjorn big potty.
he's about 27 pounds age 21 months.get some of those disinfectant wipes and clean it out each time and you're good.
(wear gloves and wash your hands after too.
it's small in design, with no removable bowl which makes it very hard to keep clean.
save your money and upgrade to the baby bjorn regular potty which is well worth the money!!
as the previous reviewer mentioned, it's one piece so nowhere for the pee to go except inside.
i think the only fault is that it's incredibly low to the ground, so although that is great for new learners, once they master the potty training and you just need an extra around the house, it doesn't encourage them to go because it's too short.
make sure never to use bleach in these, though, i ruined the bottom of one of these by letting it sit in a 50% bleach solution, it ate away the smooth bottom.
i have been practicing ec with me 2 month old, and she went on this the first time i tried!
its easy to dump it into the toilet and rinse in the bathroom sink (the one we don't use, hah).
great little potty for introducing the concept of going potty outside a diaper early on.
it's small because it's meant for early use.
i like the simplicity of the chair, its easy to grab and use when an any room and clean is really easy.
we aren't full blown potty training yet, so i imagine when we do we will probably need a more perm.
fixture.
we got this potty for our 2 1/2 little girl after she was potty trained for little over a month.
we have the bigger baby bjorn potty for home, but we quickly learned that she is terrified of big toilets when we're away from the house.
we keep this potty in our car and it's been great!
she knew it was a potty as soon as she saw it because it's the same color as her big one and it has the same bear on it.
we take it to friends' houses when we're over there, and we even have her use it in the car when we're away from the house for long periods of time.
she thinks it's great (and funny) that she gets to "pee in car" and has used it right away every time.
i recommend it to anyone.
oh, and it's much shorter than her big potty, but she doesn't seem to mind one bit.
honestly, i wish we had gotten this one first for when she was really little and interested in the potty (we got her first potty at 16-months, but she still had a hard time getting on it herself because she was so small).
the guard in front is large enough to contain pee but not too large for an infant.
for all those ec moms, this is a perfect product.
ok so my 8mo old has been doing ec (google it) since 3 mo old.so we have like 4 of these (1 per room)you gotta get a white one!!
white makes it so much easier to see if he has gone #1 (and 2).i wish all 4 of ours were white.please star this so others know white is the way to go.oh and bjorn, please make a clear one!
she often gets so frustrated with the larger potty that she tries to turn the receptacle around, which of course, doesn't help matters.this small potty has been an ideal solution.
we knew buying it that it will likely be a temporary potty, and that when she's too big for it, she can graduate to the larger one.my only complaints are as follows:-judging from the marks on her bum, i don't believe that it's quite as comfortable as the larger version for long periods of sitting, and she's our second to have that tendency to "camp" on the potty.-the ease of dumping it is somewhat less that the larger bjorn potty.
where we can rinse the receptacle for the larger one in the bathroom sink, this one is just large enough that we have to rinse it in the bathtub, and there's a bit more area that needs to be cleaned, with it all being one piece.
since we don't really plan on making it the long-term potty, and more just a trainer, this isn't such a big deal.so, if you're looking for a small potty for a younger child that will temporarily suit them perfectly, look no further.
a nice bonus is how little space this potty takes up!
i think it's the smallest potty we've encountered yet.
i've noticed that the negative reviews on this potty focus on how small it is.
yes, it is small.
it would be too small for most kids beyond the age of 3 and any bigger/tall  toddlers.
their feet will touch the ground and it's easy for them to sit on.
this makes it really easy to carry to different areas of the house, in the car, and it seems less tempting to be used as a hat.
really great little potty.
we used this chair starting when my daughter was around 8 months old and it was the perfect fit for her.
it was comfortable (or so it seemed) and easy to keep clean!she is 18 months now and we still use it often every day and we have more than gotten our money's worth - but i think she is getting a bit big for it now.
good learning potty as it's easy to sit on quickly.
no messy parts to clean.
my third son was bigger than average and had no issue sitting on this potty.
he was two and a half by the time he was potty trained, used this potty (off and on) until he was almost four (we've only one bathroom, so he used it "in case of emergency!).
this one has no cracks or crevasses!
the ones with the take out pot some how always get urine under them.
yuck!
i love how easy this is to clean.
after all the uses, it doesn't smell like urine or excrement at all.i'm on here ordering another one for my little girl so i can have two--one upstairs and one downstairs.
you can not go wrong with this potty!
(petite = 20 lbs, 28 1/2 inches tall, wearing 12 mos clothes).
it is a tiny potty, and we were looking for one because nothing in the aisle at target was small enough for her to sit comfortably on it.
from the minute i unpacked her potty, she walked right over and sat down on it, diaper and all.
i like that it's backless in that it's easier to sit behind her and make potty time a relaxing time, while i hold a book in front of her.
i do wish it had a higher back, a la the bigger baby bjorn potty, so that she had something to rest her back on for long sits.
i like that it is all one piece, making it super easy to clean.
it does fit well in our little bathrooms, too.
i would suggest this potty for parents who are introducing potty training early, including but not limited to ec'ers.
she can sit on it on her own.
imagine a gallon of milk cut in half.
there is no problem emptying it.
we just add a small amount of water and dump it in the toilet.
then a quick rinse and dump that in the toilet.
this is much better than seats on the real toilet that she feels uncomfortable on.
i'm glad i chose this potty!
the lip is especially great for little boys.
it stays really clean because it's just one piece of shaped plastic.
the other potty leaked out the front.
it works well and i can't imagine anything better.
i can definitely recommend it.
i got two of these after starting ec with my 9 month old.
my son can't get on it by himself, but can get off...his feet touch the floor when he is seated and he is low enough to reach for toys.
other reviews said that they wished bjorn would make a clear potty like this which is why i got white (next best thing for seeing when he's done).
if you are considering trying ec...don't hesitate you will be shocked how readily young children will indicate they need to potty and will use the potty consistently.
great quality product for price!
this little thing could not have been more perfect for what i wanted and my daughter needed.
i bought it when she was about 8 months old and just had her sit on it before bathtime while i got the water running to get used to having it in her environment.
she went #1 and #2 on her first sit.
since then, she is now 13 months old and nearly every time we sit her on it, she goes #1.
we're still only using it to allow her to adapt to its presence since they don't have potties for her to use at daycare, but i absolutely love this potty and so does she!the only one thing that has given us a hard time is that she has figured out how to "scoot" around on it which was making it more of a vehicle than a potty.
i read another reviewer that just put some no-slip type of gripper on the bottom so i gave it a shot.
it solved the problem and we are back to happily going in her potty.i highly recommend it!
she has no problem sitting on it or using it to do her business.
we all love it!
also, i was able to pack it in my suitcase when we went to grandma's so that's a huge plus!
while she is still too small to actually sit on it by herself (she'd fall right in), we hold her over it when we think she needs to empty the tank and have had much success with it.
before you jump down my throat over why i shouldn't be using this for such a tiny baby, i'll defend myself by saying sometimes she will fuss uncontrollably and it will calm her immediately to have her diaper removed and have the opportunity to relieve herself without the confines of a diaper.
it's a nice size for us right now, however.cleaning it is relatively simple with dumping the waste into the toilet, rinsing it out, then wiping it down with disinfecting wipes.
one feature i really would love to have in this is a pour spout somewhere to make dumping the waste a cleaner task.
because of this lack of design feature, you are faced with two options when emptying the potty out: flip it upside-down really fast to avoid getting waste spread around the edges (never tried it...sounds too risky) or pour it out over the side and be faced with the waste spreading all over the side you dumped it from.
i'm sure nobody is a fan of dripping baby pee and poop or having to wipe up more than necessary.
a pour spout would have been a simple solution to this problem.otherwise, we are completely pleased with this product.
i can imagine having a second one for the car down the line might be a good investment considering how reasonably priced it is.update: we still use this now that our daughter is five months old.
i hate to say it, but ikea perfected the "spout" design to cleanly pour out waste.
the ikea potty is bigger and the opening is wider, so we have to be more careful about her backside falling in and it appears to be a bit more uncomfortable for smaller babies.
i wish these two potties could get together and create a perfect design for little babies :)
this is a no frills, easy to clean, comfortable potty...just as a potty is supposed to be.
i wanted something that would be comfortable for her little bumbum but nothing that would distract her from the job at hand.
cleaning is pretty easy, i wipe with clorox disinfecting wipes 4-pack: 1 fresh scent, 2 lemon fresh, 1 orange (78 wipes per canister - 312 wet wipes total), wash with hot water and spray withclorox anywhere daily sanitizing spray, 22-fluid ounce bottles (case of 9)and let dry or wipe dry.
it is easy to clean - overall full satisfaction!
i own two of these potties.
i love that there aren't any extra bells and whistles to get in the way of easy clean up.we have one in blue and one in yellow.
even with extensive scrubbing, i can't get all the black off.
obviously, this doesn't affect useability, but i feel robbed paying full-price for something that looks like it's been thrown under a bus.
big disappointment!
especially since the yellow color was sooooo cute!
way cuter than the blue - which, in comparison, seems a bit dull.
this chair is so much better that it doesn't even compare.
our son has been using it to go to the bathroom (so far just pee pees :) ) for several months and loves it.
in contrast, he is lukewarm about the other chair.the best things about this chair:1)  simple two piece design means that it is easy to clean.
other potties seem to have 5 or more pieces, just asking for places to trap dirt.
it is a nightly ritual before his bath.3)  inexpensivedownside?
we haven't found a downside yet.
we got this one and the summer infant and they're so similar you might as well get the cheaper one.
this one is definitely taller but our son hasn't had better or worse luck with either one.
love the high back and the front lift.
i was not able to find a babybjorn with the aforementioned essentials.
would buy the same brand, if they made a new version that covers and did not come apart so easily from the base (my daughter take out the center all the time)which can become a problem if she empties the content.
simple design that:- allows child to sit rather then have to support themselves (important esp when they start potty training at an earlier age)- the entire seat area comes off so it's easy to clean and dump into toilet and rinse- comes in many colors to suit your liking- bottom has a rubber gasket surrounding the entire outside lip so that it creates good traction- durable and so no worry about breaking this when a child is breaking or when you are moving it a lot
this is a great product.
it's easy for the babes to sit on comfortably.
it's easy to clean b/c it only has one part.
and it has that nice rubber ring on the bottom to prevent slides.
this is my second potty purchase and i truly wished it had been my first.
my first was the fisher price fun to learn potty, which costs about $5 more and is shaped like a regular toilet with the pretend flush handle.
my son thought it was a toy and constantly "flushed" to hear the music instead of sitting on it.
when this potty arrived and i took it out the box, he grabbed it and said "mine" and immediately sat down on it.
he started using it the very next day and it's been a success so far.
i don't know if it's the potty or if he's just ready to be potty trained (he just turned 3) but i do know that he loves his potty.
helps keep the pee in, and won't kill his "bits" if he gets caught on it while sitting.
it is easy for a child to take the bowl out, empty it into the toilet and put the bowl back into the frame.
she's not able to sit on it without falling in.
there's no way that she could sit on this for any length of time because she's having to hold her weight so she doesn't fall in.
another mother wrote about how her daughter needed stitches after cutting her genitals on the splash guard.
i can totally see how this can happen.
his feet hit the floor perfectly too and great height for him.
i really wanted my boy to train with just the toilet insert, but it was not working.
this smaller kid friendly toilet makes potty training a more manageable task for kids.
my son even started pouring his own waste into the regular toilet.
he only used this for about three to four weeks.
once he mastered his little potty he was able to go straight to the big one (no inserts).
i ordered this potty because after weeks of research, this was the only potty i could find that's bpa free.
when it came my daughter was excited to try it.
unfotunately she pinched her finger on the pull out center.
she also voiced that her bottom hurt because it was too hard.
she's only 25 lbs and is a small girl but there isn't enough seat so it's uncomfortable.
she now refuses to sit on it.
it's going back.
i first got this for my 6month old son, after reading the "diaper free before 3" book.
in india, the grandmothers start potty training the babies well around 4-5 months when they start sitting with support.
i am writing this review since i dint see any other reviews for kids as young as 6 months.the first day, as soon as me and my son got up, we went to the bathroom and sat on our own potty chairs, surprisingly, he peed in this, on the first day only!
from then on we are repeating it every day and he seems to understand he has to pee to get out of that chair and hence does it.
in a way, its good that his foot has not touched the floor yet, as he doesnt try to stand up :-).
even if he tries to reach for something on the either side, the chair doesnt trip and it holds well.every single time, i put him on this, any time of day, he pees assuming thats what i want him to do.
i got the fisher-price precious planet froggy friend potty but he doesnt like it since it has no back or arm rest!
he wouldnt sit on it even once, and its going back to amazon today while i order my second potty chair!
we used this through two kids and while they both only used it for a short period of time it was very easy to use and clean.
not a lot of nooks or crannies so you only had to wipe it down.
this is the only potty chair we used with our little one.
we didn't use bells and whistles.
this was all she needed.
it was very ergonomical for her little frame.
this is a low price, high quality option.
we bought this potty to train our daughter off diapers.
at first she seemed like she was avoiding it.
then one day (just about 2 years old) she started asking to go to the potty by herself.
it is easy to clean.
it is stable.
i started using this potty with my daughter when she was just able to sit up on her own.
the high back was more helpful then, than it is now, but it's still nice to have the high back.
she thinks she's so cool when she sits on her big girl potty.i like the &#34;handle&#34; on the front shield because my daughter hangs onto it and leans slightly forward when using the potty for #2.i like the design of the bowl and how it fits in the potty.
no leaks.
the potty chair my mom has, if my daughter is at a certain angle somehow it leaks onto the floor.
that has never happened with this potty chair.pros:- high back to help support baby- no-slip bottom keeps potty from sliding on tile floorcons:- haven't thought of any yeti bought a second one of these to leave at day care.
motivated my very girlie 2 year old to want to start using the potty!
easy to clean, comfy to sit on.
easy to clean, easy on my son's bottom.
but, im glad i got the potty chair.
on a quick note, the green is not a bright lime green, its more of a muted lime green if that makes sense.
]were not getting too serious about potty training, just yet, but we do set our daughter on the potty after naps.
you simply remove and dump the bowl part into the adult potty, maybe put a lil water in it from the faucet to rinse it and dump the contaminated water into the toilet, too.
the back chair part aids her in sitting down so she doesnt plop down [like every child this age does] and lean back too far.the only down side i see with this potty is my daughters curious and wants to touch inside the bowl while sitting on the potty.
;)overall, i recommend the baby bjorn potty chair because it doesnt have any bells and whistles [which i find pretty pointless for a get-down-to-business type of personal business,] its fairly inexpensive compaired to others out there, and its functional and safe [no leaning back too far.]
my little girls likes using this over the other potty that we got, personally i think it works better than other, cheaper ones, i like the hard seat so she doesnt want to sit there forever, and it forces her to get in the proper "position" which she doesnt always achieve the other potty.
they are easy to clean (i have even stuck the bowl portion in the dishwasher) and easy to transport.
since we practice elimination communication we looked for a potty that would work well for a young child who just began sitting with no (or very little) support.
we started using this when our lo was 5.5months old.
so we have been using this potty seat for several months now trying to get our daughter used to going on the potty.
but every time we put her on it, after only a few minutes she starts complaining that her feet hurt.
what she means is that her feet are tingling and going to sleep.
then she doesn't want to get off because her legs are numb and she gets scared.
also, every time she gets up the insert sticks to her behind and will dump if there is anything in it.
i am going to look for a cushioned potty chair next and hopefully we have more success.
we've tried a number of potties for kids, and this is by far the best brand and design.
there's also a version without a &#34;chair&#34; back that is equally good; we have them both.pros:-- ergonomic, comfortable for toddlers and even infants if you are doing elimination communication-- all molded plastic design makes it easy to keep clean, no cushion to get soggy-- insert lifts out for easy dumping into adult toilet, fits in sink for washing clean-- sturdy base ensures your kid will not tip it over, even if wiggly-- spray guard works well for boys but still is small enough to let kids get on easilycons-- your toddler may not want to transition to big toilet because these are so comfortablei really can't think of any cons for these potties.
we have a smaller version of this one that stays in the back of our car for those unforeseen &#34;i have to go potty now&#34; incidents.
they are so sturdy, are easy to clean and maintain, and my toddler can even empty this one easily himself without making a mess.
some potties have cushions and other moving parts, making it really complicated to disassemble for emptying.
i've seen some that have a tiny circular opening, which is really awkward, especially for boys, to make sure nothing misses...great for ec - if you do elimination communication or infant pottying, these are great.
my toddler prefers this style to all the other ones he's tried.
no gimmicks, just a potty.
what you need.
excellent product.
my son is just a bit too small, but he'll grow into this potty.
it has a solid back if he leans back, and a little lip so he won't pee right at you.
.he sits and holds a few toys while &#34;making&#34;..it cleans up very well..no issues..i should get 2 more
we havent learned yet to use on it but i love the color and looks nice in the rest room and
i understand that boys need a splash guard, but there's little chance that this bright-pink potty will be purchased for a boy.
she has difficulty sitting down with her legs apart and often pulls the bucket out and turns it around to sit more comfortably.
i wish that baby bjorn made an insert for girls, but they don't.
other than that (or if your girl doesn't mind this issue), it's a great potty.
it's the right size, the right distance off the ground for a two-year-old, and the back is high enough to be supportive.
this is a basic potty with the pot that can be removed for easy cleaning so it's easy to wash and clean but my poor kid stands up from sitting on this for mere minutes and has deep red marks on her legs and bottom, it's uncomfortable!
i'm going to order one with a cushy seat!
i chose this chair based on its reviews, and i am glad that i did!
it's easy to clean and looks nice in the bathroom, instead of looking like just another piece of baby gear.
i also like that there weren't any crazy sounds or anything like that since it made the chair seem like a more realistic potty.
this was the third potty i purchased in an effort to find the right one for my daughter.
while reasonably inexpensive and cute, the design did not work well for us.
perhaps this feature was designed with boys in mind, but that plastic lip in the front made it difficult for my daughter to sit down comfortably.
instead, i would recommend the summer infant step-by-step trainer.
my lo doesn't mind sitting on this at 7 months (we're starting ec) with a toy or a book and we're good to go.
has great support.
she was a little hesitant on day 1 but now does not mind at all although i still hold on to her.
easy clean up and very durable.
i'm tempted to get one for downstairs for convenience sake.
would be nice if the white container was made with a little cushion for the small tush, but it's nice in that it's easy to clean and easy for the little ones to sit on.
my 12 month old has no problems sitting in it.
the biggest issue to me was cleaning.
this chair has no seems or corners to trap things.
my son isn't potty trained yet but we purchased it so he could get used to sitting in it.
he seems very happy and will even sit in it to read a book.
does what it should and doesn't distract from what they are supposed to be doing with alot of toys and noise.
the high back and sturdy base make this chair perfect for little ones just getting the hang of using the potty.
this potty is just great.
my baby has been using this since she was 9.5 months old.
i love the fact that it has a chair-back so she doesn't need me to physically support her when she's on it.
all i have to do is watch her nearby.
it's really well made and very sturdy.
also, the basin is big enough that it holds everything without spills and mess.
she doesn't mind sitting on it for 10 monutes in the mornings to do her thing...and she does pretty much without fail.
we haven't had to change a poop diaper for weeks now.
my two-year-old daughter loves this potty chair and prefers it over her prince lionheart potty chair.
the chair itself is very sturdy and extremely easy to clean.
i love that it is ergonomic and that there is a "high back."
there aren't many potty chairs out there that are comparable to this one -- trust me, i've looked!
i like that the bowl is big enough that there is no spraying on the floor and i can actually see when he goes as opposed to him standing up for me to look.
its easy for him to get on and off of by himself which is another big plus.
i love how easy it is to clean, much easier than the other potty chair we have which is 3 separate pieces.it may not have any fancy extras but it gets the job done!
i first potty we bought him was terrible, so i decided to try the babybjorn.
we all are so happy we did!
it's a perfect potty chair.
there are only 2 pieces and no nooks to squeeze into to clean.
it's very simple in design.
he actually sits back a bit and watchs himself pee.
i just lift out the bowl, dump and rinse.
it's good to go.at the end of the day, i just spray a little clorox anywhere on it and let it dry for the next day.
when we were doing the naked potty training (now we hav emoved to underwear!
yah!)
he was able to get to the potty and go all by himself without trying to get a lid off like the previous potty we bought.
he would sometimes just sit there for a decent period of time just waiting.
they like to sit on it and started the day it arrived.
but they fought over the right to sit on it and i was made to buy a second one.
i have them in white and blue.there is something about this potty that makes a little one understand its purpose.
i couldn't believe how comfortable they are for them sitting on it, due to the arms and back and overall design.
we'll be using these for awhile i expect.
looks cute but not functional for us.the depth of the plastic bowl is not deep.if the shit is coming out long and hard, it might push back up to the baby
with my first son, i bought the boon potty bench, i did consider this one, but at the time, i wanted the step stool option.
the potty bench worked, but with my twins i needed another potty and got this one.
i have boy/girl twins that are 2 1/2 years old.
that was something i couldn't tell with the pictures 'cause of the way it's shaped.
it's so easy to clean.
they like to dump it themselves in the big toilet and it's easy for them to do that .
funny thing was when i first got it, my four year old son wanted to try it out.
he's about 50 lbs and 47&#34; tall and even he fit on it!
it's so light and portable.
i would recommend this to anyone.
let's see...what to write about the potty.
i like it because it doesn't have a whole lot of bells and whistles and it does what it is suppose to- my daughter didn't seem interested in the toilets that sang to her or did special tricks.
overall a good product that i would recommend to anyone looking for a training seat.
our son started sitting on it for pracice at 11 mo.
his feet can be on the ground and hye likes to sit on it.
the pail comes out easily to  dump and the bottom has rubber, so it doesn't slip on the floor.
this is a great potty chair.
this is her favorite and she says it is comfy.
my son who is 40lbs and only 2 years old can't fit onto any other seat.
i love it!!!
this has a very nice design and is not annoying looking like most potties.
i have 2 of these for my twins.
it's simple to clean, you take out the wipe potty part by hooking some fingers to the front and dump the contents into the toilet.
rinse it and you're ready to go.
you can sanitize it with some clorox spray and just put it back down until the next time.
it's portable so you can have it anywhere.
there is an anti slip rubber on the bottom so no worries about pottying children ending up somewhere else than where you left them.my twins are now potty trained, but i still keep one in the back of the van for emergencies.
you never know if you'll make it to the next toilet, you know?
plus it came apart in many pieces and had lots of spots bacteria could hide.
the baby bjorn takes care of all the problems i had with the safety 1st potty!the simple construction is so sanitary and easy to clean.
there are no little places for bacteria to collect.the opening is bigger than other potty chairs and oblong instead of round, so no more pooping on the seat.
this alone would have sold me on this potty.the splash guard is great for boys.
no more peeing off the front of the potty and no flimsy detachable splash guards that flip down into the seat.it has a nice rubber grip on the bottom to keep it in the same place on the floor.another plus is that it's nice looking and blends in with the rest of the bathroom.i'm very happy with the quality and design of this potty and i have no complaints!
we have tried four other potty seats, and all have proved difficult to use:-we first tried the primo ducka toilet seat (looks like a duck), and while it was cute and engaging, he could not climb on the toilet to use it by himself, and it often directed the liquid flow right between the toilet and seat (what a mess!
).-next, we used an old-fashioned wooden potty chair (the kind with a high back and arm rests), but this had a separate plastic guard that hurt my son and also allowed liquid to leak.-the third potty chair we tried was the baby bjorn little potty, which slid too easily on our bathroom floor, was too low to the ground, and always allowed liquid to drip along the outside when tipped in the toilet during cleaning.-my son did enjoy the next potty - a "peter potty" toddler urinal.
it was great fun to stand like daddy, and it even had a water tank so that it could be "flushed" like a real potty.
after several months, however, the top water tank started dripping often, and the bottom reservoir was so hard to pull out that when it finally let loose, liquid sloshed out!frustrated, i set out to scour amazon for one final shot at a potty that would work for my son and would be easy to clean.
after reading the positive reviews, i decided upon the baby bjorn potty chair, allowed my son to be involved by selecting a color (blue)...and couldn't be happier with our choice!my son has been excited about his new blue baby bjorn potty chair since the ups driver brought it to our house, and i am impressed as well.
i would highly recommend that other parents try this chair before wasting their money on any others!
i like how it is a basic potty with no frills.
currently ds is not using it yet, but i can't wait to get out of cloth diapers!
our daughter loves using this chair.
it is stable and very easy to clean.
also wipes clean easily and doesn't retain any stains or odors.
unfortunately, it was accidentally cleaned with a substance that ruined the coating.we decided to go with a bjorn again and we are please with this one.
it is a large potty seat so this will fit a large child.
the seat is big enough so a child can sit easily without hurting themselves.overall, i am please with the purchase.
we were using a bjorn little potty (which they don't make anymore) for a long time.
but as my son grew, he kept overshooting and it was becoming a problem.
at grandma and grandpa's house they had the bjorn smart potty, which seemed to work better for him.
sometimes a little pee dribbles over the side, but its easy to rinse the whole chair in the tub.
any potty (with boys using it) is going to have occasional dribbles.and my son was pretty excited when it arrived!
i love this potty chair!my son barely used it, just for the beginning month of his potty training but it had many very nice qualities and i would recommend it highly.the color is pretty and the chair is cute.
i like my bathroom to look nice and it didnt bother me to see this in there every day.the skid rubber on the bottom really hung on to the ground well, even in those times when some bath water had gotten on the floor.
the removable piece just comes out and is a breeze to clean.the high back and sides make it safer for wiggly toddlersi loved everything about this and am glad i shelled out the extra money... not only that but when it was time to sell it i got a decent amount of money for it because its a name brand and they are so expensive
we are currently training our 2nd child.
with our first, we had 3 in diapers, giving us major motivation to get him potty trained, so we tried almost every seat out there.
those were awful.
we were "potty training" for a full year before we finally saw the babybjorn potty chair in a local botique, and ds immediately sat in it.
he chose blue, and we took it home.
it was incredable!
here's why:  1. the seat has a higher back and sides, which gives the child support while sitting down, standing up, or simply sitting there.
several of the others we tried tipped without much effort when our child was putting pressure on the sides trying to sit down or stand.
it is super easy to clean - there aren't a bunch of seams to gather gunk, it's easy to wipe down with a clorox wipe and be done.
it's also super easy to take the little bucket out, and soak in clorox or hose down.
4.
the surface is also nice that your child can decorate the back with cute stickers if wanted.
5.
our three year old son immediately loved this chair (we ordered it in his "favowit" color green).
he is fairly tall for his age but can still sit in it comfortably and it looks like shorter children could as well.
it's easy for us to clean because we have mostly hardwood or tile floors but i can wouldn't recommend this for homes with mostly carpeting.
i know our son likes to have his potty chair in various rooms in the house so it could make quite a mess.
other than that, though, it's lightweight, easy to transport if needed, easy to clean/dump in the toilet and my son loves it.
i got this for my 11 month old because she was starting to tell us when she was wet and needed a change by pointing to her changing table or upstairs.
we are not planning to put any pressure to train at this age but we thought it would be good to have it on hand and get her familiar with it.to our surprise she figured out what it was for without a lot of fanfare and will go and stand on it or near it when she wants to use it.
she doesn't use it every time, but has a handful of times and for sure is on the path to diaper freedom.pros:comfortable for the little one (she is about 20lbs)the inside comes out for cleaning and there are not any seams to gather gunk.looks like a real toilet.cons:won't work as a seat on a real toilet.the back is smooth, slippery and tapered with no handle which makes it hard to grasp.pro tip: if you are going to wear the inner liner like a top hat to make your child laugh, be aware she may try it on herself at some point.
d'oh.
too many choices available on the market, but trusted all the other reviews on amazon.
this no frills potty chair doesnt look like much, but i really think they did a wonderful job designing it.
easy to clean, and my toddler isnt uncomfortable sitting on it to go potty.
this is really useful and simple to use.
just the right size / hight for little ones to do their business on their own.
really easy to clean.
would recommend it over the ones that go over the regular size toilet seats.. because those are too high.. and the kids would need a steps..
my 2.5 year old just wants to play with this and not use it as a potty.
i tried every rookie mom mistake to get her to take it seriously and nothing seems to be working.
she only wants to potty train on the real toilet and, hey, that's not a bad thing.
i'd suggest starting with the real toilet and a seat to fit on top before buying this.
otherwise, it's a great potty chair!
that's why i gave it 4 stars.
it's cute but why don't these little potties have a latch that prevents a toddler from lifting and flinging the potty bowl around?
whoa!
we have a very active one who just wants to pick up everything and walk it around the house.
then again, i haven't seen a potty chair yet that has a way to lock down the bowl.
it was relatively inexpensive.2.
no bells and whistles to distract.3.
as a test, we got the pink girly version of the summer 3 stage potty trainer and the screaming stopped.i'd recommend taking a look at this thing at a local store before buying.
it's a pretty good product, it just didn't work for us.
i can't say enough good about this potty chair.
don't like it at all.
tough to clean (lots of spaces for urine to get) and i don't think it's very comfortable as my son refused to sit on it.
within 20 seconds of sitting on the baby bjorn he peed.
great product.
can't say enough good about it.from a parent's stand point, it's the best b/c it's soooo easy to clean.
i'm not clean freak, but this is a huge benefit with anything in the bathroom.kudos to baby bjorn for a simple product.
it was comfortable for her height and she was willing to sit on it for more than a minute.
the contents are easily to empty out and wash.
the high back supports my son so he wont feel like he is falling back
we have been loosely potty training, at my daughter's discretion (self-lead...working beautifully) for a little over 6mos, and recently she has become very independent about it all -- she literally holds up her hand to stop us from following her to the bathroom to use the potty sometimes!
we have always just had a cushioned training seat on the big potty, and had recently gotten a potty seat with an attached "step ladder", but she had trouble getting her pants down safely once she was up there, so she couldn't really go and do it by herself.
she immediately said "i want to go pee pee!"
), and she had no trouble at all getting on or getting up...the "arm rests" were a great way to help herself get back up - might want to consider that if you are considering the smaller bjorn potty chair.
it emptied easy as pie, and was ridiculously easy to clean and sanitize...but once i did that, she grabbed it and put it back in the shipping box...she just prefers the seats on the "big girl potty".
otherwise, great little chair, for sure.i would mention, the "lip" that is there to prevent issues for little boys or "forward spillage" during a pee, might prove a little tough to maneuver or might get a little boy caught on it...i'm sure they have to be high enough to actually prevent the spill/splash, but this one took my daughter a moment to get over the little hump, and being a girl she doesn't even have the "extra accessories".
i almost passed over this potty for something with more bells and whistles.
there were potties that converted into stepping stools and one that had a handle that played flushing sounds when depressed.
$27 seemed a little expensive for two pieces of molded plastic (bowl and base) that made up the entire bjorn potty get up.
the simple design is easy to clean.
some of the potties i've seen have very small bowls which i'd imagine to be difficult targets for little behinds.
my only gripe is that my little boy sometimes sprays over the splash guard and wets his clothes.
i bought this potty chair after looking at several other brands/styles because of the high back and arm support.
my little one has no problem sitting up in this chair by herself (of course i'm holding onto her for security).
she has already made many, many poops and pees in the baby bjorn potty chair!
it's also very easy to clean.
just dump out contents, rinse, and wipe with a disposable disinfecting wipe.
this is a pretty good design and we especially like the high back, which makes it possible for babies/toddlers to sit unsupported.
my daughter turns 2 yrs old soon, i will then try her on it if she is ready.
very portable (we keep it in the back of our vehicle for longer trips).
made in the usa too!!
we bought this because my youngest daughter won't train on a potty seat on the toilet, so we thought this might help her transition from diapers.
it's just plastic.
i had hoped there'd be a way to put a plastic liner in the hole part so we could just take the liner off instead of having to clean the plastic bowl, but unless we want her to sit on the liner, that's not an option.
oh well, it's a big overpriced piece of plastic.
we placed it in the bathroom and every time before he takes as bath, we take off his diaper and he immediately sits on the potty.
i picked this potty up 2 days ago and i really can't complain.
my daughter is 9 months old and seems to have no problem with it.
i do understand some of the concerns with pee coming out because it happened to us yesterday.
i didn't make a big deal about it and it didn't seem to bother her.
i happened to have it sitting on a waterproof pad, just incase, so nothing got on my carpet.
we thought that would be more comfortable, but soon realized it just irritated her bum.
it had a huge reservoir, was a pain to dump and clean, and that foam part was always getting dirty and could never be completely cleaned.a friend had a baby bjorn, and seemed happy with it, so we gave it a try.
she loves this potty.
and best of all, it's so easy to clean.
she's 3.5, and big for her age.
the same potty that can accomodate my preschooler works just as well for my little toddler, and that's a great feature.i have zero complaints about the bjorn potty.
it's absolutely worth the extra money.
this is the only potty i've found that's perfect for boys!
the pee-pee guard is integrated to the seat, so it won't fall off, and is high enough to "keep it all in" if you know what i mean!
=) i had to order 3 since it's seriously the only one he'll even sit on anymore!
we have 4 different types/brands, but he (and i) hates them all.
super-easy to dump and clean, he likes to do it himself, and the bottom of the potty is rubber-lined so it doesn't slide around when he sits down/gets up.
awesome potty and the only one i would ever reccomend!
i love the look and it's appears to clean easily, but we haven't used it much to give good feedback.
our 21 month old will go sit on it without guidance, but he wants to pul out the bowl and take it with him.
picked this one up after starting out with a fisher price potty that didn't have a splash guard (stupid me!
), which was frustrating for everyone involved (trying to tell/help a 2-year old to "point it down"... yeah, right) - as soon as our son tried this one out for the first time, his motivation level skyrocketed and he quickly became excited about peeing in the potty, instead of dreading it.
the design and height are perfect, and the seat is easy to remove and empty (so much better than the ones where you have to slide the potty part out to empty it).
she is my 6th child and i have owned a league of potties over the years.
the problem with so many potties that i find is that there are too many bells and whistles that make potty time more of playtime than getting down to business.
this potty is super simple to clean which is a big bonus over other potties.
you simply pick up the insert, dump it into the toilet and rinse out the insert.
i usually just use a clorox wipe to clean it out.
the shield is high enough that a boy will not pee all over himself, but short enough that a little girl will not jab herself while trying to sit down.
so simple, no bells and whistles, no distractions, just a potty.
we've only had this chair a few days and our little boy is starting to get curious about what it is.
so far he's sat on it about ten times and gone in it 3!
we couldn't be happier.
the front is skinny enough for him to sit with his feet positioned nicely.
what i dont like is my little one keeps saying his bum hurts and doesnt like to sit on it.
when he sits for more than a few seconds and gets up, he has a red mark where the plastic touches his bum.
he opts for the real toliet, even though it is awkward for himto sit.
easy to use and clean, simple too.
have not been disappointed!
we also own a prince lionheart pottypod and a potty seat for the big toilet when we're out and about.
he will not use this one for #2, and mostly only uses it when he knows he needs to get to the potty quickly and this is the one nearby.
he says it is not as comfortable, and he has a tendency to sort of scrunch over when sitting on it.
however, i prefer it as there is much less mess--he's never had anything not be totally contained by the potty.
i think if this was the only potty we had, he would be ok with it (though i suspect training might have taken longer, as he won't happily sit on this one for long stretches).
he's just shy of 3' tall and weighs about 28lbs.
he doesn't think he can just sit down on this one because of the splash guard (which is what prevents the mess) and waits to be helped.
with the pottypod he just sits right down and then scoots to the best position.it does live up to most of the claims -- it doesn't move around, even when he is not sitting calmly; it is easy to clean; the high back is nice (though again, my son seems to scrunch forward when on this potty, which i think has to do with the high back); the design is essentially innocuous and not out of place in an adult bathroom (ours is in the main floor powder room, the only bathroom a guests use, so this is important).
kids don't need all the flashy crap on the more expensive potties.
the big toilet doesn't cheer or play princess music when you pee.
why set them up for disappointment?
;pmy son has no butt so he kind of doesn't fit on it and gets scared but maybe eventually his butt will get bigger or he'll get over it.
the reviews have been so positive on the no-pinching thing that i was stunned by this.
even when he does not get pinched, he also ends up with seams cut into his little bum and back of legs, and as a result will not remain seated on this seat at all.
therefore i cannot comment whether the pee goes into the bowl, because we never get that far.as far as disinfecting, i thought it would be really easy--just pull the bowl out, dump it out, wipe, disinfect with clorox on occasion...but several times poop has gotten under that back edge of the bowl, necessitating a cleaning of the rest of the seat as well, which is just a pain.finally, the bowl is way too light and often sticks to my son's legs and he stands up.i cannot say, however, if there is anything better out there--we haven't found the "perfect" potty yet, but if this is the best of the portable potties, i guess we're going to have to go with the seat insert for our toilet, because this has turned out to be virtually worthless to us.
she was potty trained within a month i think due to being able to leave this in the livingroom so she could always see it.
this is the best potty chair in our (me and my toddler) opinion.
i was originally looking at buying a potty chair that had all the bells and whistles, flush noises, music, lights, the works.
then i thought, wait a minute, the regular potty doesn't have those things.
she wants one like mommies!
i got this for her after being asked repeatedly to read "the potty book for girls" she was immediately  sitting on it without any prompting.
once i finally took her pants off she went right away.
my daughter had no problem sitting with the little guard on the front.
our toddler still doesn't use it much, but the few times he has gone to sit on it, the white top with the weird hump on it trips him up and hits him in the wrong place.
horrible design flaw.
however, we put the white bin beneath the blue chair, and it is a flat surface.
it's a huge improvement over other potties - sometimes boys just don't get that they need to hold it down.- the potty part removes easily for cleanup and pouring out.- it has a back so he doesn't fall off of it when trying to sit down.
sometimes sitting is a bit iffy at his age.- it's nonslip on the bottom, so it doesn't push around when he goes to sit.cons:- a &#34;pour spout&#34; or something would be great along the back side.
i purchased this seat when my firstborn was a toddler.
there is rubber on the bottom to add stability and keep the potty from sliding across the floor.
there is a hole in the base; the cup is set into this hole, overlapping the edges.
the edges all slope towards the cup so any liquid drains into the cup.the deflector is not removable; it is all one piece with the cup.
i love this design.
if my toddler ever tried to empty it himself, he ended up making a big mess.
with this potty, it was a lot easier for him to empty it without spilling.having the cup on top also means that he is sitting on the edges of the cup.
the deflector could be a little higher in our experience, but it wasn't too bad.
i think if it was taller, it might be annoying for a girl so i can understand why it is the height that it is.an added bonus is that this potty chair is not an eyesore.
right before her little brother was born.
eventually she got the idea and started using it herself.
at 2 and a half we ditched diapers and were exclusice to the potty training.she loved this chair because, gross, she loved to pick up the seat and dump the contents in the real potty.
lucky for us there wasn't any huge mess.
we rinsed the chair out nightly with hot water and i cleaned her potty when we cleaned our bathroom, weekly.
she made sure i did as well.
she enjoyed using this potty, but when the time came to move exclusively to the big potty she wasn't sad to see this go.i'm very happy with this purchase and will purchase another one when we potty train my son.
reason being i think i accidently tossed this in a made rage to declutter.overall, cleans very easily, no weird places for poop or pee to hide, and she didn't become attached to it.
it seems like a great product, but if you have a tall child or you potty-train really early, i don't think it's that great.
my son grew out of it long before he was potty-trained.
too short in my opinion.
so far we like this chair.
a little smaller than i would have thought, and sometimes the seat sticks, but otherwise a good chair.
when i began my research for a potty chair for my son, i had no idea how many things there were to consider!
i really didn't want anything that made noise or had lights but we ultimately decided on this chair because of the one-piece splash guard since i learned that it wasn't uncommon for little boys to hurt their tender bits on other chairs.
i think the main thing it did was to give my son the confidence to use a potty - his feet stayed securely on the ground and it was stable and didn't slip around.
he had no problem getting himself on and off of it and he liked the 'responsibility' of dumping the contents into the big potty (i liked that it was easy for him to do that, and easy for me to clean the  bowl afterward).
we just got this potty after trying the safety 1st potty for a couple of months.
as soon as my son saw it he knew just what it was.
we watch the "once upon a potty" video and the old bowl style potty in it was throwing him off i think.
he then stood up backed up to it and sat down without any assistance, a great improvement from the other potty.
he can get up and down from it without maiming his privates.
his only problem with it so far is that he's apparently gotten use to having the back pressed against his rear so he pushes all the way back on this potty too.
hopefully our stalled potty training will get a jump start down.
just in one day he is much more eager and willing to sit on it and he giggles over quoting the video while he sits there.
no messy parts to clean.
rubber feet grab the floor to prevent slipping when the kid sits down.
large bowl with lip for boys is a  nice feature, no more "flippy" to fish out of the potty bowl.
can't say enough great things about this potty!
buy it already!
we have a small bathroom so i was a little worried how this would fit in there without getting in the way, but it fits great.
my toddler loves to go & sit on it & at 18 months has already did 1 & 2 in it!
love the green color, i think the picture displays the color accurately on my computer.
it's comfortable for toddlers to sit in, as well as easy for them to lift out the bowl and empty into the toilet themselves.
(i can't speak for how much protection it offers for little boys, however.)
i highly recommend it, and can't imagine using any other seat!
it's easy to clean and i like the light color.
we have this in both green and blue for our upstairs and downstairs bathrooms, respectively.
very easy to clean and i like the high back because he can really sit there and relax a little while waiting to make a potty.
she began using it the first day we brought it home.
she seems comfortable- it is very stable and easy to clean.
i wanted a pot for boys and one that could be used for a healthy (chunky) child.
my 2.5 year old is a big kid, 40 lbs, 38" tall.
he needs a bigger potty chair, which this is.
we have the smaller baby bjorn potty we were using but he can't keep his pee in it, he's just too big.
i like that the potty cup comes out to wash, but it often sticks to his bottom as he stands up from it.
we've had urine on the floor several times just because of this.
i ask him to hold the white cup down when he stands up, he just gets over excited when he goes and stands up right away to look inside.
he sat on one at a friends house that had a cover over the removable cup, which is by far a better design, but the high back on this one makes a nice spot for spending extended amounts of time on it as he reads and tries to go.
all in all, i like it and would recommend it with reservations.
i have found that baby bjorn potty products are the best on the market and doesn't break the pocket book!
it's oblong vs round so urine and poop stays in the pot.
it's easy to clean and light weight, but built tough.
we have a very large boy and has plenty of room for him.
our daughter is long and very thin.
she has no problems what so ever on this!
it's just the best!
other moms who see this ask where they can get one!
however, all kids are different in their potty training likes/dislikes, so i'm only saying it didn't work for us.
she preferred using the seats that go on top of your normal toilet seat or the type of potty chairs that had a lid to close.
she liked the idea of closing the potty lid.
my daughter is almost 3 so a bigger potty was necessary.
even girls can spray and make a mess!
lol my little girl picked out the green color herself and it's very pretty.
it's easy and convenient to lift out the white part and pour the pee in the potty.
the bottom has a good grip so it's not sliding all over the floor.
excellent product.
we've had it since my son was 6 months old, and he's been sitting on it on and off since then.
he's now 21 months and potty training, and the seat is great for him when he comes running over saying "go potty, go potty" and can easily sit and pee.why only 3 stars?
because thesummer infant lil' loo potty, whiteis essentially the same potty but much cheaper.
we've had 4 other potties and this is my favorite.
he is 28 months and can easily pee, empty it, and rinse it by himself.
i'm not sure what the people who are complaining about pee going over the place but he can do it by himself with no problems.
just teach the child to sit properly in a chair & make sure it's not hanging out of the potty (taught my son to tuck it in at 18 months so there really is no excuse).
while he's been using the regular toilet for a while too at home, he loves his green potty.
has worked well so far.
got this for my daughter (shes 2).
i like it real well.
she is a smaller child and it fits pretty good.
she can sit on it and on feel like she's going to fall in.
i would recommend this to others.
i also got the step stool.
she'll sit on it, but it's so small.
she's accidental sat on it before and it hurt her.
when she sits on it the splash guard makes her have to sit with her legs open, but as i mentioned the seat is pretty narrow so she can't really sit on it comfortably.
my daughter loved to sit on it for a chair when we first got it and it didn't take long at all for her to start using it as a potty ..she's almost 3 now and still uses it because she says it's more "comfy" than the big potty i think the biggest plus for her is the smooth back rest and the biggest plus for me is it's so so easy to clean!
this was the 3rd potty we bought and i wish we had bought it the first time.
i thought the smaller babybjorn potty was too small.
this is the potty i will be buying to put on our 2nd floor.
i bought two of these for my twins when they were 14 months old.
great for smaller tots.
some other seats were much too big or wide for them.
the raised back adds support.
i'm really surprised at the 5 star reviews for this potty chair.
if i had back all the time i have spent cleaning pee up off the floor i would be so happy.
i do like the separate potty and it's easy to clean but i still have to clean the whole chair because it simply doesn't hold in the pee stream.
ugh.
i'm retiring it as soon as i get a different potty chair.
messy.
i can see how other children may have problems bumping themselves on the splash guard, which you can't remove, but this hasn't been a problem for him.
also, we have had no problems whatsoever with pee going everywhere as other reviewers have.pros:easy to cleangrips to the floorsturdygood colorsrounded edgescons:can't remove the splash guardinside bowl can be removed easily by the child
we are taking a soft approach with potty training our 21 month old.
he likes his potty chair and can sit on it comfortably, though isn't really using it much yet.
i knock off one star only because i can tell the "splash control" on front for a boy isn't going to be perfect, but i think that is likely to be a problem with every potty chair out there...and no big deal since i plan to keep the potty in the bathroom only.
if we do decide to take it to another room i will absolutely put something under it to protect the floors.
i really like this potty chair - the high back keeps kids from falling off the back, and the raised front is great for little boys.
we had another chair but only the bjorn seemed to be high enough to prevent a mess for our boys.
this one feels a little sturdier, and the bucket is easy to empty.
the non-skid on the bottom keeps it from sliding all around the floor.
we have this potty in green.
i was lucky enough to find it on clearance at a local store by me for $12!!
if i would have known how much i would love this potty, i would have spent the money on it two years prior when we were potty training our first child.
it makes cleaning much easier.
no one enjoys cleaning out a potty, but it's so much easier when you only have two pieces to clean.
our other potty had several pieces with it and a lot of cracks and crevices.
i just wipe this potty up with a lysol or clorax wipe and i'm done!
this potty will grow with her.
this thing is the perfect height for the boys (youngest has been sitting on it since he was 18 months, and the oldest is 4.5) to sit comfortably.
it is really easy to clean and there are no crannies for icky bits to get into.
there was one incident where my older son pinched his fingers between the &#34;cup&#34; and the base, but he has since learned and we haven't had any more issues.
there is a band of rubber on the base to keep it from sliding around and it does a good job, but it seems to attract all the dust and hair in the bathroom and they stick to it pretty well, so i have to use a wet rag to rub the stuff off it every couple weeks.
overall, great product and not too pricey.
it is also easy to clean.
this potty chair is perfect for my daughter as the back is higher up to support her lower back and it doesn't have all the music and sounds to distract her interest in truly trying to go potty.
she gets a toy or a small book and wants to go sit on it and try and has had off and on success with going at this point but i like how easy it is to clean too.
fit as expected,,my baby love it .this potty chair doesn't come with all the whistles and bells like other potties.
when i was shopping for a potty, i read the reviews and then went to the store to &#34;explore&#34; for myself.
i wasn't convinced of any other potty.
why?
'cause all the others either didn't sit sturdily on the floor (and this is w/o a child sitting on it)or were difficult to clean.
this potty is simple and sturdy, gets the job done, comfy (my picky daughter never complained, she likes the teddy bear logo on it), and so easy to clean.
never had a spill too.
i have 2 of this item (1 downstairs and 1 upstairs, now thinking of using 1 at home and 1 for the car).there's plenty of space to stick stickers as a reward everytime she goes potty too
we received this item last week in the mail and i have to say that i am very satisfied with the quality.
this is a very sturdy chair with a nice no-slip rubber coating around the bottom edges, and this seems like a chair that will be super easy to clean.
my daughter is not quite ready for this but i am sure this is a great purchase.
it's well made, and doesn't slide on the floor.
it's just not working out for my little one.
it's a hard plastic seat, and my toddler doesn't care for it.
my toddler is tall for her age, and has long legs.
she's never been very comfortable on it.
i love that this is "healthy" materials - hate that it sticks to my sons bottoms when he stands and in 2 cases pee everywhere (one other case poop everywhere!
)i will keep the 3 that i purchased for him, but i did purchase one wood potty that i like much better too.just trying to keep healthy the best we can.
i guess nothing is perfect...
i like it but like the smart potty by babybjorn better.
its smaller and more easily stored away.
this is my 5th potty chair and so far the best for a boy that i have found.
the pee still splashes out occasionally, but far less than all the other brands.
it makes me so mad that they don't have boy-specific potty's.
i, like many other reviewers, was intially put off by the $22 price tag.the problem i have with many baby products today is that companies try to make something a "new concept" by adding bells and whistles or attempting to make things multi-purpose.
don't get me wrong, i love technology and my daughter has tons of electronic gadgets, but potty chairs should not double as toys.
nor do i care to have my child using her potty in the future to stand on to reach the sink.this is exactly what a potty should be... a potty and nothing else.
when i got it home my 16-month-old daughter immediately knew what it was and wanted to sit on it.
i was pretty disappointed over all.
in any case, every time she stood up from this potty chair she also brought a red mark from the circular opening on her bum.
i thought it was a little narrow for her.
i personally did not think this was a great potty chair.
i think this might be because i have a girl and not a boy, since there seems to be issue with other potty's splash guards.
in my case, my daughter did not find this seat comfortable and did not take to it at all.
it's a little lower, but wider and the seat cannot come up with her.
she loves the songs, though it's lower and it is actually wider, so even though she is tall, no problems.
again, don't have a boy so can't speak to the splash guard issue, but really this potty is nothing out of this world for me.
it's collecting dust in my hallway closet right now.
with this it's just one thing .... a potty.
so he can get down to business .
nice arch too for back support.
everything i read said to keep the potty as basic as possible.you can't get more basic than this potty and the winning factor for me is that it is so easy to clean.there aren't any cracks or crevices you need to worry about.i bought it long before i knew my child was ready to use it and placed it in the bathroom as someplace she can hang out while mommy was in the potty.
if your child was like mine, she wanted to follow you everywhere, even the bathroom.she started sitting on her potty to emulate me.after a bit, she asked to take her pants off and that's how we started potty learning.since the basin is one wrap around tub, i just life it off to clean and put it back.
no need to snap things or worry about cleaning crevices.i also like that it is the right size.
the back helped stabilize her when she was really small and now as an older toddler, it still fits her just fine.
i just received my babybjorn potty last week, and my daughter is only 15 months old, so i can't write about her being successful at potty training yet.
but she has already gone #1 in her potty the first time she ever sat on it bare-bottom, and i am thrilled.
i bought this potty early so she would see it around and get use to it before being expected to use it.
as soon as i took it out of the box she wanted to sit on it, and cried when i took her off or took her potty away.
and because she likes sitting on it so much, she has started sitting on it immediately after i remove her dirty diapers during her diaper change, before i put her new diapers on.
and about half the time she goes pee in it while she sits there.this potty is so sturdy and sanitary cause it is easy to clean.
easy to clean.the &#34;lip&#34; at the front pretty much prevents boys from making a huge mess while on the potty, but there are not any rough edges to catch skin.easy to take the &#34;bowl&#34; off to pour the contents in the toilet.
even my 2 (almost 3) year old can easily pour in toilet without too many spills.i like the back and the arm rests on the sides.
makes it comfortable for the child, especially when we initially began using the potty.
this is a great little potty chair.
i like its two piece design, and how easy it is to empty.
the only downside is that the piece the comes out does sometimes stick to his behind so when he stands up there is potential for a mess, but this will be true with any two piece plastic chairs.
i really like the no slip grips on the bottom of the chair so my son can't scoot it across the floor.
all in all,  i would probably buy this chair again.
he has already used it for #1 and #2.
mess cleans out of it easily too.
bought this for my grandson when he comes over.
it's lightweight and easy to move.
he seems to like it.
the plastic shroud in the front is great.
my only concern is that it could be bigger.
when my then 14 month old daughter started to sign "poop" and then within minutes would start going in her diaper, we knew that she was ready to start potty training.
it took me almost 2 weeks of researching different potty's, reading various reviews (good and bad) and then finally deciding on this one.
our little one took to it immediately (not to mention the 10 potty books she had to read helped quite a bit too).eventually, she would say "poop" and we'd rush her to her potty chair.
i was nervous about her accidentally sitting on the splash guard or watching for her bottom having a red ring after sitting a while or the seat sticking to her bottom whenever she tried standing up and spilling pee everywhere.
honestly, i haven't had any of those issues.
her bottom does have a pink ring on it from the impression of where she was sitting on the potty seat, but it's not like it's sore or that it's an actual bruise.
i get one too whenever i use the toilet, so can't really understand why parents complained about that.this is a really good potty seat.
it has a rubber bottom edge so it keeps the potty chair in place.
it has a tall back support and some armrests which is really nice.
the little inner potty cup is easily removed and cleaned instead of needing to pick up the whole thing.i didn't give it 5 stars because the potty chair is kind of short.
i think it's still one of the best potty's out there.
only positive things to say about this potty.
my son is 20months old, 3+ ft tall and weighs a little over 30lbs.
i would not let my son use this by himself at this point (we've only just started potty training) because odds are i will end up with tinkle all over the floor.
it has a nice high wrap around back to give support while sitting.
the bottom is truly non-slip and the whole potty is so stable i use it to help stand up when sitting on the floor next to it!
we practice ec and have used this potty chair and the toilet for pee and poop since our baby was an infant.
most every time the big people in the house  go to the toilet we put baby on her potty.
we use cloth diapers and have changed very few diapers with poop.
our baby has learned to tell us when she needs to go by pointing to her diaper or by removing her diaper.
i love this potty, we have one upstairs and one downstairs.
it seems very comfortable for my little guy.
he's only 9 months old, but we started potty training at 6.5 months.
easy to clean.
not much else to say about a poo receptacle really.
my son willingly sits and stays on it and that's about all i can ask for!
we have just started potty training my 22-month old, and haven't used this chair very much.
i bought this because i read many lukewarm reviews on the potty chairs that sing and light up and do fancy things like dispense stickers...we wanted something simple and basic, and this fits the bill.
that is the only thing to watch out for.
(he is almost 3 yr old) he does fit on this potty, but it leaves horrible red marks in his inner thighs after only sitting on it a few minutes.
it hurt his bottom so badly that he cried & said "oh mommy my legs!"
he is now afraid of it.i don't know if my son just has very sensitive skin or if it's because he is too big for the chair, but i switched to a soft seat that goes on the big toilet & we are trying that now.
i wouldn't recommend this potty for larger children.
i wanted a chair with a removable bowl, but now that i've seen my son grab it and attempt to dump it out, part of me wishes i'd have gone for a toilet adapter style.if this is the style you want though, it's durable and sleek in appearance (for a potty chair, anyway).eta: ok, now i'm glad that the bowl is removable as we're using it more, but you do have to watch for spills.
great when my son was sitting down... now that he stands... junk.
if not right on target, you're going to have a mess every time.
think pee puddle under the chair... and now imagine the smell.
totally gross, and getting rid of asap.skip.
our almost 3 yr old boy prefers the toilet with the babybjorn seat this fits onto toilet seat.
he prefers flushing and using the big boy toilet.we will take this in the car for emergencies
this potty chair is awesome!
i have had this chair for about two weeks.
i also purchased leslie patricelli's "potty" book in the same amazon order.
when the box arrived, i took it into my daughter's room (i had already cut through the tape) and we opened it together.
she was so excited.
i put the chair in our bathroom across from the toilet and the "potty" book is on a stand next to her potty chair.
she immediately sat down on it and opened her book.i didn't intend to start potty training her until after the holidays.
i have been trying to get her to say the words "potty", "poop", and "pee".
however, she is starting to comprehend the words.
she loves sitting on this chair and reading her "potty" book.
on an even better note, she has peed twice in the past two days, while sitting on her potty chair!
i was so impressed!about the chair:it's so perfectly simple!
it is just the base and the bowl that the poop and pee go into.
the bowl has a fairly high and wide splash guard, but it's not so big that it is difficult for her to sit and get situated.
so far nothing has splashed onto the floor.
the design of the bowl keeps things from sliding down the sides when you empty it into the toilet.
as the description notes, the design is ergonomical and stable.
the chair is high, wide, and well-curved.
it would be difficult to tip over.on the (barely) downside.
the seat is hard plastic and doesn't seem comfy.
however, my daughter doesn't seem to mind.
we used this for a short time and eventually it just collected dust.
there's options out there that aren't as clunky if your taking it to go.
my two year old loves this chair.
we are just practicing sitting on it right now.
it fits her well and it's easy for her to get on and off it.
this is easy to sit the baby on and easy to clean.
she doesn't get distracted or use it as a toy.
it's not really breakable.
i like it.
easy to clean, low enough for kiddo, hole was large enough for #2, backing made for a good reading position for the kiddo while we waited for the pee pee to come out.
so when i got it, i was nit even sure i can seat him on the potty and keep him seated long enough.
but the seat is so comfortable that he can sit in it and listen to a song for a minute or even two before he gets bored - that is usually enough to get him do his small business there.
he even tries to play with it getting the white insert out and putting it back in like a puzzle though we try not to let him play with the potty much.
word of caution -  when i tried to seat him for the very first time, he tried to just walk out of it and went down head-first - he was not a strong walker back then but i was ready and caught him and put him right back so he did not get scared of the experience.
we had to pick him up to standing until he was about 10.5 months old and became more confident standing and walking though.
we really like this potty chair, got this in pink color and it looks very cute.
it's stable but at the same time very light.
we are very happy with this product.
she is 10 mo old and has enjoyed sitting on it.
the second day we had it she went pee pee on it and we are now a week into having it and today she went potty 4 times on it at 10 mo old!
i would recommend this chair.
we've had several potty chairs and i'd say i like this one best.
there aren't a whole lot of cracks and crevices, which makes it easy to clean.
the chair is sturdy and doesn't tip over.
it is larger than some of the other chairs, which were a little too small as my daughter grew.
if i had to do it over again, i'd buy this chair first._________________update:  this chair eventually went to my niece and nephew.
it had been a good potty chair and i was happy to share my good find with my sister-in-law.
she agreed it is a good chair.
so far she's pee'ed (spelling?)
definitely a great product.
because we didn't know any better at the time, we first used a toilet seat reducer or just held her in the infant-in-arms ec position.
luckily, at around 4 months, we found this potty and have never looked back.the high back is perfect for infants who aren't able to sit up yet fully unsupported.
i blame myself fully, as i had looked away momentarily.
now that our daughter is older (11 months), her feet touch the ground, so she's much more secure in the seat.
we just flush the &#34;contents&#34; and rinse the insert out with water in the sink.
in one word - horrible.
the basic issue is the splash guard, which really doesn't work at all.
pee still goes everywhere.
if i had known that this potty would be no better than others i've tried, i would have saved my money.
my child actually likes sitting on this so i assume it's comfortable.
haven't personally tried it myself!
easy to dump and keep clean so it's a winner in our book.
we had a purchased a couple of other types of potty chairs for our toddler and were disappointed in the size or fit.
this one worked great - in fact we got three - one for each of the grandparents' homes as well as the toddler's home.
i never had a hard time training him to use it.
in fact, i only told him once what to do, and he was using it since then.
he seems to be very comfortable with it that he seems to actually enjoy sitting on it while making poo and playing his toy ramp & cars at the same time.
he also likes using it without doing something else so i know its not about the toy.
my son is 2 years old and weighs 32 lbs.
cleaning is also very easy, even without a liner.
this happens when my son would use the potty on his own without a liner.
i only have good words to say about this potty.
i just finished potty training my oldest child and really loved this potty chair.
when we first started potty training, it was a little too big for her- so if you have a small child, it might be hard for him/her to easily get on and off of it alone.
by the time she was 2.5, she had no issues getting on and off.
she really wasn't digging the in arms position and we weren't feeling confident holding her in it.
when we first got this it was hit and miss if she would like it.
because she is so small still and can't sit on her own and the potty is a bit big for her to lean on the chair part, we sit her very close to the front and hold her upper body up.
i realized when she has been bundled up and then we take her potty she didn't like the cold plastic on her legs.
so we bought some leg warmers and problem solved.
when she's older we plan to keep it on the floor so she can reach it by herself.
there is no foam seat for the pee to seep into.
just two simple pieces that are so easy to clean.
the lip in front looked too high at first.
i would recommend this seat to anyone who has a little one potty training.
i just might keep this seat forever....i will have visiting grandchildren someday.
:)
my husband insisted that our son would potty train with those on the adult toilet seat inserts.
potty training just wasn't working.
now he enjoys sitting on this potty.
it's the best height for him and he even likes emptying the receptical into the big toilet.
easy to clean.
now my youngest likes to just sit on this potty, even fully clothed.
he feels like a big boy copying what his brother does.
very glad we made the decision to go with this basic floor potty.
easy to clean and simple in design, however, if your son has learned to stand up to pee, then be prepared for messes and spills over the bowl and under the bowl to clean up.
of course, we are teaching him to aim in the bottom of the bowl, but in the meantime, we continue to clean up under the bowl because he aims toward the backside of the potty, which then leaks underneath the top piece and onto the floor.i still give it 4 stars because of the simple design, and i love that you just lift the top part and clean/empty it.
i would've gotten their one piece smaller potty, however, my son is 2 1/2 and a big boy, so i wasn't sure if he would fit on the seat.
she has low muscle tone, so we needed a potty chair that would be supportive and comfortable enough for her, and this one does the trick.
i also like this chair because the little potty bucket is smooth, without many little creases, nooks or crannies where, um, germs might get stuck -- so it's very easy to clean.
that's a relief for me!
this is the best potty that i could find out there.
i wanted something that was comfortable, compact, and without all the bells and whistles (lights, toys, sounds, etc.).
this potty is perfect and i recommend it to anyone!
it's your durable, pink average potty chair.
no, he didn't "use" them, just sat on them to test durability, comfort, and function.durability - solid plastic.
i'm not going to sit on it, but it handles a 32lb kid no problemcomfort - no problem sitting on this potty.
the raised lip on the front is a must for boys.
other potties we tried the lip was not high enough (or not there), which could be a disaster.
raised back is also helpful for holding and guiding your kid down.highly recommend this for potty training at home.
we have the other brand/styles that have wipe holders, etc but don't use it.
you can also get one of the more basic, smaller potties to keep in your car for trips.
we actually started with the potty inserts that go right on top of the regular toilet (built in type, portable type, and a cushioned type).
it took awhile, but now he's using this exclusively.he likes it because it is just his size, doesn't require help from us, and can be put right in front of the tv (we'll have to change this last one soon!).
there's a smaller version of this chair without the back that we take with us when we are out or on vacation too.
this is a very nice potty chair.
it is a sleek, simple design, easy to clean, no annoying sounds or other bells/whistles.
i ordered it to get my child used to sitting on the potty (not starting training yet).
i have a small (18 pound) 1 year old and this seat was just a little bit too tall.
i ended up ordering the baby bjorn smart potty, which is a very similar design without the high back/sides, and it seems to be a much better size for my needs.
it appears that the bowls are interchangeable.
i just received my son's potty chair two days ago and he absolutely loves it.
he sat it in it like a chair for an entire day the first day but when he took a pee in the potty chair, it went all over the floor instead of into the bowl.
the downfall of this chair is that, the front piece that's suppose to block the pee from spilling out, is not high enough.
it's just not made high enough to block the pee from spilling out.
i love this potty.
because it only has two pieces to it, its easy to clean.
we don't ever have any splashing incidents.
like most stand alone potties, it is very small and low to the ground so i don't anticipate being able to use it for much longer.
i got this potty after reading reviews on all the potty's on amazon.
he pooped and peed on the second day of training and just loves the idea on sitting bottomless on this potty.
he has had zero issues with it and i have no complaints.
my son was so excited when he seen his big boy potty!
i love that it's simple without all the bells and whistles (distractions!)
and looks like an actual mini toilet.
simple to clean too.
*ever have your kid on the potty in a dim room and wonder whether he actually made anything yet?
i just realized i could stick my cell phone through the hole in the back of the bb potty, and it glows through the seat so i can see what's inside!this seat is an absolute must for potty training.
right height, comfortable back to relax and let things happen etc, but let's get real - we care about the clean up, right?
i had one of those potties that had a little tray to catch the poop, but got rid of it because poop can exceed the height of that little tray, even for very little guys, if it's stacked just right.
if that happens, how are you supposed to pull the tray out without smearing it all over the potty?
this has a nice deep bowl that keeps everything dropping down.i've read reviews that said the front was too high and can hurt a baby, others say its too low and doesn't catch the pee.
i have two boys, and this was just high enough to teach them to point it down a bit, which was useful when they later used public toilets.
they have never had trouble avoiding it when sitting though, so have not hurt themselves on it.
i wanted a small potty chair that would be easy for our 18 month old to sit on.
we didn't pressure her to use it, but would casually ask.
she would run in and sit on it, read on it, and sing songs.
fast forward to when she is 22 months and she now asks to go potty and will actually use it for that purpose!
i specifically got the white with splash guard so that it was the same color as the adult toilet in all the bathrooms and also so we could see if she went.
i bought two potties before i realized that my boy had a big bottom and most other potties have really small opening and no pee guard in the front.
i broke down and bought this.
this doesn't have the bells and whistles like some other potty.
he is able to sit and do his business, carry the urine/poop container to the toilet and rinse it all by himself (he was not even 2 yet!).
it's out of print but you might find an used copy on [...].
the plastic seems super-slippery so all potty messes slide off or are easily wiped away with cleaning solution.
even the white doesn't discolor over time.
the slight rubber bottom keeps it sticking to tile, so that's convenient.
i would definitely recommend this to any and all looking for a small, simple quality training toilet.
this is a child sized toilet.
it is attractive looking.
i think it is easy to clean, just remove the inner seat, empty, and rinse.
i also like that we can leave it in our half bath and not have to move it when guests come over or when an adult wants to use the toilet.
we are big fans of this.
another great perk is that it takes up significantly less space.
makes it easier to keep it conveniently located for your toddler.
also, despite its 'lack' of bell and whistles it is easy to clean and safe.
highly recommend this potty chair!
my daughter is still only 18 months old, so perhaps i should wait a few more months before writing this review.
however, i wish i'd bought a potty seat (babybjorn toilet trainer - white/black) instead of a standalone potty for the following reasons:1.
my daughter is terrified of this seat.
i'm not sure why, but it is the only thing i've ever tried to sit her on that makes her cry and which she refuses to sit on.
she hates it, and i'm not sure why.2.
she comes into the bathroom to me and points at it and says, "potty."
she is much more interested in my potty.3.
if she'd prefer to use the adult potty, i won't have to clean up poops by hand like i would with this one.all in all, i thought this would be preferable to her than a potty seat, and i was totally wrong.
i think i'll re-sell my unused potty, and buy a potty seat which will be easier for me in the first place!
having selected this chair based on the reviews here i felt i should give my own.
we have the bjorn that fits over the potty too, but we've hardly used it.
he and we love this one way too much and its so much easier for him to use the potty on his own.
this is a really nice potty chair, i like the high back since my toddler is special needs and has trouble sitting up, this gives her a little extra support in the back.
really just your basic potty chair, no bells or whistles, but that fits our needs.
four stars.
we kept it up until he was 4 months old and then i stopped because my mother-in-law thought it was "weird" - i tried to start again when he was 6 months but he was already attached to his diapers.
i could really kick myself now that he's 2 and many many poop diapers later!
anyhow we had the smaller version of the baby bjorn potty when we were doing ec and it worked great cuz we could manuver him and pee him sitting down.
the pee gaurd is in the opinion of more than just our family, terrible for toddlers!
after he bumped it sitting down i couldn't get him near the potty for weeks.
i am not usually into frills and over the top plastic toys but i love the fisher price potty we got him instead.
i didn't put batteries in it - too much for me.
i love it.
it looks more like a grown up potty except it has a cartoon smiley face.
i thought the smiley face silly at first but since it makes my son like it more it kinda makes me happy now.
i can't get my 2 year old to use it for anything else than playing with, so we've reverted to the toilet seat ring on the toilet which she will use to go potty.
it is very easy to empty and clean.
i love it.
this chair is great.pros:1- sturdy.
he leans forward to get a wayward car or his stuffed teddy and it does not tip forward with him2- catches all of the day's product, nothing has escaped yet- the guard is tall enough.3- easy to take the pot out and dump into the toilet but because he is sitting on it, no chance for him to pull it out and dump while he is sitting.4- easy to clean (the most important?
)con:1- once he has stuck to the pot and when he stood up quickly, it stuck to him and dumped.
a minor problem in the grand scheme of things and it has not happened since.we bought one for grandma's house and would recommend highly
nice looking potty, white insert is removable for easy cleaning.
cute color, yellow lining on bottom of potty.
and is bpa free!!!
why i love this toilet....it does not have all the bells and whistles of some of the toilets out there...but really, why do you need them?
not sure how it works for boys...but for a girl it worked well.
ive learned my lesson with the cheaper potties made of thin plastic.
i returned every one of them and purchased all bjorn products.
because while i liked how it looked my son didnt want to use it.
i ended up with an elmo potty that flushes.
he doesnt seem so interested in that one either.
but the bjorn borg is very expensive for what you get.
we wanted a potty for our daughter to start using once day when she was about 7 months old.
this one has been great - it isn't so big that her butt falls through the hole, but it definitely has room to grow.
she seems to like sitting on it and using it and it is very easy to clean.
like this chair.
it's small, convenient and gets the job done.
would certainly recommend to others.
i was very satisfied with the quality of this potty chair.
however, my daughter used it as a piano bench for her toy piano and nothing else.
then one day i took her to a family restroom that had a little potty in it and she ran for it to go sit down.
i immediately bought her a potty chair that looked more like a real toilet and found that she actually was interested in potty training, she just didn't realize this chair was supposed to be a potty.
she can sit in it for a while, even if sometimes she doesn't do anything in it :-) i just wish it had a lid, it would make it a little easier to keep her from throwing toys into it.
i use cloth diapers and was anxious to at least get the bm's into the toilet instead of having to wash them.
i bought this for my son when he was 8mths old and we have been using it for bm's.
i am fortunate to be able to stay home with my son so i am in close contact with him and can tell when he is trying to go #2.
as soon as i see his bm face (starts pushing, and eyelids get red) i quickly take off his diaper and sit him on this potty.
with him being so small you do need to sit directly in front him and entertain with a song or a toy as he does his business but it is worth it.
i don't always catch the bm's but have to clean a lot fewer ones by using the toilet.this seat is comfortable and i like the back part because he can sit back without falling over.
if he is not positioned quite right he might pee outside but for the most part if you are watching closely it contains everything just fine.
she actually thinks using it is fun.
my wife and i have bought a few other potties that just didn't work that well.
this was our second potty for my daughter as the first one was too difficult for her to sit on.
we got it before 18 months and she is very small for her age, the other potty we had was &#34;the shortest on the market&#34; but bc of the design she had trouble.
the only downfall ivories would be she can grab the basin and easily pull it out but she is pretty good about letting me do it.
like the gray color too.
we are just now introducing the potty to my toddler; therefore, have yet to use it in its full capacity.
he appears to fit great on it and it looks as it it will be easy to clean.
your little one will sit and be situated as i the same body position as an adult on a real toilet.
the back and arms are high enough to make your little one feel secure and allow him/her to rest against them.
the seat does not slide on tile flooring.
when your baby is done, just lift the white bowl and clean.
fits almost anywhere and is very light.
i was looking for a potty to use for baby potty training, he's 6 months old and in the 25th precentile.
the back is great, he can sit on quite comfortably, so long as i entertain him!he has used successfully, and it's really easy to empty.
i just add some water if needed and flush it, the seat just lifts out.there is an imprint on his bum after he gets up, but he doesn't seem to mind.here's a tip: since he still pretty short and his feel don't reach the floor, i use something to put his feet on for leverage, and it really helps.
i purchased these in the hopes they would work for our newborn.
unfortunately, i haven't even given birth yet and i already know they're not going to hold up to the demands of a newborn wetting even once in them.the pros: inexpensive.the cons: these diapers are horribly rough, even after a washing.
the fabric is fraying and even triple folded, these things do not hold liquid.
since i'd already washed them i figured i could at least use them for dish towels, but they merely move the water around on whatever surface you're trying to dry, they don't absorb.save your money and skip these...and buy a higher quality cloth diaper.
i find these cloth diapers very useful.
i use them as burp cloths and to have handy in case of spills or other baby related messes.
they are soft, so they don't scratch my babies face when i clean his mouth.
they are inexpensive and very useful.
i'm not sure how other people can give these a good review, or maybe i don't know what they're supposed to be used for?
certainly not diapers!
my mother recommended that i get some flatfold cloth diapers just for cleaning up messes, using for burp pads, etc.
the ones she meant were the cushioned ones, however.
these are the consistency of cheesecloth - i mean like, see-through!
i'm returning immediately.
whether you are using these diapers for diapering or for burp cloths, i suggest you look at the version with the padded absorbent center.
this version is too thin to serve as either a burp cloth or for diapering.
however, the same brand, with the absorbent center pad, is much better.
these for cloth diapering?
way too thin for that.
these for burp cloths?
while i still periodically reach for the pretty and colorful burp cloths that are specifically made for that use, they are not nearly as absorbent as these gerber cloth diapers.
my child is not even all that prone to throwing up and the other burp cloths are still not enough...
i cannot imagine how often you would have to reach for a 2nd, 3rd and 4th burp cloth if you had a baby who spit up all the time.
lol
a friend recommended i register for these although she knew i was planning to use disposable diapers.
i accidentally registered for the diapers with the absorbent centerfold, and fortunately,  received these.
i used them to line his cradle and changing-table when he was first born and going through many diapers a day.
the can never be used as diapers!
they are cheese cloth.
in fact they may have more holes than cheese cloth does.
there is no way that these diapers will hold anything that they are going to need to hold.
don't waste your money.
absorbent, soft, inexpensive, held up well after many many washes, no stains, ect.
my only complaint is that they shrink quite a bit.my daughter has always hated wearing disposable diapers.
when she was a newborn, she'd holler whenever we tried to put one on her.
as she got older, she'd arch her back, scream, and try to get away as we were putting the diaper on her.
so when she was a newborn, i used these flat folds wrapped oragami style (no plastic cover, although you could use one) to give her a break from her disposable diaper.
we've actually made the switch to cloth diapering full time.
now i use these as a cloth insert for the gdiaper (fold in fourths, then half) and thirsties (fold in thirds, then half).
you could also easily use these to stuff pocket diapers.
got them in 2009 for my son - never used as a diaper...  these came in handy in a bath, and when baby was falling asleep he would use it to cover himself .
now with my daugher i am using another pack of these - would recommend
i disagree with whoever said that these are too thin for burp cloths.
they do look gauzy, but fold them over once, and they're thick enough to absorb most of my baby's spit-ups entirely, and (apologies if this gets graphic) even a single layer is effective at catching all the chunky bits in spit-up which can cause your clothes to smell.
i fear that the prefolds would be too bulky for me and not nearly broad enough.
i like the simple, large form of these diapers.i use these predominantly as burp clothes.
i have three packs, and i really needed them all when my baby was a newborn.
tuck one in the car-seat, another in your pocket, and lay one under your baby's head when she goes down for a nap.
they don't take up much room in the laundry, so you might as well use them liberally and keep the rest of your life clean and dry!
i just received these as a gift and will be returning them.
i had intended to use them as burp cloths, but they are way too thin and not absorbent at all!
you can see right through them.
not at all what i was expecting.
these are just too thin to be used as diapers.
they are also a strange shape which makes them difficult to fold to be used as diapers.
they are just sitting in a drawer.
i think i will try to use them as burp cloths as they are useless to me right now.
i'm a first time mother, and no one told me about using cloth diapers for just about everything (apparently all mothers know this).
my friend bought me a pack for my shower, and i now use them for burp cloths, lap pads, covering my son when changing him (another mother's secret--to prevent being urinated on), etc.
apparently they make great dust rags when baby grows up!!
we don't actually use these for diapers.
i now use these exclusively.
one thing i love about them is that they wash very well - i don't spray them with any stain remover and they come out clean every time simply using dreft detergent.we also use them to "catch" my little boys' geyser, as my husband refers to it, during diaper changes.
i just want to start of saying that i had purchased these with the intent of cloth diapering my baby.
they were amazingly awesome back in the day, so i'm wondering what on earth happened.these are very thin .
.
.
i mean see through thin.
any baby "mishap" would immediately seep through.
not only that, they feel very rough - not something you'd want to rub on a newborn baby's skin to clean spit-up or drool.i feel bad for giving such a poor review because i'm normally a huge fan of gerber products.
i just think that these are pointless and a waste of money.
you can find better flatfolds for nearly the same price as these.
as far as burp cloths, the gerber prefold diapers work awesome for those.
i do not use these as diapers, but i couldn't live w/o them.
my daughter has really bad acid reflux, and not many burp cloths can stand up to a good spit up.
i go through about 5 a day.
they are very absorbant!
it may be telling that i've never had old gerber flats.
maybe if i had 20 or 30 year old diapers to compare these to, i'd give them a much lower rating.
but i don't.these are absolutely the cheapest way to cloth diaper a baby if you want to buy new diapers.
they're an ultra-basic birdseye cotton.
many modern cotton flats are birdseye.
they do indeed appear thin.
but after a few washes, they are super-soft.
they're a very close second to the flannel receiving blankets i also use as diapers.for comparison, i bought some osocozy flats, also sold here on amazon, back in january.
after i prepped the osocozy diapers, i did a head-to-head comparison.
i put my daughter in an origami-folded gerber flat, pinned, and kept her coverless until she peed.
then i did the same with the osocozy flats--same fold, same pinning, etc and kept her coverless until she peed.
end result?
these are just as good as the more expensive diapers.so, why am i not giving them five stars?
one reason only: size.
flat diapers are supposed to last your baby from the newborn stage through toilet training.
these really won't.
for all that the product description says they're 27x27, they're not, at least not after being washed.
even if most of your stash is all-in-one diapers, you would do well to buy a couple dozen of these for the first couple of months, especially if you tend to have smallish babies (one-size diapers don't usually fit below 8lbs).
they work perfectly for small babies--yes, they even contain breastfed poop!--and once your babe has outgrown their intended use, they are fantastic for stuffing pockets, lining gdiapers (this is my usual use for them these days), and using as doublers for fitted diapers or overnight diapers.
these looked huge when i took them out of the package!
don't worry they will shrink down a little after the first wash.
these are absorbent and great for burp cloths because you don't have to worry about staining them.
after the first wash, they might not be as soft was you would wish but after a few washes this is not an issue.
in short, i love them.
she used them with her kids and they are now a necessity in my house.
yep, flat diapers are indispensible for baby.
but skip the gerbers!i'd decided to cloth diaper, and got some fantastic (big, thick, soft) birdseye flats for $12 per dozen, online (google flat diapers).at the shower i was given some of these, and i thought "cool, some cheapies for the non-diapering situations.
"i was shocked to find they're not that cheap, and even more shocked at the (lack of) quality.
after 5 weeks, these are still sitting untouched on the shelf, even though my tendency to grab my "diapering diapers" for everything has me running short on diapers a lot!
i love pumping and storing milk in them.
however, the nipples and all of the other pieces are not needed if you're using other bottles (which i think most people would be).
i use this to store breastmilk so my husband can feed the baby.
i also use the bottles to freeze breastmilk.
i end up using the avent for feeding and transfer the milk from the medela.
buy this if you are planning on storing a lot of milk.
otherwise you are better off with avent or gerber new traditions.
i did not buy this, but i have the medela pump in style.
thanks to those who mentioned that the evenflo nipples would fit the bottles, but it's the evenflo classic nipples that fit, not the evenflo elite nipples.
now i just need to find caps that would fit without having to buy this whole set.
these are the only bottles i use and they work well.
i have a medela pump also.
my daughter is breastfed and feeds from these well, except for with the slow flow nipples - i recommend a fast flow nipple unless you want to take over a half hour to feed your baby while he/she struggles to get the milk out.
i should mention that she is not picky (becasue some babies are)about what type/brand of nipple she uses as long as the flow is not too slow.
i use these to pump & store my milk with the medela harmony pump.
but the nipples are worthless---not shaped like me in the least (and probably like no one!)
--my husband tried them once while i was away (when we first bought them) and she hated them.
this is really handy with the mini electric pump that i have.
i can pump straight into the bottles.
i just picked up geber nuk slow flow nipples and it's perfect for my baby.
i have not had a problem with using these bottles on my older model of the medela pump.
very helpful to have extras!
didn't hurt when i saw them come with the nipples for those emergency feedings in the car!
i was very disappointed in this product.
after breastfeeding for about four or more weeks, i tried to get her to take a bottle and she refused the medela nipple.
we also tried the avent nipple and she didn't like those, either.
we finally ended up with the playtex premium.
now she's a pro!
(anyone need my medela set????)
wouldn't live without the extra set.
dr. brown's bottles (the narrow ones) screw right into the pump in style.
so you can pump and use, just as you would with these bottles.
i use dr. brown's - since those are pricey, when i use up all of those, i just use the evenflo to store extra milk and pour it into the dr. brown's bottles.
my baby hates them for feeding, however.
i now just use these for storage and then pour the warmed milk into playtex nurser bottles.
um, no.
take one look at them and it's pretty clear.
my baby wouldn't even take it in her mouth.
she instantly responded to the playtex nipples, however.
much, much better!
i needed to pump when i went back to work and i bought a couple of these on top of those that were provided with the medela pump in style.
they are very resistant, easy to clean, and the rings and caps are very useful.i only put 4 stars because the nipples are useless if your baby is already using another brand, and i would have prefered another bottle and accessories instead.
i ordered this product thinking it would be great if i could pump directly into the bottles we'd be feeding our baby with, eliminates a step right?
well, having the extra bottles for pumping has been great and the work well in the freezer but they don't work well for feeding.
i hate pumping and really hate seeing my milk being wastes so we have stopped using the bottles to feed and only for storage.
i like the evenflow glass bottles better, she wastes very little milk with those
these bottles are great but are very pricey.
i have a 2 month old and i was producing more more milk than he was drinking allowing me to store some in the freezer.
i was hesitant to use the bags because i was afraid they would leak so i found myself wanting to buy more bottles, but for $18.99 for 6, i needed to find another alternative.
i did some research and found bottles made my mother's milkmate (mothersmilkmate.com or on ebay) these bottles are compatible with the madela breast pump and nipple rings.
the refrigerator storage system is great too, you have to check out the website to understand what i mean.
we used these bottle because they are compatible with the medela pump.
my wife was very happy when they came.
i would check to make sure these don't have bisphenol a (bpa), we didn't know about back when we got them.
if all you want is something to pump into and/or store breastmilk in, this won't let you down - but you can get many more bottles for your money going with the 4oz evenflo or gerber bottles, both of which come in bpa free versions.
(the colored plastic evenflo are bpa free, not the clear plastic ones)  both brands will screw onto medela pump hardware and are light enough to do hands-free pumping.
i got the medela bottles because i intended on breast feeding my child.
unfortunatly i was unable to do that.
i found that when i sterilize gerber nipples they become "gummy" and "sticky", but the medela brand holds up very well in our sterilizer.i think the medela bottles stand the test of time, which ends up saving you money in the long run and my baby loves them!
i love medela bottles, i love that they are bpa free.
i love this product, i like the way it looks, the only thing i hate are the bottle nipples.
they look horrible and my two month old daughter does not like them at all.
i use the pump-in-style advanced breastpump, and i really like that these bottles screw right into the pump assembly.
i like having many bottles on hand so that i don't need to wash them every day.
i don't freeze my milk in these (i use gerber bags), but they're great for temporary storage until pouring into the feeding bottles.
i use avent bottles as my baby seems to like the shape and flow of the newborn nipples (these nipples seem too fast-flowing).
don't bother with these.
they are expensive for only 4 bottles and totally unnecessary.
it is much easier to buy storage bags.
if you are pumping full time, you will be storing alot more than 4 bottles at a time.
i also found that i did not like these bottles for feeding because they do nothing to prevent air from entering baby's belly and the result is gas or worse, colic.they also flow too fast for newborns.
or even to change baby on the floor, or on the go.
they are soft, absorbent, and portable.
i use this for my portable changing pad and under the sheet in my daughters cradle.
first, these really do protect bedding against leaks and spills.
get the bed sized ones as an under layer (which adds cushioning from the plasticky mattresses that are made today), layer on the pretty sheets, then use a smaller pad under the diaper area.
this protects the sheets but the very bottom pad protects your mattress in case a true accident occurs.
i'd go to target for the softer, thinner, prettier, and just as effective smaller size.
it's the difference between wearing a hospital pad versus a brand name pad.
i got these to put on my bed for my son's morning massage-cuz by now it's no secret what little boys do once those nappies come off!
the first time i used it i seriously used the expression "let's see how good these really are"...only to be terribly disappointed: upon turning him over (yes he did let out a dose)i found i had really let my child lay in a puddle!!
this o so absorbent pad really did nothing but allow for a greater area of redistribution.
i even ventured to put my hand into it to see how much was absorbed n literally had stuff dripping from my fingers!
!this was a waste of my money.
i am back to using a regular sheet folded over.
after reviewing many reviewers i decide to buy one and try it.
it is so soft and absorbent!
mine has not pilled and has gone through many washings.
they go anywhere and we left one at grandmas and one in the car for changing on the seat when not convenient to change elsewhere.
will use for next bundle of joy!
this pad is great to place under your sheets in parent's bed where mom sleeps and nurses.
on the package it's advertized as a burp cloth.
i've used it over a pillow on my lap, but it's too stiff to use over your shoulder.
it's good at trapping moisture and keeping the surface beneath from getting wet or damp.
it stayed strong after several washes.
i used to lay my daughter on it to protect her mattress or sheets, but i find that it doesn"t breathe well enough and when she had baby acne it made the break-outs much worse.
i bought it for the playpen, which it says it fits.
it doesn't.
i bought it because i can use it on his crib or it says a twin bed, which is would be too small for.
it does it's job at keeping the bed clean from wetness which is all i need.
i have about 4 of them and they are essential.
i do the same on his crib to save me the headache of changing crib sheets which are very tedious to get off and on.
it's nearly impossible to do when you've had a c-section, and not a good idea to strain yourself.
this pad can be used for anything!
i use one under my sheets in the area my son likes to spit up on, under him during &quot;let's give that touschi some air&quot; time, and as a take along for diaper changes...no one's going to tell you but they secretly don't want you to change your baby on their bed or sofa!
this product seems great.
you can use it for every purpose which involves your baby.
i tumble dry low, that way they keep their shape longer.
take them everywhere and dont have to worry about laying your little one on hard cold surfaces when diaper changing.
this pad fits my arm's reach co-sleeper great.
i bought this to put between the mattress and sheet.
the pad gives it more cushion and will absorb any leaks if they happen.
it's not waterproof.
lets pee through on the matress or whatever it's laying upon.
i don't like it that much
i use this and the smaller ones all the time.
everyone should have a few of these.
i use both of them at the same time--one for his head, the other for his butt.
these pads save me a lot of time beacuse i don't have to worry about doing the sheets all the time.
they're getting a little fuzzy now that they've been through the wash a few times, but for $7, i think these pads are a great buy!!
i used this to protect the pack n play and crib mattresses, which proved very effective.
regular burp cloths are softer on baby's face and less bulky.
the only reason i can think to use the quarter sized sheets is for the annual visit with santa.
santa might appreciate that!
i have several of these - one under the sheet on the crib and one under the sheet to my pack and play.
for the price, you can afford to buy several so that you don't have to do laundry as often.
the only thing i didn't like about these pads is they seem to shrink a bit when put into the dryer.
my advice is to line dry them to avoid this problem.
what i like about these pads are the way the don't slip around at all when you lay them down on carpet or flannel sheets.
and awhile back when she had a particularly upset stomach and lots of diaper blow-outs we kept her on top of these pads all day, whether she was sleeping in her crib or anywhere.
they come clean easily and i don't mind that the cotton pills up.
that helps to keep it from shifting on carpeted floors.
i have three that i keep around--one for the diaper bag, one for the bedroom, and one for the laundry--and i don't know what i would do without them.
i just throw one of these on the bed when i'm changing him at night so i don't have to walk across the house to his room to use the changing table.
it is water resistant (and everything baby can "spill" on it resistant) and it is large enough so that if my little guy starts to go to the bathroom while i am changing his diaper, it gets on this pad instead of the bed.
the one in the diaper bag is also very useful--much more practical than the plastic covered changing pads that come with diaper bags.
because this is much larger, and absorbant, i just throw it out on the seat of the car, or on the public restroom changing table, or on the floor, or wherever i need to change him, and it covers a nice large area--i don't have to worry about him touching any dirty surfaces.
i will buy these for all of my frieds having babies--i recommed getting at least 3 or 4 of them to keep around!
these pads have definitely come in handy.
when my daughter first came home i used them under her, on my counter near the sink to sponge bathe her.
i have one on my changing table that came with my pack n play.
i also use on on the floor under her activity gym (sparkling symphony gym)since it doesn't include a mat.
they are used frequently and really do hold up to alot of abuse.
i would recommend buying a pack even if you don't think you'll need them because i guarantee they will be put to good use.
they wash well and i haven't noticed shrinkage.
for the price i suppose you can't expect much, but the carter's lap pads wash much better.
if you are going to get some, use them under things and buy the white ones.
the colors seem to show the pilling more.
i use them under the bassinett sheet now.
it has proven to be very durable.
worth every penny!
i put it under the sheet and i have no worries about trying to clean the matress board since the material cannot come off.
it is very soft, provides an extra layer of padding since playards are so hard, and it can be washed and dried in the machines no problem.
even when we go on vacation we pack it up with the playard.
i began using them for my daughter in both her portable crib and regular crib as an infant.
we've been using them for 17 years.
the valves are easy to remove and to clean, unlike other brands that grow mold inside a valve you can't really clean out.
they don't leak unless banged upside down onto a table or floor, and the valves are easily replaced once they start to wear out.unfortunately, it's getting hard to find this particular style of the playtex cups.
since they last a very long time, we've replaced valves and are using some very old ones.
we've even replaced lids once upon a time.i ordered one set of these recently, hoping they'd be boy-colored for my new one year old.
unfortunately, we received pink and purple flowered ones.
my 3 year old was thrilled and the 1 year old doesn't really care at the moment.
i'm not sure if there's a way to request a boy-theme or not, but we'll probably order again sometime soon and take our chances.
we have tried so many sippy cups over the years and these are the best.
for my second child we used nuk silicone spout cups for awhile but he kept chewing the spouts.
they were getting expensive to replace.
i tried other hard spout cups but he didn't like them.
i remembered my daughter liking these and looked around but couldn't find them.
looked on amazon and so glad that i found them.
they are easy to clean, don't leak and he happily drinks out of them.
i have ordered several packs of them.
all have been the blue and green as pictured except my last order i got purple and orange prints.
i've tried many brands and these are the sturdiest and leak the least amount then anything we've tried.
we have 3 children using sippies and so they get a lot of wear and tear on them.
this was a great price and i couldn't get it this cheap in the store.
i like the insulated ones better but for the price these were worth it.
these have been around for a long time, and it's because they're the best.
these cups don't spill, but the liquid comes out too fast for my daughter.
she's 8 months and still on stage 1 nipples because she chokes easily, so that's not the cups fault.
she was drinking water from these yesterday and had it running all down her chin then choked a little.
i'm hoping to use these once she's a little older since they really don't leak at all.
she kept holding it upside down and tossing it and nothing came out!
he is getting better now after a few months of having them.
he throws this on our hard floors and nothing comes out!
it's a great cup that way, totally spillproof!
playtex does make insulated ones which in my opinion are a lot better for two reasons.the first reason is that my childs hands do not get cold while sipping from cup and second the drink stays a lot colder a lot longer.
the valves are easy to put in and take out, my child only has water and milk still so i am not sure how well they will work for juice.
we've been using these cups since my son was around 8 months.
he had another sippy with a silicon tip and handles at first, but we wanted to introduce a cup that he could use for many years to come.
this is it!
cups with silicone tips will leak if they get bent.
i can throw this cup in the diaper bag and not worry that it's going to leak.
it hasn't leaked once.
it's super easy to clean with it's three parts.
last year when i was pregnant, i asked other moms which cups and bottles to use.
a few told me playtex, but most told me avent bottles and sippy cups were the only way to go.
well, i decided to go avent, and here i am writing a review for a playtex sippy cup.
avent sippy cups are hard to hold, difficult to drink from when the cup is not filled to capacity, a pain to clean, and worst of all they leak.
the spout leaks (nothing magic about those cups) and the collars can leak too.
i finally decided after 5 months of using avent magic cups with little success, to give the &quot;hard to use&quot; (as one mom had classified) playtex cup a try.
my daughter could easily drink from this cup on the first try.
i'm sorry i didn't at least register for a pack of these when i was pregnant.
i should mention that i
does not leak,relatively easy to clean,nothing to chew trough (it is amazing that a replacement part for a soft spout may cost as much as a new sippy)and yes, the bottle is finally gone!
the only time i've had one of these sippy cups leak is from operator error.
i've gotten rid of most of the sippy cups in my house but did keep these around for when my 2.5 yr old wants a drink of water in her bed at night or if my neices or nephews need one when they come over.
i loved these so much, i couldn't bring myself to get rid of them!
the last set that i bought was the wrong colors but i used them anyhow...they wash good and last long.
my wife purchased these from another store for more than twice the price so i decided to bring down the cost average after we found out that they do not leak.
there is a small rubber piece that fits in the spout to control the speed that the liquid comes out.
after your child gets old enough you can eliminate the rubber piece.
after you stop using, the rubber flow control piece you can use them until your child grows out of sippy cups or you lose them.
we have been through soooooooo many sippy cups.
my kids only like these.
they don't leak and they stand up to a million dishwasher cycles.
i should probably take apart the top pieces every once and awhile ... but i don't.
it said colors may vary but i got the same as shown.
nothing exciting and does the same function, made well, but looks dull, very dull....
wish you can pick out your own but these will do for now.
i have found that children with teeth chew on the soft tip and it is no longer leek proof which makes night time a big pain, anyways these are awsome and i defiantly recommend them.
i got the purple and pink one since they very but i didnt mind its not like having a pink sippy cup makes my son gay or anything so people are so silly
while i agree these cups don't leak, they are difficult to get clean.
the underside of the lid has crevasses around the mouth bit that are deep and narrow and almost impossible to get really clean.
i have been using ours for awhile and regularly sterilizing in boiling water, but the residue build up in the lid has gotten to the point where i have to toss them and buy new sippy cups.
too bad, as they are great in the no-leak department.
i will be buying a kleen kanteen sippy--no leaks, stainless steel and easy to clean.
my son needed more replacement valves as his seemed to all dissapear down the garbage disposer.
well i ordered these and got pink cups instead of the blue/green shown.
oops.
i really didn't think colors vary would vary between sex's - i assumed wrongly they'll all be unisex.
well he won't use them of course, but that's fine my 3 year old daughter just added them to her collection and i will pick up more cups for him somewhere else.
i like these cups a lot.
they are easy to use and easy to wash. my toddler loves them.
i haven't had any issues with the cups leaking and i have been using them for 6 months.
they seem sturdy even after i have been washing them in the dishwasher since day one.
great value too!
yes they leak, i mean pour milk from under the sealing ring.
don't waste your money.
if you are crazy enough to buy them save your receipt!
these are very convenient if your child is already using the avent bottles.
if you use a medela pump, you can get an adapter and pump straight into these containers, eliminating a step in the breastmilk collection chain.i also find that the small sizes are convenient, especially if you normally pump four ounces or less out of one or both breasts.i didn't give this product five stars, though, because, really, these are just four more avent bottles with a sealing disc.
if you have a bunch of bottles anyway, you can just buy a pack of sealing discs for about $4 and use those instead.
you can use these with the medela pump in style breast pump, but you need to buy an adaptor from avent.
these are fantastic for freezing/storing/reheating breast milk.
i use a medela pump and transfer my milk into these containers because they have proven to be so wonderful (and they are acrylic, so reheating is much easier).
my only complaint is that they are slightly too small.
i usually pump more than 4 but less than 8 oz.
and so i am forced to either use two containers or sacrifice my milk (which is too precious!).
however, i can deal with the smaller size because overall it is such a great product!
they make it so easy to collect the milk, cap it, and store it.
when i need the milk, i just take them out of the freezer, heat it in the bottle heater, put on a nipple and go.
these storage bottles are great because you can use them to store breast milk or formula.
i like making a few bottles at night then later at night as i need them i warm a bottle take storage top off and add a nipple and i am ready to feed my daughter.
i love all the avent products because of how easy everything is to use.
i love this containers.
first of all, i am a big fan of the isis breast pump, so these containers are perfect for me.
then my husband is ready to feed the baby.
it's one of their times together, and i get to spend time with my older children.
i use the medela pump - but their thin bottles and simple caps don't seem like they have the ability to keep the milk fresh.
i love the heavy advent bottles and the caps have a rubber ring in them to really seal the bottle.
i use these storage containers for mixing breast milk and rice cereal to feed my daughter while we are out.
i don't have any problem with leaking and i can feed my daughter straight out of the jar.i gave these 4 stars because i didn't get any use out of these for storing breastmilk in the freezer (which is why i registered for them in the first place).
it takes forever to defrost the breastmilk in these bottles.
i just ended up using the lansinoh and gerber milk storage bags because they defrosted quickly and took up much less room in the freezer.
these work well with the avent on the go breast pump system.
i haven't had any problems with freezing them and they haven't cracked.
love the fact that they are small containers (4oz) so they freeze well and when it's time for the milk to be defrosted it doesn't take long.
i plan to make my own babyfood and i am going to use these containers.
after he stopped with these bottles, i used them since they had flat closed tops, to shake up his formula.
i love avent products and these are wonderful.they attach to the bottom of the avent via isis pump directly which was nice.
the first one we bought had a very slow leak; after 9 months it turned into a fast leak, so we bought another one, thinking we wouldn't be unlucky enough to get another defective one twice in a row.wrong!
at first it was so slow, it just meant we'd have to reinflate it once in a while; then you have to reinflate it more and more often until finally it won't last through one bathing without going limp.
after the second flop, i decided to just send the leaky tub back to kel-gar and ask for a free replacement.
they never responded to my friendly letter.
when i finally called (took me a while to get around to it; i kept thinking that surely a replacement would be arriving any week now!
), they were totally unhelpful.the woman who answered at "customer service" kept interrupting me to tell me that they do not accept returns, and any problems have to be taken up with the retailer.
way to stand behind your products, dudes!then when i called the retalier (right start) just now, they said that it's not their responsibility to handle a replacement, it's the manufacturer's-- but at least this customer service person was polite and said she's ask her boss and look into it more, just to see if there is anything they can do.i'm really surprised that kel-gar cares so little about their image with the public and about providing pleasant and helpful service to their customers, especially repeat customers such as myself.
i mean, come on, how hard is it to throw a piece of plastic that weights about 8 ounces in the mail to keep a customer happy?
?however, since that is their attitude, you're better off buying an inflatable tub from a real-life (non-virtual) retailer with a decent 90-day return policy, such as babies-r-us or target, so that if a leak develops you can physically take it back and get a replacement.
that's what we'll be doing from here on out.so long, kel-gar.
the tub was "just ducky" but your service was doa!update: no go on the replacment.
big surprise.although not quite as cushy as this tub, i would highly recommend getting your baby or toddler the primo eurobath instead.
we got it after having to give up on inflatables, and it is roomy, comfortable, and durable, unlike kel-gar's products.
4.5 stars with 750 reviews on amazon- you can't beat that!primo eurobath pearl white
this is great!
it's so much nicer than the hard plastic tubs.
my 6 month old doesn't slide around in this and it's easy for me to rest my arm on the tub while washing her.
(couldn't do that with the plastic tub.)
easy to fill up and easy to clean up.
it even has a suction cup so it doesn't slide around in the tub.
(i also use that for hanging up so it dries out after every bath.)
this tub just makes bathtime much easier!
we used the infant bath tub initially but by the time my daughter turned 2 months we started using this inflatable tub.
i put it in the tub and though my daughter doesn't sit up yet, she has plenty of room to move her legs and arms while i hold her.
yes, it is more strenuous for my back but it's good fun and exercise for my baby.
also, we don't have much room in my bathroom so we put up two extension rods (like those you use to hang a shower curtain) above the tub and store it on them.
this keeps it out of the way though the tub does have a suction cup which works.i can't wait till my baby sits up - i envision putting the snug tub out on the porch for her to play in.
i also sometimes put a blanket in it and let my daughter 'sit' in it and play with her toys.
i had previously purchased another tub because it was a few dollars cheaper but soon regretted it once received.
the tub had two pouches to but the soap and shampoo.
but the one thing i needed was a drain.
the dirty water built up and the only way to get it out is to tilt it up so it can pour out.
such a hassle while washing a 9month old.
i can fill the tub up for him to play and splash and allow it to drain out when its time to wash. great, so my son don't soak in dirty water which he does pee in.
a good size, no frills, and a suction cup that worked well for mounting it to the shower wall when we were finished using it.
it worked great, until we started noticing slow leaks.
we'd super glue one, only to find another a few weeks later.
*update - all the other tubs have the same negative reviews about splitting seams over time.
since this tub worked so well for us until it split and we love the suction cup, we just bought another one.
my almost 1 year old grew out of the hard plastic-type infant/baby tub so looked for one that was softer and bigger.
i was worried about this purchase reading all the reviews.
so far so good.
my 9 month old son loves the water we use this in the tub for bath time where he splashes and has fun.
i bought the safety 1st splash infant bath cushion, blue to go in it.
i use that sometimes as i don't find the bottom of the tub that slippery, my son stands up in it and doesn't slip.but i was worried about safety so i purchased the cushion.we also use it for a swimming pool, sort of.
we have had some very hot days so i take it out side on my deck putting a old blanket underneath & he just sits in it and plays.i like it also when he has diaper rash as i can put the baking soda in the water to help dry it up and the height of the tub allows me to get it high enough over his butt.
i bought this because my baby wasn't old enough to sit up yet but was getting way too big for her plastic tub.
you don't have to worry about them slipping in a big tub and it saves water!
she is now able to sit on her own and she really enjoys splashing around in this.
we were in that in between stage for the bath.
i did not need a tub that had slots for the shampoo because then my son spends all of his time trying to play with the shampoo.
soft, blows up easily, roomy but not too roomy.
this is a good product.
i got this tub as a replacement.
after reading another customer's review i also purchased a sponge for the bottom and have had no problems with him slipping under water.
it smelled very strongly of plastic so i had to wait a couple of days to use it, i recommend airing it out.
but once it's blown up, it's ready to go.
it's a little difficult to fill since it's so puffy, i have trouble getting it under the tub faucet but since i need to test the water temperature anyway, i just cup my hands and let the water run into the tub like that.
if you had a tub hose or something it would be easier.
he lays back and luxuriates in his bath and it's very cute to see him &#34;relaxing&#34;.
(8 months old).
the suction cup on the back is awesome for hanging it up out of the way in the shower when we're done with it.
we keep it blown up and don't use the drain plug, we just tip it up to drain it because i read another review that the drain plug got warped and started to leak.
i'm avoiding that by just tipping it up to pour the water out.
:)
i was hoping this would be a good transition tub for my 6 month old who is growing out of the tub that fits in the sink.if you are in the same situation, i caution you with this purchase -1) it reeks like plastic and has for weeks.2) it is dangerously slippery.
my son can sit up very securely, however he immediately slid.
i even bought a tub mat insert to try, and he still slipped.3) it barely fits into our tub.
i couldn't find anywhere--not on amazon nor on the product or its packaging--what this tub is made of, but i suspect it might be made of pvc.
it has a strong new-shower-curtain/new-pool-toy smell when you first open it, and i let it air out for a few days before using it.
the smell is gone now, but i would have loved it if this tub were made of a less smelly (and probably more eco-friendly) material.also, the tub doesn't fit directly under the faucet--half the water goes in the inflatable tub, and half of it goes between the inflatable tub and the side of the bathtub.
it saves water.
i wanted to push the tub toward the back of the larger house tub so that our son was not tempted to pull up on the faucets.
i was going to use the shower hose to fill it.
however, when i tried to drain the tub, the drain on the bottom of the tub would suction to the bottom of the house tub and it wouldn't drain.
i'd have to hold the drain hole off the floor of the tub.
it is too heavy to pick up with water in it.
it will drain if you push the tub to the very front of the bathtub where the drain hole is over at least part of the bathtub drain.
i wish they had a little piece under the drain hold that held it off the floor of the bathtub.
as soon as my (large!)
he loves it!!
now he has room to splash his hands against the water, play with his bath toys and explore the duckie-print.the tub is easy to blow up, easy to hang and i've had no problems with it being slippery.honestly - with a couple gallons of water and a 23 lb baby inside, how much can this thing move?
i have to blow up the tub each time i want to use it.
i temporarily fixed the seam with crazy glue but now it's hopeless.
however, the six months that it latest was great...this is a perfect tub for an infant who has learned to sit up by themselves.
my daughter had the munchkin duck tub for awhile until it broke.
well...she is almost two and i was thinking of getting another one or bath mats.
so i found this one and the age limit was past 2years old so i thought i would try it out.
my only complaint is that the drain sits flush against the bath floor so it doesn't really drain unless you put something underneath it to elevate it a little (i use a foam letter since we already have them in the tub for her to play with).
bottom blow up cushion doesn't stay inflated and the plug doesn't really drain the water effectively however it fits snuggly in my tub and my daughter doesn't mind her baths in here.
has transitioned our bath times from sink to big girl tub like i wanted so job well done.
i also like the suction cup to hang the tub to bath side for drying purposes.
good product and woukd recommend.
we used this tub for my baby from about 7 or 8 months old until about 13 months.
it was a great transition from our infant bathtub, giving her more space without using all the water that a full bath would require.
it only took moments to inflate by mouth, and i never needed to add more air.
the vinyl is a nice quality, and i ended up using it outdoors as a small wading pool at my mother's house after the baby outgrew it for bath purposes.
once she started walking it was not long that she learned how to climb out of the sides, but i'm very happy with the job that this tub did for the months we were able to use it!
it's easily inflated and my baby has a blast sitting in this thing.
some reviews mention a slippery bottom but we haven't had any problems with it.
my son outgrew his infant tub so i tried to bath him in a regular tub - wasn't having it!
i would recommend buying a hand pump to fill it (just be very careful).
i tried to blow it myself and nearly passed out!
i used the pump from my exercise ball and it was inflated and ready to go in minutes.
just place the plug in the hole and fill!
he loves it!
my only complaint is that the bottom leaves...um...rear end stains so make sure you keep it clean or at least pre-clean your babies bottom before putting them in.
i always do so i don't know how it stains but it does!
we got this for our 7 month old twins who have just started sitting up alone but are still a bit wobbly.
the tub is really cute but the bottom panel on the one we got had a leak and would not stay inflated, which completely defeats the purpose of creating a soft surface for them.
we ended up putting the infant bath sponge that we used when they were newborns in the bottom and sitting them on that.
they had a great time splashing and playing.
she is very active so she doesn't like to sit for very long.
we first tried the bath ring, that was a disaster.
she is able to stand in it and splash around without us worrying about her breaking her head if she slips.
i highly recommend this tub, especially if you have toddler who won't sit through baths!
was looking for a solution for my infant when he outgrew the baby tub (he was too long for it and his feet were hanging out).
i started using it around 4 months when he could lean against it, and now that he can sit and move around more it still is the perfect bath solution.
love that it has a suction on it too to hang up.
my husband has to re-pump it every couple days
i'm very satisfied with this affordable blow up tub.
she loves the ability to play in the water in here, i just have a hard time keeping her sitting in the tub, she keeps wanting to stand up and climb the bathtub walls.
she rarely gets upset at anything let alone cries -but i have to say, i blew up this tub and our daughter freaked out - she would clinch onto me super scared of it, turn her head and cry out at the sight of it.
we tried letting her play with it in her room but she wasn't having it.
she was sliding around (and i could see an accident waiting to happen) so i bought these cute little "mini" whale suction cup/ non slip mats on amazon and they work extremely well.
don't know what it is about this tub, but wasn't for my daughter.3 stars because the product itself was okay- just not sure what "spooked" her about it!
and worth noting, it did have a strong odor when i blew it up - but that was a bad taste in my mouth- not an external odor.
very nice product
good little tub.
we have been using it for 5 months with no problems, little man is now 1 year.
i wanted this to use for the baby while i showered, and for him to play in while i dried off.
we have a standard sized tub and this took up so much room that i had to step into it to enter or exit the tub.
it would be ok for somebody who was sitting next to the tub while baby bathed, as it would save time and water not having to fill the whole tub.i had some problems with mold, and boy is it tough to get off once it's there.
i tried scrubbing with vinegar and baking soda, and some bleach.
it mostly came off but was still in the cracks.
honestly, we got more use putting this in the back yard during summertime, and now it's getting tossed out.
i purchased this inflatable tub for my son because i wanted to have a portable tub for when i went traveling with him.
now that he sits up on his own, it's a lot easier to bathe him.
i like using this tub better than an infant bath seat because i can wash him more thoroughly, all around instead of having his legs fastened in a tub seat.
if you travel, it's a great idea to get an inflatable tub, it's portable, and quite sturdy.
decided to keep it anyway, but then after a day it developed a slow leak which made the whole thing pointless.
returned it.
we had the fisher price whale tub for my baby, and as she started to get bigger and we removed the middle ledge in the tub she'd often slide down towards the water.
i purchased this, and have used it for a few months - it's perfect!
i've had to add some air to it once, but other than that i just rinse it out after each use.
my 9 month old does not slip around in it at all.
i wish we had started using it earlier.
it's so nice not to have to fill up a whole bathtub with water, just for a tiny baby, too.update - my baby is now 16 months old, and we still love this tub, even though she's in the 97% for height and 90% for weight.
unfortunately, it has developed a slow leak.
we got 10 months hard, abusing, biting on the tub use out of it, which is amazing for such a reasonably priced product.
i only refilled the air once in 10 months - the rest of the time it stayed full.
we have been very happy with this!
i researched a lot of tubs before buying this one, and i am happy with my decision.
i wanted the biggest one available so he would be able to use it for awhile before growing out of it.
it is pretty good with being nonslip.
the only downside is i haven't been able to get the suction cup to work to allow it to hang dry so i just set it up in the tub to let it dry.
my baby boy loved this toy so much it kept him intrigued and i would recommend it babies mine is now 18 months and this is well worth the investment
my little one outgrew her baby tub around 5 months old.
great item...its cushy for baby and quite large for her and her toys :)  another great thing is even if the suction cup is wet, it still sticks to the bath tub wall without any problems and doesn't deflate easily (it's been about 2 months and still have not had to inflate the tub since i've purchased the item).only con is that as a previous reviewer had mentioned, the tub is slippery.
this is a nice enough tub but nothing special enough to warrant five stars.
i like the safety 1st kirby inflatable tub better than this one because it is deeper and the bottom plug is cushioned better the snugtub's.
the snugtub is slightly longer, though, and that was a key issue.
why doesn't someone invent a larger toddler tub?
we're trying to postpone having to waste a lot of water filling the entire adult bathtub for our growing toddler's baths.
a vinyl tub that is 9 or 10 inches high and 30 inches long would be perfect and sell well.
there must be lots of other parents looking for a similar transitional tub!
the good:it lasted about 6 months and never leakedit really did fit my tub well and helped the transistion from sink to tub for bathing.the bad:once it goes.....it goes.
it developed a slow leak on day and went into the trash.
so far so good.
i tried the fully body boppy pillow, but had trouble sleeping with it and i had trouble with having to adjust it again after turning over.
before pregnancy i slept on my belly.
i find that this pillow has really helped me transition from being a belly sleeper to a side sleeper.
i bought this wedge as my stomach started getting bigger to find some comfort sleeping at night.
the wedge is very stiff, even after working it for a little while.
the angle of it isn't right..it should be thicker at it's current thinnest part, because basically, my belly just pushes into it, and it falls on the floor, eventually.
it was a waste of money, and a rolled up blanket or pillow does the job way better, and they are way more comfortable!
too small.
it felt worthless for what i wanted.
it is a small pillow, most useful underneath another pillow to give you a little elevation.
it's really too uncomfortable to lay directly on it, maybe if you just wanted to put it between your legs it'd be okay.
i don't think i'd call this a "pregnancy pillow" - it's too small.
however this worked good for just head elevation (with another pillow on top).
it stopped pulling and stretching of my stomach, kept my legs apart when i put it between my knees.
if you are a man reading this with a pregnant wife, get it for her.
i promise she will love it and you.
i bought this pillow on a whim not having much faith since it was only $9.99.
it was the best money ever spent!
i have always been a left-side sleeper so i didn't think sleeping while pregnant would be difficult.
just wedging the pillow under my side would make all the difference in the world.
i think we bought this for $8.
i was in the market for a snoogie but couldn't bring myself to pay $60 for a pillow i would only use for a few months.
i am 7 months along and i didn't realize that i needed to 'lift' my belly a bit.
i'm glad it's not memory foam because i need a 'lift' not to sink in.
i gave it 4 stars only because i have 2-3 more months to go in my pregnancy.a great buy!
i'm in my 3rd tri and have been sleeping with a snoogle but was finding that my belly wasn't getting the support when i had my back to the snoogle --so i ordered this.
but overall, it's just ok.
but i'm not sure if i would feel like i needed it if i didn't already buy it.
after seeing the boppy wedge, i would have ordered that instead because it's much softer.
the drawback to this wedge is that if you wedge too much of it under your belly, it hurts your back --defeating the whole purpose.
inexpensive, but you definitely get what you pay for.
not even using.
i had two of these.
one on each side of me every night i went to sleep, when i was pregnant.
i am keeping them for my next pregnancy!
:)
i tried to use this while pregnant but for me it was too thick and firm.
however it did make a great tool for propping up our newborn's mattress because he needs to sleep elevated due to reflux.
this wedge is very small, it will work well for supporting a pregnant belly but is not for sleeping on.
i was disappointed that it was so small and firm.
it's alright for a little extra belly support or to put between my legs.
but, i think there are better products out there.
can't beat this price though!
i was terribly uncomfortable and needed some support for my baby belly, but this was not even close to the answer to my problem.
i'll say it again because these are the only two words worthy of writing about this product:terrible and pointless.
bought this for the last 4 months of pregnancy and it really helped comfort levels during nap and night sleeps.
does tend to squish into a set position but i liked that.
really nice for the price.
i got this pillow and when it arrived i was disappointed.
i purchased it intending to use it to prop my torso up at night during my 2 trimester.
it was much smaller than i realized and tossed it aside.
a few weeks later i started using it between my knees while i slept on my side.
i also used it under my growing belly so it wouldn't hang.
i found myself using it behind my back during tv time and also in the car.
i used it all the time.
i would recommend this pillow to anyone so has back issues or is pregnant.
the case comes off so you can clean it too.
my daughter is pregnant with twins and it was getting to be very difficult for her to sleep.
this is a very small wedge, but i don't think you'd want something any bigger or softer to support a growing belly.
she was using it mostly on the couch while using a microbead body pillow in bed.
when she was admitted into the hospital at 31 weeks in pre-term labor, this was the first thing she asked her husband to bring.
she has made it another week and this little pillow gets a constant workout.
sometimes it just helps to support the arm that has the iv in it.
we are hoping to make it another 4 weeks or more, so i think i got my money's worth out of this.
i'm glad i found something to make her a bit more comfortable.eta:  found another use for the pillow.
entertaining a 4 year old in a hospital room is hard, but this pillow has assisted us in doing just that.
this pillow is smaller than a standard sized bed pillow.
it is just enough to wedge under my hip & keep me off of my vena cava (now 7 months along.)
it does not solve all of my comfort issues, but it gives me peace of mind that i'm not laying flat while i sleep (which i find myself doing without it.)
it seems like it will fit perfectly in my bassinet after the baby is here to elevate her head.
i have already gotten my $10 worth & forsee using it for a long time to come.
i bought this because it was so much cheaper than a snoogle, and i needed some support for my growing belly.
it worked okay during my second trimester.
now that i'm in the third, i feel that it is much too firm.
i have to adjust and readjust several times during the night.
it's better than nothing, i suppose.
i'm 28 weeks pregnant, and have been having trouble sleeping with the extra tummy weight so i thought this would help.
however, this didn't really help me sleep better at all, if anything it made it worse.
maybe i'll try it again later when my tummy gets even bigger.
***update***  now that i am 33 weeks, i use this support pillow every night.
once my tummy got bigger, the pillow was no longer uncomfortable and actually helps support my belly very much.
now i can't sleep without it!
a decent pillow, wife is expecting and is in her 6th month, and this was perfect gift to her for a good night sleep.
i have a l shape nursery pillow, but need another to support my belly.
it is a good value.
and it does do the support job.
the problem is it is too hard for me.
i have put it away and expect to use it when my belly gets bigger ...
as other reviewers have mentioned, this is not for car seats.
the technician who installed my car seat told me to never attach anything to my car seat (including toys) that didn't come with the seat, and the way these headrests fit, that is considered to be attached.
the reason had to do with how your baby will fit in the seat.
it's the same reason you are not supposed to put your baby in a car seat when he or she is extremely bundled up- you end up securing the clothing more than the baby.
the technician did recommend the rolled blanket idea- the blankets will not cause harm to your baby in a crash, and they do not interfere with how the baby fits in the seat at all.i am using mine in the stroller and his swing.
i give it three stars because it is not totally useless.
i don't use it in their car seats because the smaller part of the head rest only fit their heads for a few weeks and the bigger part is to big for them now.
since day one my daughter has been comfy using this.
when she was teeny tiny the insert kept her head from flopping forward.
i tried the head rest that came with her graco car seat and it was terrible.
it sort of lets her head roll all over when we carry her from the house to the car.
for a small baby i wouldn't even think about using the flimsy headrest they give you with the seat.
i found that the items i needed to use it with (the carseat, the stroller, the swing, etc.
), came with their own headrest.
also, parents should know, that when i had my carseat checked by the sheriff department's trained carseat safety deputy, i was told not to use one of these in a carseat unless the seat comes with one that is made to specially fit that seat.
using one in a seat that it wasn't made for can cause your child to fit improperly in the seat, putting them at greater risk for injury.
the product may be a fine one, but i found an &quot;extra&quot; one to be unnecessary.
i am not rating this very highly because my daughter's head still flopped around quite a lot when i used it because babies' car seats have them sitting almost upright even as newborns.
this didn't help her head from going side to side or even forward.
also, my car seat came with one.
i love this product.
it holds my son's head up straight and let's him sleep without his head flopping everywhere.
i have the chambray color but it's still the same product.
i suggest having 2 on hand.
1 in the carseat and 1 in a swing or bouncer.
i don't really know if this thing works or not because my 8 mo old refuses to have anything to do with it.
this particular one appealed to me because it's not dyed & it's made in the usa.
as to whether or not it works?
i will never know!
our baby wasn't interested at all in sucking on anything in it.
she woudln't even go for fruits that we knew she loved.
i'm guessing the mesh is too distracting or annoying to them(?)
she would just shake it around, bang it, or throw it.
also, it's a total pain to clean it.
the netting never gets clean in the dishwasher.save your money on this one.
at first i really liked this.
my 9 month old daughter loved munching on fruit with this.
but, when i tried to clean it i realized that it was a bit more work than i expected.
you can purchase new netting for it but why spend the extra money when you can buy one by munchkin at target for less?
the munchkin brand has a levered top so you don't have a bunch of seperate parts to monkey with.
also - not to be weird but on a taste test the munchkin brand had no taste while this one seemed to have a little, bitter taste.
for $3.00 go with the munchkin one.
sometimes little bits if food gets stuck in the netting (but in this one and the munchkin brand).
whichever you decide to go - this is a great invention!
i would not live without this tool.
i can't say enough good things about it.
this is the only thing that soothes his teething pain that he'll take.
i admit the older style bags were hard to clean (oxy clean and an overnight soak in hot water in a cup before a top-rack dishwasher run did get it clean, but was messy and took extra time).now, new easy-clean/disposable bags are here!
pitch them if they're really bad, but just unscrew bag from ring, scrub or soak both and voila, put back together and re-use.
i purchased this product a few months ago despite all the bad reviews and so far i have not had a problem with it.
i've had this sitting in the sink (dirty) for days sometimes and i have never once had a problem cleaning it.
the best way i figured out on cleaning this product is to just clean it with hot water and dish detergent and clean out the inside really good with the same type of brush that you use to clean out the bottles.
even the bananas come out and who cares if its a little stained as long as you know that its clean.
i was in the store the other day and saw a similar version of this item made by munchkin at less than half the price of this one.
i would still  definately recommend this product though.
when i received it, i had no idea what is was or what it was for.
needless to say, my perception of this has significantly changed (for the better!)
i use this for my 7 1/2 month old son with canned pears, pieces of apple and canned peaches...just cut up the canned fruits/veggies to fit in the bag, and let your little one have at it!
better yet, when they're teething, freeze cubes of juice, and put the cube(s) in the bag--they'll thank you for it!
they'll throughly enjoy feeding themselves (albeit making a mess too)...but more importantly, they are learning to feed themselves as well as about the textures and consistencies of food other than the pureed versions they're so used to.
it's durable and easy to clean, and replacment "bags" are found pretty much any child store.
it's great for teething because you can stuff it with cold fruit and your baby will love sucking away while getting all the juice out of grapes, pineapple, watermelon, even strawberries!
it's great for regular feeding too, since you can now place larger pieces of food inside to give your child a taste of such things as meat, fresh brocolli, etc.
the easy to clean mesh bag does get stained pretty quickly, i tried to boil mine clean with gentle soap and water, but after just two weeks of steady use, the carrots and bananas had stained the bag permanently.
the refill package costs nearly as much as the unit itself, but it's worth the total investment for peace of mind that your baby will never choke on anything they eat through this feeder.
i suggest bringing an extra along in the diaper bag -- it's a great thing to have on trips.
it is very flimsy and floppy when food is in it.
she just played with it (flipping it around) thinking it was a toy.
she is teething also so i thought it would definitely go in her mouth often, but she enjoyed throwing it around instead.
i didn't find it too dificult to clean as others commented.
it's good for babies over 6 months but one must understand that the baby might throw it away (sometimes very far away) and then all the food is gone.
it's a cheap item and the baby might have fun as mine did.
when they get a bit older and holding things for longer, it is very handy to leave the baby busy eating some fruit, for example.
the baby feeder was the perfect answer.you can cut up just about anything and place it in the feeder bag.
we used it mostly for fruit, especially melon, grapes, pears, and strawberries.
enjoy!!!!
when my 5-month-old started teething, my father-in-law tried to put crushed ice in a zip-loc bag so she'd have something to chomp on (she wasn't a fan of chilled teethers).
we started using cold fruit to soothe her gums, but even without teeth she managed to break of chunks and i'd have to pry open her mouth to fish out the pieces.
this simple little plastic and mesh device has worked very well for us.
at first we used to fill it with crushed ice, but then started putting fruits or veggies in (as mentioned on the packaging) and it works great for that as well.
we even take it with us to restaurants so she can chew on pieces of fruit.
i like that she can hold onto it herself and i don't have to worry about her choking (there's no way she could fit anything but the tip of the mesh in her mouth).
i have had such good luck with this product that i'm already stocking up on them to give to girlfriends as shower gifts.
some swear by this, but my child hated it.
he is sensitive to food textures, so he didn't take to the bag at all.
we used it with frozen fruit for teething, and just about any snacks my baby wanted to eat.
i never had to worry about her choking and it was so easy to clean.i truely reccomend this product for worry free feeding!
wouldn't it be nice if the fears of solid feeding could be alleviated?
how much would you pay to have some safeguard against your little one choking as they learn to eat new foods?
wouldn't it be nice if there were something better than those refrigeratable rings to sooth sore, teething gums?
i had heard good things about this product but this is something you have to experience for yourself.i found it so nice to be able to offer my daughter bananas, grapes, potatoes, and so much more without having to worry about her taking in to big of a piece and choking.
i could drop one or two ice cubes in the bag and my daughter would be on cloud nine.
she never cared for those teething rings or other teething toys, this was it for us.
she would hold onto the handle and suck cube uppon cube of ice until her pains were relieved.i think every parent should own one of these, it is inexpensive and well worth the money.
overall , it's pretty good.
i think you can buy this one and not the "starter kit."
all you really need is one set.
i have tried it with ice, which she loves, and peas and a frozen peach.
it is a huge mess, which i can deal with.
the main issue i have with it is that the mesh is pretty thick so it's hard for her to actually get any food out of it.
i wouldn't say this is one of my indispensable baby items though.
i was afraid that my baby would throw/drop this and break the ring, but then i discovered that i could link the handle to the attachment on the fisher-price healthy care deluxe highchair.
he had his first local gorn apple at 5 months old thanks to this product.
he gnawed that thing to death.
we keep one at home and oone in the diaper bag for when we got out.
it is easy to clean and is one less thing to worry about.
i like the concept of this but in practical use, my 7.5 month old wasn't thrilled about using this.
the handle is a bit heavy and i wondered why they couldn't make it a little lighter to hold.
my baby ends up holding onto the mesh part of this b/c the handle is too heavy for her.
eating out of this does get really messy but that's going to happen any time babies try to feed themselves.
in comparison to the munchkin feeder i bought, this is nice in that the handle screw off but the munchkin feeder is much more durable and the mesh is easier to clean.
i think this is a great idea.
i only used it a couple times for foods.
at that time she was having trouble mastering how to hold the handle and soon after that she was able to pick up foods on her own and was pretty good at chewing.
i love this product for when she is teething.
i put a couple ice cubes in it and wet it under the faucet so it doesn't stick to her lips.
she gets upset when the ice is gone.
i had been using the gerber bags for quite a while when i ran out and decided to try some of the medela bags that came with my pump.i frequently just couldn't seem to get the bags to completely seal - and i had never had this problem with the gerber bags.i always ended up making a mess when trying to use the 'spout' at the bottom of the bag.and the worst part - i didn't realize the twist-ties were cutting into the sides of the bags on more than one occasion.
i took the bag out of the freezer and into the fridge to thaw and ended up with a shelf full of breastmilk.maybe these bags work for supermoms, but they didn't work well for busy, sloppy me.
apparently i can handle a ziploc baggie but not a twist tie!
the idea behind these bags is great - you can pump straight into the bag and store them.
the execution, however, is lousy.
even though you can't pump straight into them, sealing them is quick and easy.
after using all 50, i got a few free lansinoh bags with my breast pad purchase.
wow!!
i will never go back to medela.
the reason i registered for them is because everyone says they are strong and don't leak.
well this is the only good feature.
stacking medela bags in the freezer is difficult because of their shape...and thawing will be difficult because i can see i'll need to watch that the milk doesn't spill out the top.
with lansinoh i won't have to worry about that.
my medela bags haven't split in the freezer...i'll give them that.
but neither has my lansinoh bag.
i actually did not even buy this bags, i only used the ones that came with my pump in style.
from the beginning i did not like their closing system - with a tie!
i had no problems attatching the bags to the shield, but i hated the way you are suppose to close the bags.
i haven't had any problems with leaks(on storage) so far, but it just does not seem right!
you basically roll the tie down and twist it up - i like the gerber seal and the avent clips much more.
i had problems pouring out the milk though, it leaked everywhere!the good thing is that you do not have to double bag to freeze, like i have to with the avent ones.overall i won't buy the medela ones because i think they are too expensive for what they stand for.
i use either gerber - very good but also a little more expensive, or the avent ones(that i have to double bag to freeze!!!)
but cost less money - and even with double bagging are worth it(it comes with 100 per package and cost less than 5 dollars).
i think that i've tried every bag that i have found and have been disappointed with all of them.
these were just about the worst!!
my daughter was born prematurely and never really got the hang of breastfeeding.
i wanted her to recieve all of the benefits of breastmilk so i pumped.
i have pumped everday since the day she was born btwn 5 and 8 times a day.
i went through alot of bags (i use bottles now) and these were a pain.
they were small, thin, punctured easily, and those twist ties (although pumping directly into the bag is a great concept) were just a pain in the butt.
i love medela's pumps (i own the pump in style advanced, a seperate manual pump, and used the lactina hospital pump for 3 months), i like their storage bottles, i even like their nipple cream, but these bags need some more work put into them.
i really liked the medela products at first, but i never really liked these bags, mainly because you have to tie them with a folded over twist tie to close them.
if you get too much milk in the bag, it will leak when you close it up.
then one of my bags tipped over in the freezer and it leaked, causing a frozen puddle of breast milk in my brand new freezer to clean.
plus, the bag got stuck in the puddle.i have also used the gerber bags, and i liked those much better.
i was not impressed with these storage bags.
i prefer to use the other brands that offer ziplock type closure.
this brand is harder to close, more time consuming and wasteful (due to spilling)
they freeze well but you have to place them in a coffee cup or something so they won't tip over.
they do not stand up on their own.
i heard gerber is a much better brand but i got hundreds of these and just used them instead of bothering to go out and buy something different.
if i had it to do over again, i would not buy this product.
i had some of these that came with my medela pump and like some other reviewers i thought they would be a good deal since i've really liked my medela pump.
that didn't make sense to me at all.
i tried the first years that have a zip-loc top and they've worked better.
they sit on their own and don't need to be set in a cup!i do prefer using bottles to store milk and have found the mother's milk mate storage bottles to be a great cheap alternative for storage bottles.
if i had to freeze breastmilk, this was great because i didn't have to put a lot of plastic containers in the freezer (we could use them to feed the baby instead).
they were easy to dispose of if they outdated (there is a place to label them with the date).
i usually put 3 of them in a freezer bag as a double layer of protection against leaks and freezer burn.
none ever leaked for me.
they thaw easier and faster than in hard plastic or glass containers, too.
very convenient.
if you are looking to make a mess, lose milk and get frustrated, these are the bags for you.
first, these bags do no stand up on there own and it is very inconveniant to carry a little cup around to help fill the bag.
you have to string the twist-tie into each bag by yourself.
also you are supposed to tear the little tab on the bottom of the bag to get the milk out.
it's not that easy.
the first time i did it i lost a whole bunch of milk.
your better off untwisting the tie and pouring it from there.
the worst thing about the bag is that they have leaked a few times that my caregiver was warming up the milk.
this never happened with the other bags on the market.
another bag thing about these medela bags are that they are more expensive than the others.
pass on this and try others.
i do not like these bags.
the plastic is thin and leaks in the freezer when frozen.
the only advantage i can see to these bags is that they are easy to hook to the medella breast pump and pump into directly.
yes you can pump directly into the bag but then you have to fool with wrapping the bag around the twist tie and the whole system is just pretty inconvenient in my opinion.i found the lansinoh brand storage bags to be much better.
they come with a double ziplock so that you can be certain that your precious milk will stay fresh for your little bundle.
we were using bottles to store milk when my mother bought these.
i was sooo skeptical at first, but i tried them.
i gave them 4 instead of 5 stars b/c they are a little bit akward to put on the pumps, but i love them!!!
they save space and they are less expensive than buying 50 bottles to store your milk in.
these bags leave a lot to be desired.
they don't stand up on their own so you have to set them in a cup when they have milk in them.
they don't lie down flat, so you can't freeze them in a nice flat layer to stack in the freezer.
the twist-tie top causes the bags to freeze with a lot of folds and ridges at the neck - this made it impossible for me to open a frozen bag to add more milk later on.
and i've never been able to tear open the little tab at the bottom to get the milk out - i have to snip the edge with a scissors, which i'm sure defeats the purpose of having a nice, sterile inside.
all in all, i'm really disappointed in these bags, and the only positive side to them is i haven't had any burst in the freezer...yet.
i've never had a problem with those leaking or ruining my milk.
they are also much cheaper as you can generally find them at discount stores (target, etc.).
there seem to be many negative reviews for these bags, but i have no serious complaints about them.
i have stored milk nearly 50 times using the medela bags and have been completely satisfied.
however, i do dislike the fact that the way they are closed is to insert a little trash bag tie into the two pre-cut holes and then fold over and over and twist together until tight.
i store my milk in tupperware and then enclose in large freezer ziplocks and have not had any problem with the milk being corrupted.
the way they close is annoying because it doesn't freeze flat at all and i can only store 3 bags of milk per container- thus taking up tons of space in the freezer.
when i heat these up in a pot or under hot water i never have to double bag or worry about leaks and that is what matters most to me.
i recommend these bags and will continue to use for the remainder of my time breast feeding.
i purchased these bags when i returned to work and began pumping more often.
what a waste!!
the twist tie design is both clumsy and ineffective.
in additon to this, the cost is ridiculous.
they can be found at most retail stores including target and walmart.
these bags do not measure up to the medela name and they should consider a new design.
i love this gadget.
unlike my car, there center seat has a harness strap.
those are hard to get really tight.
with the harness strap it was just too hard to get the seat in tight enough.
with the mighty tight, it was a snap.
you just hooked it in, cranked it, and voula!!
!that seat isn't going anywhere.
i love it.
you must have this if you are trying to secure a seat in a position with a shoulder harness.
i have a britax chaperone infant carseat and the base has an excellent lock off feature built in.
however i could not get it so tight that it would move less than an inch.
after easily installing the mighty tite, it's like the base is a part of the car.
i am not a particularly strong or large person and it was a breeze to install.
i highly recommend this product.
something like this is a great idea, but when i called to ask the fire dept.
to inspect my car.
they said not to add any after-market things to car seats or seat belts.
the firefighter said this could weaken the seat belt over time and it may break in a crash.
they also said that the headrest for the infant seat was dangerous because it adds more room between baby and the seat, which may cause the baby to be injury seriously in an accident.i took both out of my car.
the mighty tite is just collecting dust.
i have no plans of using it or giving it away.
if i can't find a use for it, i'll probably throw it away.
the headrest is in the bouncer or the swing.
when i was pregnant a friend of ours who is a fireman, told us we must get this.
he used it for his two kids & said he wouldn't do without it.
the mighty-tite is a simple ratchet device, like you see on a come-along or truck tie down.
on the old center seatbelts (no shoulder harness) they are a breeze.
i put both the main belt and the &quot;extra&quot; strap that you pull to tighten into the ratchet, and crank that puppy right down.
and simple to operate.minus side: some car seats don't have enough room under the base for this thing.
also, the new shoulder harnesses really torque the seat sideways, and this thing only makes it worse.
i don't like using it with a shoulder harness belt unless it's dead center of the car, because the extra torque tends to make the seat crooked.
finally, getting it to release is kind of a pain.
you have to crank the ratchet a partial turn, hold down the yellow lever, and pop a button while holding it down.
now, a ratchet is not supposed to open easily, so it's no big deal, but it takes some work and getting used to.
perhaps they need some more development on the release.
i believe we can fairly judge the usefulness of this accessory in terms of "before" and  "after".
we're on our second car seat now, and i've helped install others for friends, and every car seat has its own installation quirks.
at some point, with all of them, if you're using seat belts to hold down the car seat, you're going to have to tighten the belt significantly.
when i install our car seat (before the mighty tite), that means getting up on it and bearing down a lot of weight while tugging on it; when my wife does it, it means not being able to get a really tight fit at all.
"after" we got the mighty tite, and went through the use of it, i'd say our car seat installation time was reduced by 200%, and the installation job was much more secure.
during a recent spate of traveling, we had to install and re-install the seat a dozen times in a two-week period, and this was utterly essential for getting on and off of the airplane quickly while still having a securely-installed seat, and even more importantly, getting the seat re-installed securely when we were putting it into a "strange" car.we particularly appreciated the plastic instructions attached to the mighty tite with a metal ring -- it meant when we got confused about how to use it with a different belt arrangement, we had the visual reference right at hand and not all dog-eared or ripped up (like our car seat installation manual!
)obviously, if you're only going to install the car seat once in one car there may be diminishing returns on a device like this.
but if you have to move it even occasionally, i think this accessory is worth the price for a little extra security and peace of mind, plus a few extra minutes saved.the one caveat i provide is that the plastic retainers that hold the strap in have begun to look a little stressed (the way well-used plastic looks before it breaks), so this might not wear well over a multi-year period.
this is not a safety issue, since this part is used only to guide the safety belt, and if it does break, it will still be usable.
since we've already put it to heavy use, though, i'm well satisfied at the purchase and value.
it's not safe, can cut your seatbelt, and kill your child.you need to get a good install without this dangerous product.
we had gotten this seat belt tighter for both our cars - a subaru outback and an audi a4.
for the subaru, the mighty-tite was too bulky to work well - it was pushed up against the car seat and it was difficult to tighten completely.
it fit well on the audi, but when we got our car seat installation inspected, the police office checking our seat said that she did not recommend this product.
she has actually had one break while installing it!
since it is not made by the car manufacturer and not made by the car seat company, you should be wary of being lulled into a false sense of security just because you have this product.
i am a big guy, and even when i pushed down on the base of our graco seat, i could not get the seat installed tight enough.
a couple of clicks on the mighty-tite was all i needed to fix that!this device is excellent, and i can't possibly imagine anyone breaking it like some reported here, the device weighs a lot (a good thing) and feels extremely sturdy.
i bought this product because i was so afraid of the seat belt not being tight enough for the infant seat base.
i have used this product since my son was just a few months old.
i never worried about the seat belt again.
i was in a car accident with my child when he was almost 3 years old.
i was still using this product with his forward facing car seat.
my car was totalled (i drove a saturn)...the only part of the car without damage was the roof & the drivers side...my son's car seat was on the rear passenger side, so he recieved more of the impact than i did being the driver.
i honestly believe that this  product saved him from worse injuries than he recieved.
he came out of the wreck with only scratches on the top of his head.
i don't know how it worked out that way, but if his car seat hadn't fallen to its side, i think that he may have been hurt more.
the mighty-tite still worked fine after the wreck, & the seat belt never broke like some of the other reviews say.
after washing 3-4 times with loads of fabric softener - no difference.i used it once and it's been in the closet ever since.i ended up putting a thin blanket in the packnplay and tucking it into the sides instead.
it was soft, and when my child was sleeping he didn't pull it out.if and when i use the pack and play as a playpen, i may pull the sheet out and try again.
for the basinett - don't bother.
we own these sheets and they are great specially for my nephew..they seem "thin" but actually they are not to thin...i washed them many times from baby puke...these sheets has saved our travel yard from the evil smell of vomit!
and i put a light weight blanket under him (on top of the sheet.)
when he was a newborn/1month old...these sheets kept our play yard very clean!!
we also have the yellow one and this green one..they both get used daily and washed daily (if puke happens) and we love the easy on and easy off!
while it looks like it would be a great color, it's poorly made (thread count must be super low) and when it comes out of the drier, it has "balls" collected over it which also makes the sheet not-so-soft.
go for the white!
i have a couple of white pack 'n play sheets and they are holding up much better!!
if you are purchasing or have a pack-n-play, these extra sheets are a necessity.
baby will spit up, drop the bottle, lose the sippy cup in the playard, and extras are much more convenient than attempting to immediately wipe down the sheet.these sheets fit well, wash well, and aren't overly padded so as to be unsafe.
all in all, a reasonably priced, high quality necessity.
at nine dollars i thought it would be better.
i recommend purchasing a 27" size bru especially for baby brand waterproof pad to go under the sheet (just like you would buy a waterproof cover for your crib mattress!).
the sheet will hold the pad in place and fit perfectly over top both the pad and mattress.this sheet is durable and launders easily.i was so pleased with this product, i would purchase it again!
in fact, i did!
i am expecting twins, so i purchased another sheet in this color and also two of the smaller size for my two graco travel lite cribs/pnp's.good job, graco for coming up with yet another great product!
i only use the sheets when we're traveling and my son uses the playyard to sleep in, and i haven't had any problem with the sheets coming off during sleep (and he's pretty active at night!
).i will agree that these sheets are lint magnets.
however, since we just use them at night, i would have liked a bit softer sheet.
the sheet is also quite thin.the best thing is to not have high expectations for this sheet.
i couldn't fathom why the pack'n'play layette bed needed a sheet.
the spittle and drool just wipes off, right?
not as easily as you might hope, and these sheets are just the thing to make it easier.
they fit perfectly, match fine, and keep muck off the mat.
way to go, graco - you've done it again!
i really like this sheet.
it matches the colors of my pack 'n' play really well.
it has been spit up on about a million times and has been washed about a million more.
it hasn't faded at all and is very durable.
i would definitely recommend this sheet!
i got this sheet for my son's colby pack n play as a spare for when his original aheet requires washing.
there's not much to say about a sheet.
to me, a sheet's a sheet.
the price could have been a bit better but the color is nicer and doesn't show stains as much as some lighter colored sheets do.
i would recommend this over white, yellow, certain blues and pinks.
for the purpose i got this for i have no qualms.
we haven't had any bleeds and the sheet isn't stiff or scratchy.
i would never use this long term but for short term use this is convenient.
i'm glad i got it and i have no complaints but there is only so much raving you ca do about a piece of fabric so i say, buy it as a backup.
you will need it, especially for preemies, newborns and teething babies/toddlers because they can go through several sets of bedcloths a day.
i bought this sheet for a graco brand pack and play...the sheet is fitted, just not in the traditional sense (there's no elastic) just kind of pockets sewn in the corners.
just one thing threw me, i thought the color "tea" would be tan or some variation of a light brown, but it is definitely green.
i also almost didn't buy these sheets because of the reviews on this site, but i couldn't find another brand either, so i picked up two of these in navy.the sheets are a bit on the thin side (they are the thinnest sheets we own for him), but since our son has been sleeping in the bassinet in our room since day one, they are the only sheets he's ever slept on.
they are okay sheets that are holding up very well, even through numerous washings.
oh, and they aren't elasticized, but it is so tricky to get them on the bassinet, i have no worries that they will come up (we haven't used the play yard feature yet).by the way, we've been using them all through a hot colorado summer; if this were winter i would definitly be looking for something softer and cozier.
the sheet fits well and i've had no problems with washing it.
it's not the softest sheet ever made, but that's not what i was expecting.
after all, my son plays on it.
bought a hundred dollar pack and play and this was my only option for a sheet.
can't they make the cheap one and a higher end sheet for those who don't mind spending money for better quality?
i bought this in navy and then realized that everything else i have for baby is pastels.
sheet has to be washed seperately from rest of baby's laundry.
would be better to choose a lighter color that could go into the same load as the rest of the baby's laundry.
i had two of these sheets for my first child because that's all i could find at the time.
other reviewers are right on about the quality.
very thin and not very soft either.
you can see the pattern right through them.now that we're expecting our second child any day and she'll be sleeping in the play yard for a long bit, i wanted to see what else was out there.i found the following brands at bru, bought one of each and tried them on the bed.
here's what i found:nojo: terrycloth-like fabric.
soft but still a bit thin.
they are elasticized though, which is easier to put on and stays on better.
price $9.99graco quilted sheet: very plush, though the fabric is synthetic feeling (i didn't check, but i'd guess poly blend).
will probably use it under a more natural feeling sheet.
elasticized and stayed on well.
most expensive at $14.99carter portable crib sheet: knit fabric.
on the thin side, but soft.
stayed on well, was elasticized and came in at least 4 colors (green, white, blue, yellow).
price $7.99koala portable crib sheet: listed thread count of 220 and it felt like a very decent quality.
highly suggest not buying these, but going with an elasticized sheet.
both the carters and koala sheets are cheaper and are better quality.the pack 'n play fitted sheets will only be used as under sheets from now on!
we have the saratoga p&amp;p and i've been very disappointed with the sheet we bought.
it's been so bad that we haven't used it yet.
the material is very rough and the sheet doesn't fit well when the mattress is in the bassinet position.
we have the graco clarion pack n play and this sheet fits perfectly.
can't understand why there are so many negative reviews about the fit and wear of this sheet.
it is thin, but we haven't found that to be a problem.
these sheets are incredibly thin and cheap.
the elastic isn't good, and the fabric is just not soft.
we've bought several other brands, all of which were better than this stuff.
i regret not following the advice of the majority of reviewers on this one.
these really are terrible sheets.
i have the graco cubby parade pack n play and figured the sheets would be good since they're manufactured by the same company.
boy was i wrong.
they don't fit the pad very well regardless if it's laying flat for the playpen or if it's set up for the bassinet.
since the bassinet is 3/4 the pad folds up and the sheet doesn't stay put very well at all.
they are also cheaply made.
thin isn't even the word.
it's upsetting that my babies r us only carries this brand.
i'm going to return the rest for a store credit and try to find a suitable replacement elsewhere.
as for now i am currently using my bassinet w/o a sheet.
since she's always wrapped in a blanket she doesn't mind going w/o the sheet.
we couldn't get the sheet on right.
it kept lifting the corners of the floor mat.
they weren't soft like the others either.
we never used them... you can find ours at goodwill.
waste of money.
you do need some kind of sheet if your baby will be sleeping on the plastic, and these are all i've ever found.
they do the job, but aren't as good as they could be.
they don't fit great, which doesn't make any sense since they are designed for the pack n play.
they're also pretty stiff even after washing.
these sheets are not good at all.
i am a big fan of graco products, but not these!
they are thin, and not soft at all.
i ended up making my own sheets...all you have to do is get a piece of flannel and hem it and make the corners, they don't need elastic since the mattress has bending points in it.
they are very easey to put on and take off.
they are small and don't take up much space to store when waiting to be used.i have four of these in three different colors.
it's a bit much though.
it's only necessary to have two.
they also fit well over the quilted pack and play sheet.
o.k., yes it is thin, it is not the softest out there, but it does the job.
we have the travelin tot safari playard and even though this sheet is made for graco pack n plays, it's perfect for my son's playard also.
i couldn't imagine putting him in the bassinet part without a sheet...
i'm glad graco came up with such a great product.
it's best to have a few on hand for spit up's or leaky diaper's...
these have a crease up the middle and are not the most comfortable.
still wear them if the other brands are not clean.
these reusable nursing bra pads are bulky and show through shirts.
i was very disappointed after using them the first time.
haven't used them since and have purchased others to try.
i have been using the lansinoh disposable nursing pads, but were given these medela ones as a gift.
they are much more thicker than the disposable ones and very easily seen under my clothes.
it was not attractive at all.
these are nice that they are reusable but to thick for my taste.
they absorb well.
however, you will have to wear a padded bra in order for the seams on these pads not to show and/or look pointy.
i bought these because they are washable and the box said they are 100% cotton.
however, while prepping them for first use, they just about ruined my very expensive rowenta iron.
why, you ask?
why would the cotton setting not work on a cotton breast pad?
because the brainiacs who made them decided to use some sort of nylon-based serger thread on the edging!
it is not even polyester thread, which tolerates a very high heat (i.e., cotton) setting from an iron.i am so incredibly disappointed.
i really wanted to use these because they are cotton.
so, off to the drawing board, i will just have to sew my own.
and in case you are wondering why i would iron them, they come out of the wash very wrinkly (whether you air dry or put in the dryer; i washed them twice for prepping and did both drying methods).
one of my girlfriends said she had tried them and they were very noticeable under her shirt because of the wrinkling, thus, my plan was to iron them smooth after each wash.if you don't mind wrinkles, or are planning on using a padded nursing bra, then i suppose these would work for you...
but if you are like me, and prefer no padding in your bra, then i would give these a pass.
i've tried four different products.
i'm working to test each product i can get a sample of.
i believe most products fit one or more specific needs.
"white/patterns" absorb a bit faster than "natural" so i like to put "natural" as an outer doubler and "white/patterns" as inner doubler during heavy let-downs.if you only drip a few drops during let-down any one of these brands would be fine.
read further if moderate to heavy let-downs are common.all products were machine washable, free samples, and pre-washed in hot or warm water and cold rinse at least once before use unless otherwise noted.
no fabric softeners were applied as they can cause repelling.
all samples were used at least a month before final opinions were noted.categories: dry shirt test, rate of absoption, appearance, leakage, light use, heavy night use, doubler.
organic?, made in usa/canada?, fair trade?, construction material?
seam/dart?
2-second squirt of 3ml absorbed in same 2 seconds.
100% cotton, 4 layers, med contour and dart/seam, 6 pads/pk, ~5" diameter, made in canada.la leche league:single layer/light 4 starinner doubler 1 starouter doubler 4 starheavy night solo 2 starrate of absorption 2 star: (3ml in 13-40 sec, variable)3ml within ~5 seconds after couple months of useshirt test - shirt visibly wet in 5 minutes (3ml)appearance 5 star (especially good for c/+ size in my experience)best appearance for 36c wearing tank top/tight clothes.
13-40 seconds to absorb 3ml--improved after 2 months use.
100% cotton, min contour and dart/seam, 4 pads/pk w/ mini laundry bagnuangel inc:white/white lace/patternssingle layer/light 5 starinner doubler 3 starouter doubler 3 starheavy night solo 2 starrate of absorption - 3ml within 3 seconds after couple months of useshirt test - white/patterns: back barely damp in 30 min / white lace back not discernibly damp @ 30 min... in both cases shirt barely felt damp but not visibly dampappearance 4 star (flat.
smaller you are, better it probably looks)natural/natural lacesingle layer/light 5 starinner doubler 2 starouter doubler 4 starheavy night solo 2 starrate of absorption - star: 3ml within 5 seconds after couple months of useshirt test - natural: back damp in 30 min / natural lace back not discernibly damp @ 30 min... in both cases shirt barely felt damp but not visiblyappearance 4 star (flat.
smaller you are, better it probably looks)nuangel had the best price per unit.
liquid no longer beads/flows on surface when tiltedheavy let-down.
can soak a lansinoh disposable (most absorptive disposable i'd encoutered) in a single feeding and leak.
equivalent to about two & a half washable pads stacked to catch the flow.
heavy flow requires very absorptive inner doublers and low(er) absorption outer doublers so they have time to soak it all up without affecting your shirt.
i just haven't met it yet.
i will gladly try any brand and report on my findings.rate of absorption.
3ml water dispersed in 2 seconds.
dispersed/absorbed time: 2/2 = absorbed immediately.
2/20= 18 seconds after water dispersed until fully absorbedshirt test: after 1+ month of use, lay pad on favorite tank top, apply 3ml water, time how long until back of pad is damp to touch or shirt is visibly dampened.
check at 5, 10, 20, 30 minutes.if you would like another product reviewed, please let me know.
at first when i was sore and using nipple cream, i used the disposables.
the yellow cream stains, so i didn't want to mess up my good pads.
after i no longer needed cream, i moved on to the washable ones.
i forget that i even have them on.
i agree with other posters that they may not be as discreet as some of the disposables, but i don't really care.
i don't wear too many tight clothes these days and if i did i could use disposables (to me the j&j and avent disposables are the most discreet).
i don't leak much anymore, so these are plenty sufficient to collect leakage.
i have four pair.
i generally do laundry once a week, with one load at some point mid-week.
i do still leak through them from time to time so i only use them in the house.
i like the fact that these pads are made from renewable sources and can be reused, so i bought them for ecological reasons.
i was also given some of the disposables.
i have to say i'm going to let go of my idealism this once because the washable pads feel very inflexible and awkward under my shirt.
if you are using no bra or a bra that is not ironclad, you will be able to see the pad protruding, since for some reason it does not adjust to your breast shape as much as the disposables.
i also do not like that they produce fuzz that gets glued to my nipples when they leak, which is very hard to remove without soap.
somehow i do not like the idea of my newborn eating that fuzz with his meal--even if it is cotton.
surprisingly, i also felt that the disposables felt gentler to my sore nipples than these.so far, both types have managed to hold all my leaking so i cannot comment on this.
you can see these through your bra...even a think padded bra.
and they don't lay flat so they aren't very comfortable.try the  llli washable nursing pads.
i have tried every washable brand and these are the best!
so i like that these are washable and not disposable.
they work if you only leak a little bit, unfortunately, if you leak a decent amount, you'll soak right through the pads.
i use them at night at home but never when i go out.
this is something to keep in mind when purchasing!
these breast pads are merely okay.
they have a very small diameter, and retain their shape very poorly after being washed.
because of their small diameter, they are extremely obvious under clothing.
i only wear them at night for that reason.
they do the job, but i can't use them during they day, so they are merely acceptable.
these are bulky under your bras and if you have heavy letdown you will leak right through.
however the slightest leak and they seem to soak through easily not recommended for those who leak a lot
these are a little to big for me (even thought i have big-uns).
they tend to get wrinkles in them and you can see them through a shirt, an under shirt, and a bra all at once.
they are, however very absorbant.
these are much more comfortable than the disposables, but not as convenient, especially at night.
no way to attach them to your clothes and not as absorpsent.
even though i coated my nipples with lanolin after every feeding the pads would still stick to my nipples.
my breasts and nipples already hurt so to have to peel these pads off every two hours was torture.
to make things worse little strands of cotton would dry themselves onto the cracked bleeding parts.
ouch!
a waste of money!
they're easy to wash and dry, i just throw them in with my regular clothes.
i didn't give it 5 stars because you can't wear these with thin clothes or they show.
i wear them with a bra that has light padding so it works great that way, but if you wear a thin bra with a silk shirt or dress it would show.
i bought two packs and might get another one so that i don't have to wash them during the week.
why buy disposables?
seems pretty wasteful to me.
i don't leak that much, so it's not a problem at all.
i was hoping to find a more eco way of dealing with leakage than using disposables.
these work in terms of absorption for me (i should qualify that to mean i leak but generally during feedings or at night and not profusely, but enough to soak 50% of the surface of my bra at a time).unfortunately, they are so thick they show through my more tailored clothes (flowy, patterned tops seem to remedy much of this problem).
once the pad is washed it's very ripply and won't sit flat (which is the biggest annoyance for me).
they're great if you plan on being a slovenly hermit at home, but i wouldn't want to wear them in public.
i didn't want to be wasteful with all of those disposables, but even with my thickest bra these were visible, and in order to have enough around to always have a clean set available it just seemed silly (i mean, new mom nursing a baby isn't doing laundry very often... unless you're doing cloth diapers i guess, in which case maybe this makes a ton of sense...)
they're fine if you want to change them out every hour.
i'm a working mom and i over-produce and leak more than other women.
these leaked through so quickly.
i have tried 4 other brands and these are the worst.
i haven't had any problems with leakage (with this or any other brand) but after 3-4 washes the medela pads are so wrinkled and have lost their shape that i can't wear them with anything without them showing through.
i would not recommend these unless you were going to hand wash them - but who has time with a new babe!
especially, when the other brands are holding up just fine after the same number of washes.
i used this stool during my baby's first month.
but after the first month, it became more of a hindrance.
you don't need it if you are using a nursing pillow,  like &quot;boppy&quot;.
pricey.
perfect height to get those knees up so you're not hunched while nursing.
when baby weaned, i kept this for use under my desk in the office.
my back problems are almost non-existent now.
i so regret not buying this sooner.
my back and feet felt so much better after using this stool.
i nursed our son for about 7 weeks without this, like many mothers, slouching and what not was killing my already injured back, a friend of mine had one and i tried it...loved it!
ordered one for myself and cant do without.
even ordered an addiotional one for my grandparents house that we are going to in the next week in another state!
highly recommend and i will definantly be using this for our other babies to come!thanks medela for once again, making an outstanding product...also...if anyone is having problems with there child- reguardless of age-- lactching on or nipple soreness or whatever......i recommend the medela nipple shield, i used it for latch on problems and immediately my son nurses just fine, its for temporary use but i have been using it non stop sense my son was born..keeps me from being sore!
you can buy it at target or anywhere medela products are sold.i own the pump in style advanced... get this one, its worth every penny!
yes, it seems a bit ridiculous to buy a nursing stool, but i got one after i used it in a nursing supply store and it totally changed how comfortable i was!
this nursing stool drastically improved the usefulness of my old-fashioned rocking chair as a place to nurse my newborn.
prior to the stool my lap was slanted in a way that made it difficult to position baby and my back was leaned too far back to be useful.
the stool converted my lap into a flat horizontal stretch that could support my baby and improved my posture so i didn't end my sessions with a backache.
an added bonus is that it is incredibly easy to put together (5-10 minutes tops) and comes with it's own allen wrench tool.
the medela nursing stool has been a lifesaver.
it comes in handy when trying to prop baby at the right angle.
which also means this is not just a handy item for nursing, but also for bottlefeeding too!
i wish i had invested in this item with my first child, would have saved me from some aches and pains.
i was lucky to get this item on clearance at another baby retail store for $9.90.
it is the perfect height for me to nurse my baby comfortably.
the only problem is i get so spoiled at home, its hard to feed my son while we're out!
my husband put it together easily in a few minutes.
this seems like a silly purchase and pricey for a simple stool.
but it was so necessary for trying to get a good latch with a newborn.
i wish i would have had this at the beginning but only discovered it in a nursing room at a baby store.
if you're planning to breastfeeding or having trouble with latching, this is a must.
can't say enough good things about this stool.
i used one at my lactation consultant's office and found it really helpful.
it's well made and easy to assemble.
i am not too tall - 5'3" with legs on the shorter side.
maybe if you have longer legs you don't need a stool, but i would recommend it to any new mom planning to breast feed.
i have been having horrible back problems since the third trimester of my pregnancy.
and things got worse when my son was born.
i simply could not get comfortable while breastfeeding, and was having trouble maintaining good posture, so my back was getting worse and worse.
i ordered this stool thinking it would help me get comfortable and sit straight.
unfortunately, it has not helped me at all.i think one main problem is that i am very short: 5'1" and change.
when i sit on my couch, my feet don't reach the stool.
so it doesn't help me there.
while i sit on the miniature recliner in my baby's room, my feet do reach, but the sticky pads on the feet of the stool are not sticky enough.
so if i put any weight on the stool at all, it slides away from me in seconds.this is a nice product, and well made.
i just wish it worked for me.
:(
icouldn't have nrsed without it.
even my mother-in-law stated, "wow, this really works" as she was rocking her granddaughter to sleep.
a bit of a pain when you are vacuuming, one more thing to move, but, otherwise, a great idea.
this is a wonderful, wonderful product.
no more back pain and fewer bad latches due to awkward positioning.
if you are a breastfeeding mom, you need this stool!
i didn't have it when i started, but i really appreciated it once i got it.
a definate improvement.
the only part that i don't like, and this is an individual thing, is the ridges (tread).
i am usually bare foot and they irritate my apparently sensative feet.
i didn't think a stool could really make it more comfortable to nurse, but i was wrong!
i used this with an old rocking chair and found that my legs were much more comfortable when propped up - especially during those long nights of rocking!
the stool is well-built and comes ready to use in the box.
the natural wood color is attractive and goes with nearly any decor (just so happens that my crib and baby armoire are also natural wood color).
i imagine this would be a great stool to use if you were nursing on a chair or couch that was stationary as well.
learned of this wonderful invention from a prenatal class.
i recommend it to all my pregnant friends as it makes nursing for long periods of time comfortable and you can use any chair in the house, you don't have to necessarily sit in a fancy glider once you have this versatile stool.
i was nursing without this stool for almost 2 months.
i started developing lower back pain.
i thought it was from picking up and carrying around my son until someone purchased this stool for me.
in just 1 week, my lower back pain began to go away.
i would definately recommend getting this stool if you plan to nurse.
i wish i'd had this when i was pregnant.
but i have it now and it has come in very handy.
i wouldn't buy it until you see if you need it.
this was a back saver for me while nursing.
it was hard to nurse without support and something sturdy to put my feet on.
this is well worth the money.
once you have this stool, you will use it long after you stop nursing.
it is wonderful for just propping your feet up while reading, watching tv, doing needlework, and much more.
i have a rocker/glider that i use in my front room and the gliding ottoman is just awkward and bulky.
i was using a regular child's step stool but have had to tip it onto two legs and i'm starting to notice some wear on my carpet.
it is also easier to pick up and move out of the way than the ottomans or switch to the couch.
the hospital that i gave birth in had this stool in all of its rooms.
i was thrilled to find it on amazon when searching for something to make nursing in our new rocker more comfortable - i am quite short, so i needed something for my feet to rest on.
this stool is a miracle worker for tired legs and backs.
it's very sturdy and doesn't slide around on the floor like my daughter's plastic stools do.i did not get this until baby #2, and i wish i had had it with the first one!
believe me, there is no comparison between rocking/nursing/holding a baby with this stool, or just resting your feet on the floor.definitely in my "top ten" list of must-haves for breastfeeding.
i really like this stool.
it's sturdy and well-build.
only complaint is that it could be a little wider for me.
i like to keep my feet apart somewhat when i nurse.amusingly, my toddler thinks this is his "chair" and uses it when we read books before bed time.
i decided against a glider/rocker for nursing and went with a stationary chair.
i went about a week of nursing with my feet flat on the ground when i realized my back being achey from the position.
this stool was recommended to me at the hospital's breastfeeding class and i used it at the hospital while nursing but thought it was just an extra thing to have.
boy was i wrong.
if you find yourself stuffing an extra pillow/blanket under your nursing pillow to fill in the gap between the pillow and your lap this stool will solve that problem, and won't fall out of your lap onto the floor!
the stool was easy to assemble and nice solid wood.
i have been using mine for two months with no problems.
the hospital had this exact nursing stool too and you could tell it was really worn in and old, but still held up perfectly.
the nice thing is when you are done nursing the stool is still practical to use as a foot rest for chairs around the house- including a nice under the desk foot rest while you are on the computer.
i registered for this stool when pregnant, thinking it would be a nice position-helper while breast feeding, and it is, with one drawback: it tips easily if you put any weight on the edges (top edge or either side).
so far, this hasn't been a huge problem, except for making a loud thump every time i do it, which sometimes startles the baby.
i would just suggest that you avoid ever using it as an actual stool and never step or stand on it, and keep any little kiddos away from it too.other than the potentially dangerous tipping thing, it is a nice wood piece and went together very easily.
as stated before, i would not use it in place of a safer flat stool, but it would be absolutely great under a desk to prop up your feet while working.
we have a white crib and the last set of these i bought (years ago) were discolored.
i know some people did not, and wrote poor reviews about it when it was clearly buyer error.
these are great if you have an infant who learned to stand up in their crib and decided it was time to sharpen their new teeth on the rails (which i think almost every infant is!).
i have only 1 problem with these (hnce 4 stars).
no mater how you try to group them, they do not cover the entire rail on any side of my baby's crib (standard size).
at least 2 inches on each side are still left bare for her to chew on.
the company should change their length in order to be able to provide complete coverage at elast for standard crib sizes.
i liked this product because it's a good rubbery material to chew on, but it only fit on the sides of our crib as the front bar is much wider.
i had actually gotten these & put them on when my daughter was in the crib, but after being on a few months, they almost looked kind of liquidy underneath and when i went to remove them, they removed some of the wood varnish as well, so i left them on to look better.
at least the side bars they fit on will not be used when it's converted to a full size bed, but there will still be those teeth marks on the bed footer.
oh well, it's kind of cute.
i plan to use one of those wood color markers to cover the teeth marks if it really bothers me.
my 13 month old immediately pulled off the covers and started playing with them.
she loved them and thought they were a cool new toy but they did not do the intended job.
i like the idea but in reality didn't work for us.
we would have had to order 3 sets to cover the 4 sides of his crib which gets pricey.
the length (from top to bottom) is not enough for his crib either - his rails are more like 2 or 3 inches.
so he can get his bottom chompers underneath these and still go to town on the wood.
and of course he pulls them off easily and throws them to the floor too (11 months).
skip alllllllll the other gummy crib rail protectors and just get these.
they go on with zero headache and stay on.
but these end up being cheaper and far more effective than the others, which, peel, curl and can even be bitten apart.
yes my little fellow managed that, even though it shouldn't have been possible.
i almost didn't get these after reading the reviews, but they sounded like exactly what i wanted so after making sure the measurements were right i decided to give them a shot.
they fit our crib perfectly, our girls don't even really notice they are there and they stay on great.
not sure how they would work if they fitted!
my 11-month-old can easily remove these protectors, making them worse than useless--they're actually an additional hazard.
buy something else instead.
it did not fit my rail.
it says it fits most standard rails but doesn't give any measurements.
how are you supposed to know if it will fit unless you purchase it?
i wish i had read the reviews before purchasing this product.
so not only did i waste my money purchasing these, but both of my cribs also have a bunch of teeth marks... exactly what i was trying to avoid.
what a waste!
i don't agree with the dimensions listed on amazon's description.
it does come with 4 pieces that are about 12 inches long...which will cover one side of your crib.
however, i don't know what the 1.5 x 5 part is.
my 11 month olds have not pulled them off....yet ;)  there is another listing for this same product, http://www.amazon.com/prince-lionheart-crib-rail-teether/dp/b001jbalrq/ref=pd_sbs_ba_5 , you might be able to get an idea of the size/shape of the crib rail it expects.i covered just one side of their crib at first, but this seems to work and i just went out (to a local store) and bought another pair to cover the other side of the crib.i recommend this product, however, you need to measure or consider your crib rails - they need to be on the skinny side.update:  after several months of use, i noticed that the varnish from my cribs has come off of the crib and stuck to the inside of the teething rails.
i hardly noticed until i looked at it harder.
i still like what the product does, however, i'm disappointed that it has ruined the wood.
my cribs are cheap anyway, but still, i take good care of my stuff.
i don't know if someone put some furniture polish on the crib rail to make it do that (i didn't).
i thought this was important and wanted to make sure you know about.
this didn't register until after i had bought the cover.
when it arrived i was pleased to find that it was big enough.
my boy is only 10 months and has yet to get his little hands on it.
if you have 3-prong plugs or plugs with adapters, be prepared to rearrange your electronics because they won't all fit in this product.
i haven't found anything better though.
one drawback is that it is really hard to open even for adults.
with this device it is only practical to have cords that are infrequently changed.
other users have lamented over the size of this product, but it really needs to be large in  order to fit the power strip and all the plugs.
this does what it is supposed to do - keeps my daughters fingers out of the extra outlets in the power strip.
that's a win in my book.
my baby isn't one to pry her little fingers into the hole on top so that hasn't been an issue for us.
it comes with outlet plugs, which were handy for the empty ones.
i don't find the pieces that hook it together difficult to line up.
many people had commented they were difficult so i actually opened and closed it multiple times to test it out.
no problem.
and it is actually white, not the yellow it appears to be in the photo.
my charger for my breast pump wouldn't fit in this contraption, but otherwise it did what it was supposed to do.
my baby loves to go toward the cords and when she's grabbed toward them, this holds up.
we keep her from them on a regular basis, but on the off chance she's near them, this does the trick.
if a little one were really persistent, he/she could probably dig fingers through the opening, so i plug up the openings i don't have anything plugged into with the caps they include.
my only complaint is that i have to unlatch it to plug something new in, but i can't fault the product-that is just how baby proofing goes sometimes.
worth every penny and more!
the locking tabs just aren't that great, functionally.
again, great concept, needs a bit more on the execution part.
mine is also a white color, not the cream like it appears in the picture.
this thing is bulky and me no likethough they snap and the locks are tightbut it's huge but i guess that's okbut won't be ordering more, it's not worth it to payok so this technically does the job but it's stinking huge and the locks work too well in that it's a pain to open up to get more things plugged in so i guess it's best to use it for power that you won't need to touch for a while
i wouldn't call this much of a safety product.
the plastic is very flimsy and the locking tabs aren't that hard to open.
i would expect a better quality product from something marketed as a "safety" item.
it's fine as a deterrent, but nothing i would waste money on again.
daughter saw it once, wanted to play with it.
she gave up shortly thereafter when she couldn't get in.
it doesn't work for huge plugs (like our roku), but will work with every other tv/stereo/cable/etc component we have!
she tried to turn everything on/off again and found out she couldn't and now she stays away from that area!
a total life saver and pretty sound product!!
this is a must have for parents!
what baby doesn't head straight for the power strip?
there are a series of little pegs that must fit into little holes to get it to latch.
now you would think that that's the point of the power strip cover, right?
except the hole that allows the cords to come out the top is so wide that my 9 month old just sticks his hand right inside and can put a finger in the socket.
it does come w a couple outlet plugs for the extra slots in your power strip, i was just hoping this would work a wee bit better.
if all you really need is to prevent your child from unplugging things from your power strip, than this will work for you.
this does what it needs to do.
it's a bit ugly, but keeps our daughter from playing with the plugs.
we ordered another one already.
i have one power strip this doesn't fit, but i bought a few and it suits the other ones just fine.
check the dimensions before assuming this will work on your strip.
other than that, it's very secure.
the opening on this is too narrow to accommodate iphone/ipod/macbook adapters.
if the cover were taller, it wouldn't be an issue because the whole adapter could fit inside, but it's not.
it's just too short, even for the smallest of the apple adapters.
so i had to return this anyway, but if i'd kept it, i would only have wanted to use it for a power strip that i never need to add/remove plugs on -- the tabs to open the cover are a serious pain...and ironically would be easier to open if my hands were smaller.
we have a very active 8 month old girl, so we decided to buy 3 of these to cover the connectors, was very easy to put it on.
would highly recommend this product
i have a basic single row power strip, and i couldn't shut the smaller side door or it would depress the power switch... therefore making this completely useless to me.the snap buttons are hard to open and close, so it would be good to keep little fingers out, but i just couldnt use it for my power strip.the stip i have is similar to this one,&lt;...>but not exactly the same.
not very easy to open and close, which is great for baby proofing but not good if it's something you want to unplug frequently.
this is a giant pain to apply and so hard to open--which makes it a great baby proofing product, but not very user friendly.
make sure whatever you have plugged into the strip is going to stay there for a long time and isn't something that needs to be unplugged often.
the bottom portion opens easier than the top, also.
easily contains our power strip and multitude of plugs behind the tv.
not the most attractive solution, but it works.
i really like how this product hid the plugs and kept my son from unplugging/plugging the electronics.
it is very hard however for me to open it, but i guess that's the point.
this is supposed to keep your kids safe.
this is easily done even by myself through the top where the cords are supposed to come out.
a child can easily unplug anything inside the cover and get their fingers inside, which completely defeats it's purpose.
this is the best/cheapest for keeping little hands away from extension cords and looks better in person - it's white not beige
we are fortunate in the design of our computer desk.
instead of installing a power strip safety cover, i purchased an inexpensive tension safety gate (ten bucks) and pushed it way back under the desk against the wall with all the cords and boxes (routers etc.)
behind it.
keeps his little hands out of everything and i still have room for my chair & feet.
seems like nothing is perfect.
great idea.
doesnt work on plugs that are bulky and go sideways.
the reason i gave it a 3 stars is because two reasons.one the wires come out the top making it hard to put them in a cord hider.
would be better if they had the wires group together out the side.
i saw a more expensive version of this that did that.
these have worked very well for us.
it is large enough to cover all the bulky plugs we have plugged into the strips as well.
i was surprised to read another reviewer found this too small.
i think the cover should work for most single-wide power strips; it probably wouldn't work for a powerstrip with two rows of outlets.
i now own at least five of these.
it does not keep fingers out and it also doesn't fit larger plugs.
i do not recommend it to anyone.
i had difficulty opening the part where the outlets go but that's a good thing cause i wouldn't want my little guy to be able to get to them easily!
its dimensions are fixed at 14" length, 2-3/4" wide, and 3-1/4" high (except for the 4" at the power strip cord end which is only 1-3/4" high).
the slot where the cords for the equipment come out is 1/2" wide and 7-5/8" long.
when closed, the hole for the power strip cord is 1-1/8" by 1-1/2".
i like the fact that you can simply open the 4" cover to flick the power strip switch on and off.
it does organize the wires better, so although he could still play with them, he's less interested, and i have time to pick him up and put him somewhere else without there being a hazard.
however, he could get his fingers into the gap if he wanted to, but i don't think that's a problem currently, maybe when he's older there could be potential for getting fat fingers stuck.
also,maybe he'll be able to open it in the future, but the latches seem stiff at least for the initial few months, making it hard even for me to open!
it allows many different shape plugs, but sometimes companies make strange shapes so those don't fit, which is annoying, and there is probably no product on the market to allow for those odd shapes.
at the moment i'm happy with this product and after a month trial, i bought another two for elsewhere in the house.
it's somewhat hard to snap and unsnap together.
but that's the point, right?
i would recommend this to anyone looking to either conceal their outlet strips or babyproof their home.
i'd move along if i were you.
while this does the trick there are better products out there.
this is not the saftey strip you've been looking for.
i'd had issues with my daughter crawling around and unplugging, or turning off power strips if she got to them.
this makes them very secure.
for where we needed this it didn't work do to the plug's we had in the outlets the cover wouldn't fit.
again my 15 month old has lost interest in even trying to mess with it.
this is one of the worst products created for child safety.
it didn't fit our standard power cord, the front section opened really easily (actually had a hard time getting it to stay closed) and once we opened the back section to plug things in, couldn't get the back section closed again.
definitely big enough for my 9-month old to stick her fingers in, which is kind of the opposite of its purpose.
i sent it back and moved around furniture to hide our power cords instead.
we got this for the power strip in our livingroom by our tv.
but there also lies the problem with this.
the clips on the side are not easy to reattach.
so as long as you don't plan on opening and closing this a lot then it works great.... but if you need a cover over a strip that you need to access a lot, then this one will most likely frustrate you quickly!
it was a pain to get all three clasps to close the first couple of times, but once you get the hang of it, it's not that bad.
and i had to use a tie wrap to keep the cords together so i could close it.
the slit on top is just big enough for them to stick their fingers in, but they included 3 or 4 outlet covers so they can't play with the unused outlets.
i hate having to take the time to pry the thing open every time i need to plug something in, but i'll take the hassle over my kid shocking himself.the main downside to this product is that it only fits standard plugs.
my mom couldn't plug in the box for her clicker lamp and i can't plug in my cell phone charger, or any other bulky plug.
if it accommodated those types of plugs, i'd give it 5 stars.
overall, i'd still recommend it to others.
it's not flimsy to me at all.
maybe because the carpeting in our apartment stabalizes it, but it's perfect.
i also think it's very pretty - it brightened up the room.
i just love it.
makes me want to further decorate the room for the baby.
perfect height for me as well and plenty of storage room.
i do wish the pad furnished was a bit thicker and softer but it's sufficient.
i like how it's covered in smooth vinyl so we can clean it very easily.
great table for a great price!
i purchased this changing table in the summer of 2002 (my baby was due in sept) i put it together very easily by myself.
when i read the directions i was disappointed when it said to only use this table for babies up to 20lbs (i was having a 10lb baby) so i didn't think i would get much use.
i couldn't afford a more expensive one so i kept it.
old and weighs 35lbs and we are still using it!!!!
yes, the middle shelf has a little sag in it (very little) but other than that it's perfect!!!
after reading some other reviews, i can't believe how many other people don't like it.
i'm using it till it can't support my son anymore and gives out but no problems yet.
i store toys and diapers on the other shelves.
i would highly recommended this table and it's so affordable too :-)
i bought this changing table at a used baby store because i recieved the crib as a hand me down.
there are no problems.
it's very sturdy and durable for the price.
i have the shelves loaded up with alot of things and no problems at all.
the shelves are made of a type of posterboard wood but they are sturdy.
the pad that came with it is very thin and cheap so i purchased a better one.
fits almost everything we need for clothes, and we have a diaper depot hanging off the side to fit all the changing table items.
:)
i was going to get the "spindle" changing table from pottery barn kids but found this one, at about 1/3rd of the price.
this one is even better b/c of the rail that goes around the actual changing area.. i do recommend a contoured changing pad with a comfy cover.
i did get the baskets from pbk to store stuff neatly on the shelves.
the only complaint that i have is that the shelves are basically hard cardboard, but dont let that discourage you b/c they really are sturdy and as i mentioned i've got baskets on the shelves so you really dont notice.
since she is my last i didnt want to spend a ton but i did want good stuff.
i love this table.
i don't know what everyone else is doing with it, but i've had no problems with it falling apart.
it was not difficult to assemble but you did need two sets of hands.
i store all our diaper-changing items on the top shelf in baskets, and then diaper bags go on the bottom shelf.
we've been using ours now for 4 months and i have no complaints.
)-one thing to consider: colors online are very different than in person...i found that the pictures online show darker, richer colors.
i have 2 blue covers and one each of the yellow and white.
the blue and yellow are much, much lighter in person (they appear to be very pastel); i find them more appealing!like i mentioned, i have four of these covers.
they are fantastic and i recommend them to everyone.
buy more than one though, because they definitely get dirty quickly--i think i changed mine every day for the first 2-3 weeks that my son was home!
we have four of these covers- one blue, two green, and a yellow.
this somewhat reduces the frequency of cover washings.
some people have noted that they find these covers unnecessary- i'm sure the changing pad would be adequate by itself, but i just feel like the whole area is cleaner when i can throw the cover and pad into the laundry.be advised that all our covers did shrink slightly after washing.
this item is serviceable and probably something you could buy to use to basically get ruined without stressing about it.
the terry used for these is very cheap and scratchy, like an old towel.
i am using them but am not fussed on how long they last or what happens to them, i won't be buying any more though.
you don't strictly speaking need a cover, it's easier if you don't use one.
i never used covers with dd and never had a problem.
washed it once according to directions & it shrunk beyond belief!
didn't even use it once!
don't bother!!!
it's very soft and fits well with our pad, which was made by another company.
another viewer was right about the lack of slits to pull the straps through to hold the baby.
he hates it more if we use them and he's more still if we don't.
overall, we like this cover, especially for it's cost.
do exact what they are intended to do.
very convenient.
they get rid of half my washing since i don't have to wash bottles.
they're a lifesaver
i've been using the playtex drop in system since my daughter came home from the hospital and i love it.
i have never had a problem with them a must have for new mothers
haven't used these yet because i haven't had the baby but looking forward to it!!!
i can buy them cheaper somewhere else but still good product it seems like!!
they save time and don't leak - like the standard bags sometimes do.
however i will only buy the generic ones from now on since they are so much cheaper!
you can get both sizes at walgreen's, walmart and target.
save your money!
you can remove all of the air from the liner so it minimizes ingestion of air.
initially we were hesitant/worried to use this system since we solely breastfeed for 5 months.
we use this in conjunction with our medela breast pump.
i was under the impression that the liner collapsed as baby was drinking, but that is not the case, so i'm not sure how this system is any different than a normal empty bottle.the only thing it makes easier is cleaning, since i can just drop the liner in the garbage and use another one next time.
never had a problem with them.
i don't get the purpose of these since the air goes right back in during the feeding(got the special playtex nipples and bottles).
also, the store brand ones do the same thing for half the price.
these drop-ins are okay - they are not an improvement over an ordinary bottle.
yes, i can simply throw these liners away after using them, but since i still have to wash the bottle's nipple, this system does not save me any time.
i use these liners in conjunction with my bottle warmer and they don't melt, which is good.
however, the amount of spit-up is the same - not better, but also not worse.
i have some dr. b brand bottles.
but when i was a first time mom, i hated washing bottles and parts.
it didn't take much time, but still it took time.
so i switched to playtex drop-ins bottles.
yay!
now i have my 2nd child.
playtex drop-ins is the only one i use.the liners are expendable.
it designed for the bottle.
it's durable and doesn't have plastic smell like other generic brand i used once.please note: if you want to use generic brand liners, you fill water to the water lines on the liner instead of the marks on the bottle itself.
i am a big proponent of the playtex bottle liner drop-ins.
cleaning bottles becomes limited to cleaning nipples -- a far less difficult task.
these are so easy.
i just have to wash the nipples.
the only complaint i have is that i pre-fill with water and dump in the formula when i'm ready, but when i put in the 8 oz.
and let the bottle sit for a while, the bag expands a little so it only looks like i have 7 oz.
so the measurements may be a little off.
i would use a measuring cup to make sure you get exactly how much water you want and not rely on the liner's measurements.
we have twins so when purchasing products, it was all about investing money in things that would make our lives simpler.
these drop-ins work really well for the bottles.
the bag collapses as they consume the contents, which supposedly improves problems with gas but i'm not sure this system accomplishes it better than any others.
the real savings is the manpower and time necessary for cleaning.
these don't come cheap so i don't think there is any cost savings associated with this versus buying a boat load of bottles.
since these are used for only minutes and then tossed away , and never heatedto a dangerous level, the baby is safe and colic etc .
only glass bottles are safer but they do not reduce colic..so i choose theseused them on 2 healthy kids and loved them
couldn't find this in stores around my area.
but i've used this before and they're great.
it's convenient and it minimizes the need for a lot of bottles and best part is they're disposables.
i never had problems with this drop-in liners before although i did read another review that there's another liner that can be used with the drop-in nurser bottles, just as good if not more effective, cheaper and more count.
there is less washing needed during the day as the bottle doesn't get dirty.
i have never had an issue with these and was happy to find them on amazon!p.s.
it was cheap and saves a step!
they are a quick and easy way to ensure a sterile container for my milk.
i have never had a problem with them leaking except for one time when i was squeezing the air out, squeezed a little too hard and pop!
i learned my lesson- squeeze gently, if at all.
they are a bit pricey for plastic bags but the convenience factor makes up for it, imho.
the amount markings on the bags are a bit hard to read and don't really line up with the markings on the nurser shells, so the only way i can tell how much my lo has taken is to pour out and measure the leftover milk.
otherwise, this is a great product!!
i recycle the plastics and i don't have to wash the bottles.
these leak and don't colapse use the older rolled liners they do not leak.
i would recommend these to anyone and i'm picky so you know they are good.
what's to say, they do they're jobdrop-ins are straight forward and they get from me a nodthough at times they feel like a wastebut saving time not cleaning puts a smile to my facethese do 4 ounces, but when you get to 4 ounces it's probably better to just go to the 8 ouncers becase you have to remember that you need to put in formula into the water and it's nice to have some space to mix the formula.
seems to help with my son's colic.
be sure to push the air out once the bottle is put together and formula/breast milk is it.
we used it until he was eating around 6oz a serving.
i tried avent and dr. browns before switching to playtex drop ins.
i liked all three but playtex drop ins are so easy!
if you feel the nip, sounds weird!, it has a texture to it that other bottles don't.
most bottles nips are pretty "hard" unless you go latex...which scared me because i didn't want to find out the hard way that my baby had a latex allergy!
anyway, the silicone nip on the playtex nursers is much softer and pliable so the baby can kind of pull on it as she wants to.
it's great!
hopefully this review is not too strange :)
these drop in liners are worth every penny.
with my twins, the daycare goes through lots of bottles each day.
these are so easy to &#34;load&#34; into the bottles and have never fallen out, burst, leaked, etc.
so much easier to clean than other bottle systems.
just press in the liner from the bottom.
we are currently supplementing with formula and only using 2oz per feeding in a 4 oz liner, and it is still easy to remove the air.with the ring and nipple loosely on the bottle we carefully press on the liner from the bottom until the liquid level nears the top of the liner.
then we tighten the lid and continue to press any remaining air out through the hole in the nipple (be careful when pushing up on the liner before tightening the lid as liquid can easily overflow).
when i am home, i use the born free bottles.
when i travel, i use the playtex disposable bottles.
i have no idea why i spent so much money on avent (leaks all the time and too fast flow) and dr. brown's (difficult to clean).
i love this disposable liners because i just discard them after use, which is awesome when you have a baby to take care of.
i use these when i have to pump a bottle for travel.
they are handy, easy to use and i love that you use them and then toss them right in the trash.
good price for the amount.
i've been using these liners since my baby was 3 months old.
they work great, they don't leak, and they make my life so much easier.
i would take a box of liners, only about 3-4 drop-ins nursers, and about a dozen extra nipples and caps for a 3 day trip.
with my older kids i had to lug a whole plastic bin full of bottles plus the microwave sterilizer when we went on trips!
some people say that these drop-ins did not keep a good seal, but i found that those individuals were trying to push all the air out through the nipple and the pressure is what broke the seal.
if you want less air just press some of the air out before putting the ring on.
pressing all the air out is unnecessary.
the liner does its job without pressing all the air out.
i loved them because i didn't have to buy replacements and it did the same job!
using these for my grandson.
they are easy and convenient!
i'm not sure how they would do with mixing of formula, but it seems it may not be so easy because seeing exact measurements are rather difficult.i recommend these to everyone!
no problems with excess gas and you know you are getting a fresh, clean liner everytime!
i've been using the playtex drop-ins since my daughter was born and she never had much problems with her bottle.
no upset stomachs (i think she may have had 2 ever and she is now 19 months old) and spit ups were uncommon.
i know it's added cost and waste, but i am not willing to give up the convenience and how well they work for us.
much easier than traditional bottles.
also, they do seem to cut down on the gas.
i've tried other brands of drop-ins and playtex is the best.
i won't try another brand.
and you can't beat the price on amazon (for 100).
we used the playtex drop in bottles for our daughter and i do not have one bad thing to say about them.
they made my life a lot easier by cutting down on the washing of bottles.
you just drop in the liner and throw it away after feeding and the only thing you have to wash is the nipple.
we used the madela bottles at first but she was having a few problems (too much air) but we did not have any issues with these.
one diaper, one bottle, and no college fund.
i'm so glad we did!
we've been using the 4 ounce liners for 4.5 months now and we have never had one leak or break.
i've used the 8-10 ounce liners a few times as well with no issues.
for those curious about measurements, it's very close to the measurement on the medela bottles i pump into and nuk bags.
sometimes after pouring milk into the liners they will expand just a tad more once the weight of the milk pushes the crinkles out, but it's not a large amount at all.
i've used the 4 oz up and up target brand liners as well, but when these are on sale at babies r us they are usually cheaper than buying the generic from target.
my only issue is when i put the liner in and use the bottle to measure- it's slightly off so i have to pull the liner out and check the (example) 6oz mark and i am using the bottles that are made for expandable liners so something is off and i like to be as precise as possible...
it's  not that big a deal but i wish the bottle lines and liner matched perfectly.
i don't have much time to go out shopping for things we need with a new baby.
the playtex bottles are easy since there's no real cleaning everyday - the liners just pop in and out!
the price here is just as good as walmart but it comes right to my door without the walmart craziness :) would recommend for sure!
no problems with leaking or anything...
i have been lucky to always receive liners that are intact and work just like they are suppose to.
these work well for childcare providers to transfer warmed milk into.great price and easy to use.
i measured 8 ounces in a measuring cup, then poured it in the liner, and it was a little below the 8 ounces mark on the liner.
i tried it again with a different measuring cup and received the same result.
you can not put the liner in the bottle first to fill it up, because the measurements on the bottle do not match up with the measurements on the liners, my husband always has a hard time filling up the liners because it is hard to hold it and add water since they expand.
also, the numbers on the liner are very hard to read.
i've been using these for almost a year and they are great.
it's nice to not have to clean the inside of the bottles every night.
we've had very minimal leakage issues.
and i do think there is something to playtex's claims that it reduces gas/air.
also not terribly expensive over the long-run.
i started using these when my baby was 1 month old.
its great to not have to scrub bottles all the time!
and i believe it helped w/ her colic.
i go through these quickly, so i get a couple boxes at a time.
worth the price; and that price is better than the price in the store.
the small cost of reusable liners is far overshadowed by their convenience.
i prefer buying them from amazon, because they are must cheaper than the store.
you get more for your money.
you don't have to worry about your child getting air in the bottle.
i would highly recommend these to others!
playtex drop in suystem is what any decent lactation consultant will recommend.
it is by far the slowest slow out there.
i bought these for a cheap price on amazon, but when i ran out i purchased the "generic brand" at wal-mart for a few dollars cheaper than the playtex brand, they work just as well, and do the same thing.
the liners no longer match up and it's hard to see the numbers.
we decided to scrap it all and go with another brand completely, unfortunately.
i love these, however the measurements are inaccurate.
other than that i love the convenience!
then i came upon these playtex nursers with disposable liners, and now i only use a regular bottle if i have to.
valuable time has been saved, now that i'm using these things instead!the only caution i have for others out there is to be very aware of the measurements.
i noticed the difference when i poured 5oz of pre-measured milk that had been stored in a milk storage bag, and when it was in the playtex bottle, the bottle indicated only 4oz of fluid.aside from needing to be more conscious of the measurements, this bottle liner system has been a life changing discovery for my household.
i use the playtex nurser and tried two different generic brands (walmart and babies-r-us) of the bottle liners.
i was unhappy with both, and ended up coming back to these, even though they are a bit more expensive.
i like that they collapse more easily than the generic, which seem more &#34;molded.&#34;
it is very easy to just drop in a sterilized liner and clean the nipple.
very quick and easy to get a feed in.
i can't go with anything else except for dr. browns bottles, i do have those also.
when used with the slow flow nipple and the breast pump adapter kit this is the closest to breastfeeding as you can get.i bought the breast pump adapter kit and now i pump in these bags and never have to use a bottle holder at all.no more milk transfer from bottle to bottle, and no more air at all.
you can squeeze all the air out of these liners.take a look at the images to see step by step how i connect this to my pump kit and using the adapter rings and caps store, and feed without the need for the nurser bottle to mimic as close to mommy breastfeeding as possible.
for medical reasons my baby could not latch and this allowed me to bond with my daughter and have gas free feedings and be literally as close to breast as possible.
i have wasted so much milk using these drop-ins.
i bought a box of the 4 ounce and a box of the 8 ounce liners, and in both boxes there have been multiple liners with holes in them and my milk has ended up all over my counter.
any pumping mother knows that it is perfectly reasonable to cry over spilled breast milk, and believe me, i've done that many times.
i've tried to be good about pouring in just a little bit of milk so that if there is a hole, i'll only waste a little bit.
but, come on, i'm sleep deprived, and stressed and sometimes i forget, and i end up with 6 ounces of milk on my kitchen counter, and i shouldn't have to check like that for a product i've paid for.
no good.out of a box of 100 liners, i would say about 1/4-1/3 have holes in them or leak.
that's quite a lot; we're not talking one or two here.
unfortunately, i've invested in playtex bottles and playtex nipples, so now i have to spend even more money buying a whole new bottle feeding system because i cannot afford to spill breast milk every fourth time i go to fill up a bottle.
i'm extremely disappointed at having wasted so much money on this system and so much time pumping milk just to pour it on the kitchen counter.
i would not recommend.
i have been using those for months and will keep using them.
they are convenient because it is easy to prep a per-sterilized bottle without having to worry about cleaning bottles.
i usually rotate with 4 nipples so i always have at least one clean to put on the bottle and it is ready.the bags don't seem to collapse as the milk is drunk.
this might be more an issue with the bottle itself than the drop-in.first few times i wasn't careful in positioning the drop in and ending up pouring the most of the milk on baby due to a bad leak.
after doing that twice i was more careful in positioning the drop-in.conclusion it is a great idea, time saver on cleaning.
so easy to use and not as much clean-up afterward.
just pop liner in the bottle, add water and powdered formula, shake and you are good to go.
drop in liners do make bottle cleaning so much less time consuming then before.
too bad playtex is quite expensive.
i've found that most store brands work just as well and at a fraction of the cost.
i have been using these for 5 months, since my daughter was born and they are perfect.
i have not had any problems with these and they are so much safer and sterile than a plastic bottle.
i think the only thing that could come close to being as good is glass bottles.
my precious baby isn't nearly as gassy either.
these are a godsend.
playtex bottles were the only ones we used and the drop in liners saved us time on dishes which to me was worth the extra expense.
we use these whenever we are away from home (take up less room in a diaper bag or suitcase) took her a while to get used to the nipple on the bottle.
but she's pretty easy to feed.
if there's food in it, she'll figure out how to use it,lol.
i am pleased with the price of these, they are more expensive in stores.
i like the whole playtex drop-ins system.
i have less to clean up with these, which allow me more time to spend with my baby.
love these bottles, but baby seems to drink faster with these nipples.
doesn't leak as long as you line up the arrows.
we were shopping one night and decided it would be easier to buy formula, liners and diapers from amazon than going to the store.
i didn't realize it would save us money also!
so far i really like.
this product has not leaked and since my baby girl is growing this is perfect for water and formula.
however, some of the liners were very squished and collapsed already while in the box.
so i had to stretch them out so i could put the formula in.
no biggy, but just odd.
these are convenient and worth the money.
i recycle them too after use and rinsing.
good product.
let me tell you something, it's worth it!!
these liners are much better then the bags: it is easy to use, and save lots of time on cleaning bottles!
the yin and yang of disposable liners is having to keep buying more.
i have used disposable drop-in liners from multiple stores (wally-world, the bullseye store, & various drugstores) and find that they all work just as fine as these playtex ones do, but at half the price.
i like that the playtex liners are thinner feeling, meaning the liner collapses better inside the bottle when baby is drinking...but even with the others feeling like a thicker plastic, they work as well.
playtex, come down in price and you'll get 5 stars instead of only 4.
these liners are a great idea in theory.
the measurements are a nightmare, i have to guess how much breastmilk i am pouring in the bottle.
the only thing that helps is that i pour it in from a lansinoh storage bag and that gives me a better idea of how much i am putting in.with regards to leaks and the liner lip pulling free and falling out, i only experienced that with the 4oz liners but that was because i was overfilling them.
however i am always worried about this happening so i screw the nipple on very carefully.
it would be great if the nipple ring was clear so you could see if the liner is on the verge of pulling free or not.
i used these with my first daughter 8 years ago.
you do not have to sit and wash bottles constantly.
the baby will also have less gas since there is little to no air to contend with.
the only difference with these are that they are expandable.
i will be using them to store breast milk for when i go from breast to bottle as baby gets older so the expansion won't affect me any.
i recommend these liners for everyone.
i have had no issues of them leaking, as long as they are put on properly.
the number on the drop ins don't exactly match up with the numbers on the bottle.
makes cleaning super easy - since you don't need to sterilize the bottle every time you use it.
the liner and the nipple are the only things that come in contact with milk - the liner is disposed off after one use, and the nipple can be easily sterilized.this system works particularly well when traveling.
i introduced these to my son when he was 2.5 months old and we were on a flight for 16 hours.
i simply took 2 nurser bottles, lots of liners, and many nipples.
made cleaning super easy on the flight - and gave me the piece of mind that everything was sterilized.
the biggest advantage was that my luggage was a lot less bulky (as opposed to traveling with 8 glass bottles).the only downside: the 1 oz, 2 oz, 3 oz etc markings on the nurser are not correct.
the playtex system works well with my medela breast pump - you will need to buy these liners, plus a set ofplaytex drop-ins system breast milk storage kitplaytex storage rings (which these liners drop into).
that kit comes with an adapter that fits on a medela pump.
the whole system is convenient and easy to move from frozen storage to feeding simply by dropping these liners into a bottle, and you can buy either latex or silicone tips for your bottles.
the thin plastic allows the milk to heat up easily by submerging in warm water before feeding.
overall, very convenient and in almost 7 months of pumping, i never had a leak!
they definitely cut down on gas and are such a time saver!
out of the whole box of 100 that i purchased twice none of them leaked!
this saves so much more time with bottle cleaning.
sure, you have a spend a little more to buy these liners but it's definitely worth it when i think of the time i save not having to wash bottles.
(can you tell i hate washing bottles?)
i love the concept of these bottles and liners, but they are not a good choice for babies with colic.
this product works directly with our medela breastpump with the use of adapters that come with the breastpumping kit.
it is nice not to have to transfer the breast milk from one container to another.
i cannot comment on the freezing aspect since i did not make enough milk to be able to freeze.
the best part about this system is that we are sure that the container holding the milk is clean- we just don't trust a regular plastic bottle to come completely clean.
all in all, we recommend this product.
it did exactly what i wanted.
these things work really well for storing milk.
easy to fill, and disposable.
i would still buy them and use them again on my next child.
we were told about the playtex bottle by our lactation nurse.
she recommended it because we were having trouble breastfeeding and she said these bottles wouldn't cause too much nipple confusion.
they work great, we don't have to worry about washing the bottle every time.
just put a liner in and you're ready to go.
we've used these (and the four-oz size) every feeding since he was brought home 5 months ago.
such a time saver for clean up and disinfecting.
we couldn't live without!
i don't know where i would be without these.
easy to "drop-in" and you just throw it away.
i love that it's always ready to go and that i don't have to clean a bottle and a brush and make sure that everything is clean inside.
you can even heat up the milk/formula just by putting hot water in a bowl and swishing the bottle around for about 30 seconds!
nothing special, but they do the job if you're careful.
people...please don't get ripped off.
i went to walgreens and got a large 50 count of underlayment pads that fit perfectly on our changing table for 3.99  please don't fall victim to the cute designs and baby marketing gimmicks.
these work...but you can get the exact same thing at your pharmacy for much much less.
these are very small in size and "paper-towel-like", kinda feel like napkins that are made with recycled paper.
i'd rather just use paper towel instead if i were to use these.
for us we now use the babies r us brand, they are much bigger and has a plastic feel to it, which is much more durable.
this was the best purchase!!
they are just like the paper they put under your chin at the dentist office - and they work great!!!
we use each one a few times - unless it gets dirty on the first use - then just toss it.
great to have in the diaper bag as well - don't feel so bad using the changers in the bathroom with these!!!
i love these and will be buying more.
i like that is made of tissue paper and nothing plastic.
i usually throw away the wet peewee pad right away so it doesn't have time to leak anyway.
these really are a lifesaver and save me from excess washing of the changing pad cover.
i only wish that amazon sold the 108 ct instead of just the 36 ct pack.
they are thin, but i like that as they are disposable, and i feel better about less waste.
i use them mostly out of the house, but occasionally use them preemptively for messy diapers at home, too.
they do rip easily, but you'll learn quickly how to handle them to avoid it.
better priced than most, too.
heats faster than boiling and more efficiently/safely than the microwave.
the only problem i've found is that the heating instructions included with the warmer are overestimated.
if you set it to a lower temperature (between 1 and 2) and let it warm longer, it's easier to prevent overheating.this warmer does have an on/off switch, but still no built-in timer (the oven timer works just fine).and as far as the bottle floating around during heating, you can put the bottle in before you add the water, and fill up the water to the same level as the liquid in the bottle to prevent uneven bobbing.my son is now 1-year-old and no longer uses bottles, but i still use this warmer for his refrigerated baby food and even to warm up a cup of milk for him.
well, i purchased this at a local store despite erroneous reviews found here.
its a great device, at first it seemed wasteful since i could just microwave some water (3 minutes), then soak the bottle until it warmed up (3 more minutes) but now i can just pop in a bottle and the whole thing is done in under 3 minutes.
if youve got an extra $40 i recommend it.
i find it easy to use.
unlike other reviewers, i have an on/off switch at the back.
i am not sure if it's a different model from theirs.the warmer heats the bottle evenly and i have had no problems.
personally, i think it beats the running water method (and is much faster).
that is the biggest drawback, though i am not sure how avent would change that, since if the warmer automatically shut off, the milk might get cold!
!the other issue some people have mentioned is that bottles float!
they only do that if you fill the warmer with too much water.
there is a max line for the water on the warmer and for smaller bottles you only fill water to slighlty above the level of milk.
it's convenient, easy to use, small and nice!!
i was slightly spoiled, so why not pass some of that on?i got this because it was one of those things i thought i had to have, not true, but is sure is nice.
i lost the little green insert screen, but this thing works great, even without it.there are also instructions for deliming the warmer if you have hard water, like i do.
it's not too difficult and can be done in 5 minutes.
i like the aesthetics of it and it lasted without a problem through my son's eating-at-night period.it may overheat the bottle if you don't monitor it, but it worked well for us.
i love all the advent products, but was a little disappointed with this one.
the bottle warmer, is maybe too good of a warmer, as it tends to overheat the milk even before the recommended time limit.
the timings really should be precise.
i couldn't breasfeed my daughter so she have been a formula fed since she was born...
so, for me this was a most have because i have to warm up my daughter's formula all the time.
the problem with this warmer is that you can't let it finish, because if you do it the formula will be normally too hot!
!...the solution: if you buy concentrate formula, just warm here the concentrate formula and after it's hot you could add the water...in this way is going to have the perfect temperature for your baby to eat...but if you use powder or ready to use you have to count the minutes and take out the bottle before it's done.
this warmer costs more than it's worth.
we have to stand there while it's &quot;warming&quot; a bottle until the light turns off and then when we check the bottle it's still cold.
on the other hand, if the bottle stays in a minute too long, the milk gets so hot that we have to set it in cold water.
there has to be something better out there!
but this never seemed to work the same way twice.
the formula was too hot and sometimes at 6 min.
it wasn't hot enough.
there was no rhyme or reason to it, we had it set the same way every time.
we used it for a month and then threw in the towel.
so we have used this bottle warmer for over 8 months now.
i have to say, with all the sleep deprived parents using this item, often in the middle of the night, you would think that avent would be wise enough to put an auto-shut-off feature on this little doohickey.
but, no.
i exclusively feed my baby breastmilk, and that stuff is like "liquid gold" (from what everyone has told me, and i'm inclined to agree), and i can't even tell you how often i have put a bottle in the warmer to warm it and then forgot it was in there for like 15 minutes.
the milk gets boiling hot in that time, and then it's useless and i have to pour it out because it's not supposed to be heated to boiling.
i know people are probably going to read this and wonder how one could forget that they put a bottle in the warmer, but now that our baby is sleeping through the night, it's more for when my husband is giving her a bath, i will get the bottle ready for him as he gives her a bottle after her bath and puts her to bed (his time with her during the week).
so many times i have forgotten it was in there and burned the milk, but also - and this is the really dangerous part - the light will shut off for like 30 seconds at a time (what they call "blinking", if you can believe that), and so often it will look like it's turned off when there is no bottle in it, but it isn't, and it will just keep heating the water in there until it's all gone.
we have found it on after a couple of hours away from it because we didn't notice the "blinking" light because it was off at the time, and there is no other indication that it's on from the front.
the switch is on the back and it's not clearly marked "on/off" either.
i can't imagine how it hasn't caught fire for other people or melted the plastic when the water is all gone.
thankfully, i have noticed it before the water was completely gone, but it was almost gone.
how unsafe!
anyway, i still use it because i haven't found one with an auto-off feature, but will be looking for one.
i have to set the timer on my microwave now whenever i put a bottle in because half of my brain cells disappeared when my baby was born apparently, and i'm way too distracted to remember it's on.
bad design!!!
i give 5 stars to all avent products.
i have had no problems, whatsoever, with avent.
it is fabulous.
however, if you don't pay attention, it will overheat the bottle.
it would really be helpful if there was a timer or auto shut-off because the water can become scalding.
i usually use the wide-neck bottles so i don't have the "floating" problem but the few times i did use the slim regular bottles and did experience the floating bottle.
we've always used the microwave (most of the time) or a jug of hot water (when a mircowave wasn't available) to warm our first two children's bottles of formula - this worked fine for us as we knew the exact time to make the bottle just right.unfortunately my third child had to spend some time in hospital when he was two weeks old.
what we learned from his nurses is that microwaves can 'zap' a lot of goodness out of your formula (the hosptial used a microwave as well until they were told this).
we also learned that the prescription only formula he now has to have tastes digusting when not kept very warm.hence our decision to purchase the avent bottle warmer.
what we like about it is that it is easy to re-warm our bottles during a feed when the need arises and keeps all the goodness in the formula.
the lack of an on/off switch is a bit annoying but we just turn it off at the plug.
the fact that the light goes on and off as it's keeping the water at a constant temperature is also a bit of a pain as at 2am in a dimly lit kitchen you can just assume you already turned off the plug when you haven't if the light is out.despite these negatives things, they far outweigh the advantages for us of keeping our son's formula nice and warm.
you really have to play around with it to know what temperature setting suits you best.
i thought the idea of a bottle warmer was a rediculous waste of money before i had my daughter.
i breastfeed, but have a hard time functioning in the middle of the night, so i pump during the day and warm a bottle for the baby in the middle of the night.
for three weeks i boiled water in a pot and held the bottle with metal tongs...not ideal for someone half asleep.
once we coughed up the money for this warmer i was a much happier, half-asleep mom.
it only takes about 8 minutes to heat a 5 oz.
bottle.
since the heating elements are on the bottom of the product, i would suggest swirling the bottle and testing the temperature before giving it to the baby, better safe than sorry.
cleaning of the product is ultra-easy as well, vinegar, water and some soak time and it's good as new.
my mom got me this for a present because it used to be that you had to heat your bottles for formula.
now you can feed the infants room temp, warmed, or cold.
i make the bottles as i feed so i feed room temp.
sometimes i buy the ready to feed and store the bottles in the fridge so i warm them, but honestly, it takes a lot longer to do that than to just make the bottles.i think that this warmer actually takes longer to warm the bottles than to just put the bottle under hot water.
just my opinion.
it services all types of containers, and of differing sizes too.
thus, it occupies very little room on the counter, or bedside table.
a plastic basket fits on the inside of the warmer, and is removable for larger items.
next to the dial is a power light, which serves 2 purposes.1.)
when the water reaches the correct temperature, the power light blinks "on" and "off" to indicate the water is ready.there is no on/off switch on this bottle warmer.
for that reason, one must unplug it after each use.
with a rather lengthy cord, 3 feet long, it is very adaptable.
by that, i mean it's lightweight; it weighs 1 pound, and is compact enough to fit in an overnight bag.
thus, i was thrilled to have a bottle warmer.
pop a bottle in the unit; plug it in, and in 5 minutes it's done.
how difficult is that?
moreover, now there's no more white, icky, stuff to clean off my pans.in all the time i used this bottle warmer, i never encountered any problems.
let me tell you, this unit got a workout in my house.
i think my success was actually due to reading the instruction manual.
okay, that's true, but it's also fair to say that i quickly learned to keep a timer when warming.
i overheated many bottles in the months i served warm milk, because i'd get distracted.
consequently, running a timer became apart of the routine.
if avent were to add an external timer, this would be extremely helpful to users.
i almost never used the coolest setting, only when thawing frozen breastmilk, and i only used the 2nd setting when warming disposable bottles.
i generally thawed breastmilk in the refrigerator, and i used disposable bottles when i was on the go ~ outside the house.here's another tip, adding an internal thermostat with an automatic shut off feature would seriously improve this product.
many have complained about the lack of an on/off switch.
i kept the express bottle & babyfood warmer on the kitchen counter so the lack of an on/off switch was never an issue.
had i kept it at my bedside this would have been a huge inconvenience; although, a power strip would solve that problem.
whether one turns off a switch or unplugs the unit either way this final step must be completed.
i can not tell you how many times i forgot to unplug this bottle warmer.
an hour might go by before i realized my mistake.
now that's a fire hazard!closing remarks:when it comes to bottles, avent is still my 1st choice.
i have learned through research that several manufactures have modified their bottle warmers to accommodate the avent brand.
i guess that goes to show... input from customers can, and does influence manufactures.
avent could make a few improvements to this bottle warmer, which would certainly increase the price.
however, i for one would be willing to pay for those added features.
would you?
while writing this review, i've debated how to rate this product.
i've opted to give this product an above average mark, because1.)
it did what it was supposed to do.
it accommodates plastic, glass, tin, and a myraid of bottles styles.3.)
warms disposable bottles, and bottle liners, and4.)
it saved me from the stovetop hassles.happy feeding,mary
i like this bottle warmer.
i use the dr. brown's bottles with it and they fit fine.
i haven't had any problems with uneven heating or anything like that.
i have even taken the warmer with me when we go to friends houses so i can heat up the bottles quickly.
i strongly suggest that you do not put the nipples on the bottles while they are in the warmer.
found that out the hard way.
other than that, i haven't had any problems or issues with the product.
i would suggest this to parents looking for a small warmer.
in the recommended time it was hot enough to leave blisters on my wrist when i tested it!
i didnt really care for this.
i couldnt tell when the bottle was ready and the light would go on and off and not warm the bottle or else get it to hot.
might be user error but i didnt care for it.
it does it's job.
who needs another thing to clean up when you have a little one around?
there are warmers that have specific compartments for warming jars of baby food, this one doesn't work well for jars, but then again, my son doesn't really like his food warmed up.
it's an o.k.
if you fill the water to high than it doesn't heat as well.
the water is supposed to be just at the level of milk in order for it to heat correctly.
a bottle of cold breast milk from the fridge is warm in about 4 minutes.
if you're warming room temperature formula it will be even faster, probably about 2 minutes.
i've had this warmer for 3.5 years, and have used it for both of my boys.
the only thing i don't like is that you have to add water almost everytime you use it, and that it doesn't have automatic shut-off.
i have burnt much milk and formula in my life!
(when you're chasing two kids, it's easy to forget you're cooking a bottle!)
and, there have been times, too, that i've forgotten to unplug it for hours at a time... my fault, i know, but another reason auto-shut-off would be great.
it does its job but it doesn't automatically shut off when the bottle is warm thus causing the bottles to be overheated sometimes.
it also is only good for avent bottles.
i have put dr. brown's bottles in there but you have to add more water for it to work.
i like it much better.
this thing is very hard to figure out.
one setting gets the bottle too hot too fast, try another setting for 15 min's and you still have cold milk!
i tried to use it for 3 months... finally gave up.
save the money.
sometimes we need to listen to our mom's and grandma's - they didnt have these and we turned out fine!
my sister-in-law told us not to register for this because she couldn't get it to work.
well, i wanted it and i registered for it anyway.
we got it and i decided to give it a try just to make sure it worked.
i used it the next time my friend came over with her newborn and it worked great.
just add a little water, throw in the bottle, and in minutes it was perfect.
my only suggestions would be to add an on/off switch and a timer.
but other than that, it's another great product by avent.
save your money.
you can heat a bottle faster under hot running tap water or by heating a bowl of water in the microwave and sitting the bottle in it.
it is expensive and it takes too long to heat a bottle.
it heats the milk evenly and to the same temperature as long as you follow the directions.but there should be a timer, or the light should turn off only when this is warm.
the directions are way too complex for a mum and a crying baby.
be more simple!
i first purchased another bottle warmer which i promptly returned because it did not work.
i read some of the other reviews of this product but can only say i've had no problems with this.
it's easy to use and always warms the bottle just right...not too hot, not too cold.
i'm very pleased with this product.
i was told that you can warm up water in the microwave or just put it in a bowl full of hot boiling water.
but, in the middle of the night after weeks of bad sleep, the last thing you want to do is exactly that!!
the only thing that i dont like of this product is that doesnt have an on/off switch.
i got this product as a combo with the avent sterilizer.
the biggest plus is it's faster to prepare.
the problem that i had with the bowl of water method is that i would over heat the water then have to do a cool down process.
i thought this product would help with that but it doesn't.
you can get the water to almost boiling.
you have to time it, but again, it's fast and ready to go in 6-7 minutes.
i used this for a short time.
it was more of a pain for us.i hated that you had to keep on top of it or you would never know how long it was in there.
a timer would have been nice (and cheap enough to add).i hated how i had to unplug it and plug it in every time i wanted to use it.yes, it may be the best there is out there, but that doesn't mean too much.
there is so much they could have done with this that they didn't.
oh well.
if you put the bottle/jar in the warmer first and then add the water, the bottle/jar will not float or tip over.
the light shuts off when done, but if you leave the warmer on, it will heat through another cycle.
it heats so quickly though, that you don't have time to get distracted and leave the bottle to get too hot.
it uses a coil to heat and i've heard that these type of heating mechanisms should be unplugged when not in use so that they won't get ruined, but there is an on/off switch on the back of the warmer if you'd rather just use that.
the warmer is small, convenient and easy to clean.
when i was pregnant with my first set of twins i felt that i could handle everything.
(i.e no exersaucer to babysit, not bouncers, no ridiculous toys, no uneeded baby products, and yeah, no sterelizer).
but he let me be stuborn and didnt purchase the sterelizer.
well after 2 1/2 years of boiling bottles, pacifiers, teethers and all that other stuff, i was going crazy.
when the second set of twins were on the way, i was ready.
i was going to buy baby wipes warmers, exersaucers, bouncers, swings, the aquarium crib soother and this sterelizer.
well this sterelizer is my hero (as well as my husband who forced me to get one!).
(actually it cleans 5 of the playtex airvent ones, but i use avent too).
i did breast feed so it also cleans avent pumps (and my friend managed to get another kind in one!).
this just makes sure its really clean, (my kids have maybe been sick 5-6 times, all four of them put together!)
like another reviewer i highly recomend to unplug it when not in use!
i will say it again, after boiling bottles and sippy cups and pacifires and teethers all night, register for this!
its a bit pricey but i can gaurentee that replacements for the bottles that you disintigrated while boiling and sleeping at the same time, and doctor visits and medicine for those odd illnesses due to unsanitary things that your child(ren) place in their mouth, will cost you more!
*** p.s...
it makes a great drying rack too!
this is a really great product... with just a little bit of water it sterilize everything really fast and it turn off by itself...and it's big enought to put almost everything you  want to...
i really prefer this one instead of the microwave one because the other one is smaller, what means that you have to spend more electricity because you have to sterilize more times!!!
and not even try to boil the bottles in the stove .... believe me, you would forget to turn it off... that has happend to me a thousand times in my mother's house!!
we started off sterilizing using the old-fashioned, boiling water in a pot...what a mess and waste of time!
standing over the boiling pot and risking steam burns ran out of fun very quickly.
after i got over the sticker shock for the sterilizer and got it home, i couldn't see how we survived before!
it's quick, easy and efficient.
new moms have enough to mess with, don't spend you few, precious moments each day waiting for a pot of water to boil, splurge on this item and you won't regret it!!
i have to say, i love this.
put your stuff in, add a little water then push a button.
truely a no brainer.
the only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that you do have to drain it after each use.
my freind didn't and something started growing in it.
put this time saver on you registry.
i was planning on breastfeeding but when that didn't work out, i found myself making formula everyday, sometimes twice a day.
two thumbs up for this product!!
it's definitely quick and easy and can hold a lot.
a bit pricey though for what is basically a steamer.
i own two, one for my house and one for grandamas.
you want to be sure your baby's bottles are sterile, but who has time to boil everything when you have a baby.
it has never leaked!
since we had twins we were going through a lot of dirty bottles.
i didnt want to put the bottles in the dishwasher with all the other dishes.
i didnt want to always have to boil the bottles on the stove either.
so we purchased the steam sterilizer and im so happy we did.
we have all avent bottles so i dont have a problem with bottles not fitting.
other reviews said the bottles were very wet when they came out...but if you think about it..they would be after all the sterilizing.
after mine are done i just put them on the bottle dry rack and let them dry.
its just like when you wash them in the sink but this way you know they are getting clean all over.
i think also that the dishwashers water gets hotter than this and does something to the nipples to the bottles.
ive had some friends who ran into shrinking nipples after putting them in the diswasher.
it only takes 8 mins.
im very happy with our purchase
i am primarily breastfeeding, but i thought this would be useful for sterilizing pump parts and the occasional bottles, etc..
i discovered medela microwave steam cleaning bags instead, and this thing went in the closet.
i feel badly for the waste of money...but the bags are so much easier!!!
and not space consuming.
plus you can use them during travel, at the office, etc..  much more cost efficient and useful!
i guess i was looking for a mini-dishwasher and it's not.. you still have to clean and then sterelize and fitting a lot in there is a bit like a puzzle.
if you mess up you have to start all the way over again.
overall it's an ok product.
but for the price and space it takes up on the counter i would think twice before making the investment.
this has to have been one of my favourite purchases for baby - along with the prince lionheart ultimate wipes warmer.
my husband and i had some controversy going initially on whether this was worth the money or not, and even he now admits that it is worth it's weight in gold in terms of convenience, ease of use and overall good value for money.
we keep a dish of soapy water in the sink and dump all bottles and binkys in there, rinse them off and load them into the sterilizer.
within minutes they are done and if you don't open them for a few hours they can stay in the unit until you're ready for them.
i know that many people say you don't strictly need to sterilize everytime but with this you can run it as often as you want, it's a godsend for breastpump parts and according to our pediatrician, sterilizing is better for baby for the first weeks when they are so susceptible to germs.
i would advise anyone thinking on this purchase to go for it.
i can fit my entire breastpump and up to 5 bottles in as well as pacifiers in one go.
it also has a warranty just by the way, so those who have complained it packed up within a year, you could have had it replaced free of charge!
i hated how the bottles were drenched after the cycle was complete.
i had to dry them on my other rack.
being they were wet when they were drying, seems like the sterilization got thrown out the window.
i used this for a while then i resorted to manually washing with antibacterial soap and real hot water.
has worked fine so far.
it's not a bad product per say, it just should really dry the items much better than it does.
my girlfriend boiled her bottles and i can't believe how much easier (and safer) this is!
this only takes minutes and no risk of steam burns!i also sterilized the avent breast pump and all of its parts in this sterilizer.
i've never done that...i'd rather sterilize the bottles and nipples and stuff using the steam from the water and not use detergents from a dishwasher...my baby's not even a month old yet...maybe after he's older, i'll use that feature as well.
it has three adjustable racks for bottles, nipples or other items.
you just put water in the bottom, your bottles (rinsed with warm, soapy water) in the racks, put on the lid and press the button to start it.
it is done sterilizing within ten minutes.
you have to clean it every so often by running it with citric acid (or vinegar) in there and since it has a coil heater, it should be unplugged when not it use.
basically, it requires very little maintenance when the alternative is boiling bottles on the stove which takes longer and your bottles may easily be ruined.
the bottles are usually still a bit wet when the sterilization cycle is done, but you can leave them in there to dry, or place them on paper towels (putting a paper towel over the top of the bottles helps keep them sterile).
the sterilizer also comes with little plastic tongs to grab things and keep them sterile, but i just use my clean hands and my baby has not had a problem.
perfect for breast pump accessories.
if you are breast feeding and/or pumping, you need something like this to clean all those pesky little teeny/awkward accessories.
but beyond that (as far as baby's bottles and bottle accessories/pieces, pacifiers, small plastic toys, etc.)
if you have a dishwasher it probably has an optional steam-dry cycle that works just the same as this microwave steam sterilizer.
we have a dishwasher and had a full term very healthy child, and still used this product.
lids and nipples tend to turn up in the dishwasher and retain water, and sediment..so what is point if i have to just rewash them?this sterilizer holds 6 bottles, nipples, tops, and pacifiers all at the same time.
you can put breast pump parts in it, and anything else that you need to sterilize.
i washed everything, filled this with the items and water, and popped it in at 6 minutes in our microwave to have perfectly clean and sterilized bottles, pacifiers, or breast pump parts.
i thought this would be a great way to get my bottles clean but you still have to scrub them clean first yourself, then prepare this thing to stick in the microwave for x-amt of time, then wait for it to cool.... too much to do prior to getting a bottle ready for a fussy baby!&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;if your baby has an immune promblem, then this may be great for you, otherwise, skip on this and just buy a nice bottle brush....
i like the one by munchkin.&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;but if you still decide to get this, check it in the store first, because when i got mine home it was used- it had obvisiously been returned (someone else thought it was useless too i guess) with milk residue on the bottles- yuck!
the concern with bpa seems to be heightened when the bottles are washed with hot water, or sterilized at hot temperatures.
we bought this sterilizer, but have stopped using it.
the nipples are designed so that you can graduate her to faster flow nipples as she gets bigger.
we are hoping that the bpa concerns will turn out to be unwarranted.
i bought this a few months ago and after reading a little about it, i thought that i wouldn't use it.
boy, was i wrong.
i use it for all sorts of things.my niece dropped a sippy cup of juice in my car that wasn't discovered for a week.
i washed the cup.
when i removed the valve...nasty.
i don't think it's ever been taken apart and washed.
after a second washing, i put all of the parts in this and let the microwave work it's magic.i love the lift out tray because whatever's in there that i'm sterilizing isn't sitting in the water.
it can also hold the avent isis breast pump.
the sterilizer is actually a great place to store your pump when it's just been cleaned and not in use.
this is a great product.
i leave it on the counter and throw in pacifiers, washed bottles, etc all day then throw in the microwave when full.
uses much less water and energy than running the dishwasher.
this product is a true time, not to mention life saver!
it completely cuts the time in half of boiling water.
if only it can hold more bottles.
i bought this sterilizer after trying to hand clean my breatpump - not feeling it was clean enough when i was finished.i haven't regretted it since.
it is so easy to use, so quick, and everything looks clean as well as being sterile.i use it for the pump as well as bottles.i throw my son's pacifier's in every once in a while as well - it works great!if you don't run your dishwasher everyday, you need this product!
just check with your dr., because some cities (like nyc) have water that is already sterile.
also, if you're breastfeeding, it's easy enough to boil water-- since you don't have to make as many bottles.
pricey.
i was not told by my doctor that i needed to sterlize my daughter's bottles, but i do anyway.
this thing is great.
it fits any type of bottle.
it takes only 4 mins to sterlize your bottles, nipples, pacifiers, etc.
i ama clean freak and ws parnoid from day one about germs and my first child.
i live in an area with hard water and boiling things was not reassuring because the water left deposits on our nonstick cookware.
i would wash her bottles and things , pop them in here and in the time it took me to finish cleaning the kitchen or toss some clothes in the dryer this would be done.
i could leave the bottles in there or take them out and prepare for use while sterilizing pacifiers and other items.
i use the avent system and love this!now that she is about 7 months i only sterilize once a week but this s so simple i do not regret my choice.
being a nurse i worried about my daughter catching something....this was just reassuring.great as a gift....
i am one of those without a dishwasher, unfortunately.
i use this sterilizer a few times a day for my baby's bottles and parts.
i have to agree about making sure it's shut/snapped properly.
you have to make sure it's just right before you snap -- otherwise, you will break a nail or two.
also exercise caution when taking it out of the microwave.
i always use an oven mitt to take it out and when opening the lid to avoid steam burns.
it doesn't get any easier than this product.
i have never used anything more in my entire life than i have this guy.
it sterilizes my avent breast pump as well.
as an aside, don't just rely on your dishwasher to sterilize your bottles and your breast pump.
well, i found out later that it was a great thing i was doing that because our dishwasher was not heating the water the way it was supposed to and nothing had been sterilized!
i'm glad i did!
plus, it's just so very easy to use.
it can also double as a place to store your bottles.
they leak and are awkward to hold.
put 7 oz of water and pop it in the microwave for 4 minutes and your done!
if you follow the instruction you can only fit 4 bottles, but i have been able to fit 5.not all babies need their bottles sterilize but if you want to be safe than sorry this is an awesome product!
i had an electric steraliser (which died) before buying this one.
i wish i had had this steraliser all along.
it's so easy to load up, everything fits snuggly and has it's place (i had trouble with bottles falling over in my electric steraliser), and extremely easy to wash and keep clean (the electric steraliser was a pain to clean - especially the element).as we use avent bottles - 4 fit perfectly and are steralised in 8 minutes (our microwave isn't very powerful).
from the instructions it looks like other bottles fit easily as well.i use this daily and haven't had a problem with it - easy to use, easy to secure the lid and i use it for my bottles and dummies.recommended if you are using bottles and especially the avent brand.
four minutes in the microwave.
fits four bottles in the center and nipples, etc.
works best with distilled water- less residue- but tap water is fine too.
to the grandparents' house.
if they've got a microwave, then you're ready to go.it's also very durable.
ours gets lots of use every day and yet looks like it just came out of the box brand new.
this sterilizer is so easy to use even a dad like me can use it.
the tray holds all types of bottles, caps, etc.
best of all, the bottles are clean and sterilized in four minutes, without boiling water or running a half-full dishwasher.i know, the price seems high, but this is one luxury that is truly a necessity.
i use it several times a day for pacifiers, baby bottles, and breast pump bottles.
it couldn't be easier than popping things in the microwave for 5 minutes and knowing that your baby is getting sterilized items.a word of advice- be careful about removing it from the microwave.
the water inside and the steam can scald if you are not cautious.
let it sit for a few minutes before opening, because the water can splash when opening the lid.
a friend of mine got some of the bottles and the breast pump at her baby shower.
it's just much more convenient for her.
takes much less time than the alternative!
i really like using this product.
it makes sterilizing your baby products so much easier.
let's face it, who is going to go and boil a pot of water everytime you needs to sterilize stuff (which is every day when you have a baby!
)buy this simple to use product which will help to keep your baby healthy!
no more plugs to plug in or pots to boil.
just pop it in the microwave and walk away.
definatly worth buying!
very easy to use (i even use it to sterilize my yogurt jars for the yogurt machine !
), and quick (3min in all) : it's a great product !
portable and easy to use.
only need water and the microwave to kill the germs.
if it fits inside with lid snapped shut then you can steralize it like me.
remember do not force it to close as that will run seal.
it's the best way to go!
regardless of whether or not you have  a healthy full-term baby, sterilizing the toys that may have been handled by other children or licked up by the dog is essential to keeping your already healthy baby healthy!
boilng is a good alternative but not everything can be safely boiled and some hot water doesn't cut it for me.
do yourself and your child a favor and purchase a sterilizer.
i bought the express microwave steam sterilizer to save time, and money.
oh, and i mean use.
sometimes i ran the dishwasher 3-times a day just to clean bottles.
i live in the desert, where water is precious.
we pay handsomely for every drop that passes through our pipes.
when i saw this sterilizer sitting on the shelf at target, i snagged it.1.)
it requires a small amount of water, and2.)
it sanitizes in less than 10-minutes.i thought to myself, &#65533;how can i go wrong?&#65533;this appliance is user friendly, so to speak.1.)
there is no other way to put the thing together.2.)
loading can be confusing if the instructions are not followed.
add the proper amount of water to the base every time.
do not skimp on the water, as it could cause the unit to burn.
do not over-fill it either, as the unit may not produce enough steam to work.that said ~ it&#65533;s really quite simple to use.
pour 7-ounces of water in the base, load the rack, and pop it in the microwave.
of course, it depends on the wattage of your microwave.
smaller microwaves may require more time, but that&#65533;s all there is to it.
i learned the hard way to wait before taking the sterilizer out of the microwave.
very hot!
the contents inside the unit will remain sterile for up to 3-hours given that the lid remains closed.
there will be lots of condensation on the bottles, similar to the dishwasher before the drying cycle begins.
place all the bits and pieces on a drying rack, or hand-dry them.when my son was a newborn, i used the express microwave steam sterilizer at least 4-times a day.
i cleaned bottles, nipples, breast pump parts, and pacifiers.
later on, i used the sterilizer on some of his toys.
be careful, not all toys are dishwasher safe.
we took many trips when william was an infant, and this unit made traveling easy.
it provided a safe place to store the breast pump, and it worked in every hotel microwave we encountered.
i don&#65533;t recall exactly when i stopped using the sterilizer.
it was probably soon after will started solid foods.
at any rate, this sterilizer was seriously tested in our home.
i never had any problems, except the occasional burn to my hand when i opened the lid too early.
bad mommy, bad!i can safely say the express microwave steam sterilizer was worth its weight in gold.
the express microwave steam sterilizer turned out to be one of the best purchases i made the year my son was born, and i will happily recommend it to anyone.happy feeding,mary :)
while we agree that a sterilizer isn't really needed, we liked having this one when we wanted to quickly sterilize our daughter's bottles.
it also sterilizes other pieces like breast pumps, etc.
i got this sterilizer after the birth of my daughter and trying to wash all my avent bottles and nipples.
i don't know about everyone else, but i only run my dishwasher at most every other day, and i didn't have enough bottles to last that long when she was eating every couple of hours.
plus, i find that in the dishwasher little bits of food and guck get stuck in them, especially the nipples.
you, obviously need to at least rinse the bottles and nipples before putting them in.
i washed all my bottles with soap before putting them in the sterilizer just in case.also, now that my daughter has moved on to sippy cups, i use the sterilizer to clean those annoying spill proof valves that are impossible to get clean and aren't supposed to go in the dishwasher.i did use it occaisionally for my breast pump parts as well and it worked great for them, i just didn't get to breast feed for very long :(it saves time, energy and water!
a great product!!
but after repeated cleanings in the dishwasher, the ounce markings on the bottles started to fade away, and the plastic caps to cover the nipples started to change color.
from then on i've used the sterilizer exclusively.
i have taken several extended trips with the baby, and it is so easy to travel with and store her clean bottles in.
this is one of those products that may not be necessary to have, but i am so glad that i do!
i love this sterilizer.
in 5 minutes i can sterilize bottles.
obviously the sterilizer is using steam and is incredible hot when it first comes out of the microwave.
i ususally let it sit for about 3 minutes or so before removing the bottles.
never again!
this product is so convenient.
i saw other mom's deal with the sterilization issue by boiling everything, what a time consuming process.
this way it's all done in less than ten minutes and you can be doing other things during the process.
the only suggestion i would make is to increse the number of bottles you could sterilize at one time.
great product.
i love this.
i clean the bottles and then load them into this.
4 to 5 minutes later, the bottles are all sterilized.
i love this.
with the sterilizers i just have that reassurance that everything is clean enough for my baby.
this is well worth the money.
this has been a lifesaver!!!
just add the correct amount of water, pop it in the microwave, and go!!!
it's saved me so much time and hassle... at first, i didn't think that i wanted to spend the money on a sterilizer when i thought i could boil them myself for free, but this has more than paid for itself in it's first 3 weeks of use... a definate must have for new moms!!!
every new mom should have this sterilier.
it so easy to use and it's fast just pop it in microwave for 5 mintues and you got everything ready to go.
this a must have for all new moms.
this is one product that delivers exactly what it promises.
it works quickly and well.i have used it daily to sterilize not only my isis breast pump... but also a hospital grade rented pump, too.
i love this sterlizer.
it will fit anything that needs to be sterilized, including breast pump accessories.
before, putting on and removing the lid used to be a bit awkward.
the inner steam tray also has more slots and spots that make arranging items easier.
the older version was very similar but did not have specialized "compartments" to such an extent.
all in all, it remains an extremely easy product to use because if i had to sit there sterilizing by boiling water and whatnot, it surely would not get done.
i'd buy the steamer alone.
there is a place for everything...bottles, nipples, and caps.
however, when i had to switch to dr. brown's bottles, i was in for a shock.
apparently the dr. brown's bottles are just slightly taller than the avent bottles, so they would not fit in this sterilizer standing up.
i had to lay them down and pile everything on top of them.
its a shame because this is a great product, but i can't recommend it to people unless they know for sure they can use avent bottles only.
this product gets the job done.
does what it says.
all you have to do is add water and pop it in the microwave for 2 mins.
i wish it were a bit smaller, but i suppose its size accommodates large bottles.
i put bottles, pacifiers, breast pump parts in it without a problem.
this is a great product and i highly recommend it.
the best sterilizing option since i don't have enough dishes to bother using the dishwasher more than once every two days.
even if you just want to clean one pacifier, it uses less water and energy than boiling on the stove and it's quicker too.
but i use mine so much, i just keep it in the microwave when i'm not using it!
we don't need to run ours daily, so the sterilizer works great and takes very little time.
get a drying rack though, because the items will need to dry if you're not using them immediately.
once i got a lot of bottles, i started running the dishwasher more and this became obsolete.
just pop it in the  microwave and sterilize.
wash 4 bottles, place them in the provided tub and 4 minutes later you have sterile bottles you can use( and store ) for the next 4 feedings.
very convenient.
what more can you ask for?
this is one of those baby products!
it's very easy to use: so easy to use, you will learn to use it (believe me, this is important) &quot;in your sleep&quot;.
it is inexpensive too: just shop around for other sterilizers and you will see this is the best one you can get for this price.
sure, you can boil those bottles and those pacifiers, but let's face it: this is the 21st century, and you might as well make use of your microwave.
i did not register for this but bought it after my son was born.
i was sick of boiling water or waiting for a full load to run the dishwasher.
i found that when i used the dishwasher bottles and nipples turned colors depending on the food that we ate that week.
(red when we ate pasta).
i love this sterlizer!
it is so convenient especially when you dont run the dishwasher every day!
the price is a little high, which is why i bought a used on on ebay.
best purchase i have made!
i sterlize all my bottles in it, and pacifiers and even some toys.
however, when i bought it, it did not include instructions, i later got them off of avent.com when i got a horrible steam burn from the product.
that was probably just a dumb blonde moment on my part though!
i was in a hurry and not paying attention and the steam hit my hand.
be very careful!
i would reccomend it to everyone!
so far i have been able to fit everything from avent bottles to large 9 oz bottles in it, and even the parts to my gerber breast pump.
i look forward to using this for years to come!i found that the lid works really well for washing bottles too, instead of filling a sink full of water!
it's so simple, makes your life so much easier!!!
the lit will close if you turn it until you find the right position.
also, remember not to sterilize more than 4 bottles at the time.
my baby is 8 months now and i've been using it since she was born.
i used to boil water to have my first child's bottles sterilized.
then i got this for my 2nd and 3rd children.
i read the other reviews that it's much easier to just pop it in the dishwasher.
but what about for some of us who don't run their dishwashers daily(maybe because it's not a full load yet).
this sterilizer only takes 7 oz.
of water and it takes 4 minutes in the microwave and your bottles, nipples, pacifiers, breast pump, etc.
are sterilized.
you can't beat 7 ounces of water and 4 minutes of time.
so for me, i think this sterilizer is great and it is very convenient.
i use this to sterilize my breast pump accessories, the occasional bottle, pacifiers and other plastic toys.
none of which are the avent brand, but all work well in this unit.
it's quick & easy.
we wanted the microwave as opposed to the electric sterilizer because it was cheaper and more portable.
i highly recommend this product whether you are breast or bottle feeding (or sippie cup for that matter).
i did not originally register for this item because i didn't think it was necessary, especially since we have a dishwasher.
this is a great tool to get all those baby/toddler items germ free.
i mainly use mine for sterilizing my breast pump supplies, bottles, and pacifiers.
4 minutes in the microwave and its done.
its not necessary to sterilize all baby products but when something really needs to be, it sure beats having to run the dishwasher.
there are just the 3 of us so we only need to run the dishwasher about twice a week.
i find that i sterilize more often just because it is so easy to use this product.
yet another great product from avent!
this is so very easy to use and in minutes you have sterilized bottles, pacifiers, toys, pretty much anything that you can fit into the the thing.
we have a dishwasher, but our doctor advised that newborns can be sensitive to the soap the first few months.
by the way, we started with the electric sterilizer but after reading the directions and seeing it's size we returned it for this one.
this one is easier to store and use and is faster.
forget boiling water or whatever else, get the microwave sterilizer.
this is a great product.
we use the avent bottles &amp; avent isis breast pump and they are made to fit into this sterilizer.
it's so much easier than boiling.
you just pop it in the microwave for 5 minutes and everything is sterilized.
so the doctor recomended me buying a sterelizer, in other cases careful scrubing and just putting the bottles in the dishwasher would do, and it can save you some trouble.
but for those people who need or really want a sterelizer, this ones great.
its much less expensive than the other sterelizers that take over all your counter space!
it can also sterelize my 2 1/2 year olds "magic cups" after he gets over a virus or if he had milk (another product by avent).
it is fairly simple to use and much less stressful than boiling water, in my opinion.
it also comes with 4 bottles, although my house is a bottle factory as it is!
this sterelizer can also be used as a drying rack if needed.
they only need to be washed in very hot soapy water.
you can only fit 4 bottles in there at a time.
save your money and wash you bottles well by yourself!
this is one of my most used items from my registry.
originally, i thought i would sterilize my bottles in the dishwasher but someone pointed out to me that that would require running the dishwasher every day.
instead, you can throw your bottles, nipples and pacifiers in here as needed, and have them sterilized in 7 minutes.
it is absolutely something i would recommend.
this one was really helpful with pacifiers and nipples.
i had a harder time with bottles just cause not many fit in it.
but i found that bottles in the dishwasher and nipples and pacis in the microwave steamer were much better.
film on it, of course in the sterilizer..not..but please don't worry about being burned.
overall better for the money then the bigger one from avent.
i have to pump milk for my daughter at my office, and getting my pump parts clean was challenging.
our sink doesn't put out enough got water for me to feel that my parts were really clean and safe.
it also serves as a nice place to store my pump parts at the office, where i know they will remain clean and untouched.
this product is easy to use, works well and is fast .
.
.
i use advent bottles & pacifiers and they fit perfect as do all the parts to my medela breast pump.
this sterilizer is great though as it is very light weight and easy to store in between uses.
it's up to you & your doctor whether you need a sterilizer, but if you do decide to get one, definitely get this one.
when we bought this, i thought of it as a luxury item, because you don't really need to sterilize that much, but we never use the dishwasher and i thought it would be easier and safer than boiling water.
turns out that we were diagnosed with thrush and had to sterilize many times a day.
so glad to have had this!!!
some have complained about the "condensation" but this is really just the very fine mist of the boiled water on the items.
shows it's working.. just rinse it off with water and put the items in the drying rack.
this sterilizer did the trick.
we used avent bottles and 4 oz and 9oz.
you can get a set of 4 bottles in this thing and it only takes 4 minutes to steam (based on voltage of microwave of course.)
i would recomnd this.
i love this sterilizer.
i am a breastfeeding mother and use the avent isis to pump milk from time to time.
when i'm ready to pump, i load this up and 7 minutes later i'm good to go.
you don't need to dry the bottles or pump before using, if you use them right away.
when i'm done, i wash my pump and store it back in here to dry.
it stays there until i'm ready to use it again.
i've never tried sterilizing any other bottles but the instructions specify how to place others in here so they fit well.
i'm glad i've never had to resort to the boiled water on the stove.
but we live in post housing on an army base and our dishwasher is awful and hardly gets anything clean.
so i handwash all my bottles and bought this as an extra step to help me get them clean enough for my child.i really like this product a lot.
i can even pop pacifiers in there when they fall on the floor.
there are slots for basically everything and it all stays put when i am moving it around.i know that it isn't really necessary, but i like using it for that extra peace of mind that my baby is getting clean bottles.
every parent has different 'must haves' when they have babies and this is one of mine!
:)
on more than one occassion i've had a crying hungry baby on my hands in teh middle of the night or the very early morning, and walked into the kitchen only to find that all of the bottles are in teh sink or in the dishwasher yet to be run.
it's much easier to keep my daughter distracted four the 4 or 5 minutes i need to wash and sterelize in this product than to wait for a load of dishes to run!
if this sounds like somthing that could happen to you .
.
.
buy this product!
(or put it on your registry).
i love this sterilizer and avent products in a whole!
well i must say that i'm very happy that i got this product.
it is very easy to store and does the job well.
avent bottles fit perfectly in it (as i'm sure you already guessed), but it also fits all other bottles!
i use it to sterilize my bottles, nipples, caps, pacifiers, teethers and breast pump parts.
i generally sterilize the bottles once a week, but if needed, i can take it out and sterilize her teethers, etc anytime.
i own avent natural bottles and this sterilizer was meant for the classic line.
all the holes and positions were specifically made for classic bottles sizes.of course it is still usable, though it will hold only 4 natural bottles (or 6 classic ones).
i use it daily for sterilizing bottles and pacifiers, and it works perfectly.just beware of the steam when opening it immediately after microwaving.
both actually contain the basic express ii microwave steam sterilizer which holds up to six (6) bottles or a combination of other items including microwaveable breast pumps, cups, etc.the only difference is that the scf271/02 contains an additional two (2) of the 9oz/260ml  airflex natural feeding bottle and nippple.strangely enough as of this writing, amazon is selling the scf271/02 (the one that contains two extra feeding bottles) for a much lower price than the scf271/07.
so until prices remain like this, know what you are buying and consider it a bonus to have the two extra bottles.to sterilize or not to sterilize...with this microwave sterilizer:the argument is not whether you should sterilize your baby products (or expose the baby to germs as argument in strengthening the immune system) because if you're searching for a sterilizer and reached this page, then i'm going to assume you agree with the sterilization process.the other argument in question is whether you are content with using hot running water and anti-bacterial soap or running a dishwasher and if these steps alone are enough to sterilize.
too little water and you can end up damaging the sterilizer.
too much water and you fail to properly sterilize.check to see the wattage of your microwave.
your baby bottle should give you that info.also remember to allow 2 minutes cooling time prior to unlocking the lid unless you want to be greeted with hot steam on your face and second degree burn or worse.how long will it remain sterile?the manual further states that the items will remain sterile for 24 hours provided the lid is not removed.
so yes you can sterilize in advance and leave it inside until you need it for the day.comments:avent and philips have consistently provided quality plastic products.
the look and feel is what i have come to expect.
it is well made and there are no rough edges or protruding plastic parts that may have not been molded properly.the manual will tell you how to position the items in the sterilizer versus simply dumping them in.
the point of the sterilizer is to allow hot steam to circulate around.
so incorrect position may mean not creating a good sterilization process.when all is said and done, this is a simple sterilizer you put in the microwave.
for the low cost it is offered, it's a small price to pay for extra security for your baby.
we don't have a dishwasher so i throw everything in the sterilizer (bottles, breastpump parts, binkies, etc.
)after washing with soap and water.
it is easy to use, just throw items in, 7 ounces of water and microwave for 7 minutes.
i use this sterilizer daily.i only gave it four stars because i put in the breast shield from my first years breast pump and it melted a bit where the shield sat in the appropriate slot.
this was the perfect solution for my pump parts and bottles.
i read everywhere that you do not need to buy a sterilizer if you have a dishwasher, but i don't run my dishwasher fast enough to have my parts and bottles ready for each feeding/pump.
this fits all of my pump parts and 2-3 bottles and nipples.
it's ready in 4 minutes, which is way faster than dealing with the dishwasher.
you do need to prewash in soapy water, but i don't worry about scrubbing.
overall, it does the job in a very short amount of time!
must have for sterilizing.
so easy, just 10 minutes or less of your time and your sterilizing is complete!
i use this sterilizer twice a day and it really makes the task quick and simple.
!- it comes with an extra value of 4 avent bottles ( it says here that comes with two, but i just got mine and comes with 4!!
)* i used to have an electric sterilizer and as soon as i heard about this one, i got it  and life with a baby it just  became simpler than ever!!!
i saw this and just had to get it.
it's good to wash and sterilize all bottles and breast pump parts before using them the first time.i own the avent isis breastpump and this has grooves for it to click into-very cool!
i like to sterilize my pump once or twice a week, and once a week i sterilize the bottles and nipples.i can't ever wait for the washer to run, so instead of waiting, i just throw everything i want sterilized into the microwave for 4 minutes and it's done.
it's so easy and simple.and it keeps things sterile for 3 hours unless you pop open the top right away!
this is certainly not a must if you have a dishwasher.
if you don't have a dishwasher i highly recommend it!
for weeks i boiled my isis pump parts and bottles, leaving on my non-stick pot calcium stain.
as i was going back to work and my baby had to be bottle fed (thus more things to be sterilized), i found this great product and eagerly bought it.
it's such a great invention!
everything (pump parts, nipples, dome caps, bottles etc) has slot of its own on the rack so they won't shift around.
and if you keep the lid closed after sterilizing, contents stay sterilized for a day!be sure to check your microwave power though, since it takes 4 minutes for a 1100watts microwave, longer for less powerful ones.
even though i have a 1350watts one, i do it for 4 minutes just to be sure!
and let it cool for recommended length of time to avoid scorching yourself.enjoy this product and you won't regret.
this is a truly wonderful product!
i got mine on sale at a local target store, and it included 4 9-oz avent bottles as a bonus, so it was really a great deal.
i tried boiling huge pots to sterilize all the bottles, pacifiers and breast pump accessories, and it took forever to boil and turned out to be too costly.
this sterilizer accomodates all my medela pump attachments, dr. brown's bottles (that have 5 pieces each!)
all it needs is 200 ml/7 oz of water and a microwave, and in 4-6 minutes you get it done!
since it's sooo easy to use, i also sterilize all my daughter's plastic toys in it.
it doesn't take up much space on the kitchen counter (in fact i store mine on top of the microwave since i'm using it several times a day).
the greatest thing about this sterelizer is that it gives me peace of mind that whatever goes into my 2-month old daughter's mouth is clean :)
we love this sterilizer.
we wouldn't want to sterilize any other way!
very happy with this product.
before i got a medela pump, i used the avent hand pump and used this to sterilize it.
now it is just used for my avent bottles but it's so helpful.
in four minutes, you have sterilized bottles and parts, 4 at a time.
i use this at least twice a day to sterilize my avent pump and storage bottles.
it is fast and easy and i can't imagine going back to boiling bottles again.
i have used the avent "ii" sterilizer found at other retailers.
(probably not much difference between the two)  i have been using the sterilizer for one month since having my twins.
it has really been helpful cleaning non-avent items (breast pump items, baby bottles, pacifiers, etc.)
you don't have to have this sterilizer, but, it helps if you want to clean a few items without having to boil water each time or running your dishwasher.it came with two small avent bottles.
i'm not reviewing the bottles themselves - that's another topic.
however, this is a nice feature so you can try these bottles out to determine if you want to use their bottles or not.
i really like this product; according to the sterilizer's instructions regarding my microwave wattage, it only takes 2 minutes to sterilize and 2 minutes to cool down.
i've never had any issues with getting burned or anything melting.
and all it takes is 7 oz of water (i use filtered water instead of tap water) that i recycle every 2-3 uses to avoid wasting water(beyond that the water level decreases so it's best to measure to make sure it's still 7 oz).however, i have a gassy baby and wanted to see if i could switch to the born free bottles since several of my friends have raved about them.
my 1 month old daughter is drinking 4 oz now, so i bought the 9 oz born free bottles and unfortunately they do not fit this sterilizer.
she seems to be growing out of the stage of being fussy all night long due to gas so i guess i'll stick with the avent brand bottles instead of buying a new sterilizer to accommodate using a different brand of bottles.
i purchased this along with my avent bottles before i had my daughter.
six months later this sterilizer has done very well under heavy use (6+x/day) i quickly learned to use oven mitts to remove it from the microwave.
it does get very hot.
of course that is the point - no heat no bugs killed!!
even got the hubbie to use it!
this is one of those items i could not live without.i have the medela microsteam bags for when i am away.
pretty good.
sometimes the side containers pop off
the description states that this is compatible with all the prince lionheart wipe warmers, but if you notice the pictures they have posted only show it with a generic wipes box or just holding the diapers.
this is because the wipe warmers are considerably larger and do not actually fit flush in them.
there are two small groves in the prince lionheart wipe warmer that allows it to be forced onto it, but the wipe warmer hangs over the edge.the main reason i purchased this diaper depot to hang on the side was to hold the wipe warmer and diapers and save space on the changing table, but i don't think this one is going work.
the wipe warmer looks like it would just take a bump to send it tumbling and not very secure on the diaper depot.
if you are just using plain wipes without the warmer, it would probably be alright.
this is not the sturdiest thing.
it does fit on the side of the dresser we converted to a changing table though.
i always feel like i am going to break it when i put something in or take something out.
it was the best thing we could find to serve the purpose.
i was using a basket to hold wipes, lotions, etc and keeping on the changing table.
my daughter is growing and is very long so the basket was in the way.
i looked everywhere for a hanging basket but couldn't find one i liked for a decent price.
i love having everything right there at changing/dressing time without taking up drawer space.
accessing newborn diapers is a bit difficult since the diapers are much smaller than those used for older babies but that's fine since we won't be using newborn diapers for long.
we haven't received our cloth diapers so i have yet to see.
with the wipers warmer in the caddy, it's difficult to see the supplies on the back side and i can only hold a pump bottle of hand sanitizer or a couple of tubes of diaper cream.
other than that, it's a handy product.
i have recently started having a problem with my 12 month old kicking everything off of the end of his changing table while i am changing his diaper.
his changing table is a dresser than came with a wooden surround that is removable once you are out of the diaper changing stage.
this easily slid onto the rail and remedied the problem we had with him kicking the diaper changing supplies to the floor.i like that the little side compartments are removable.
disposable diapers are so thin now that the slot you pull the diapers out through could be a bit thinner.
i do often have two diapers come out instead of one.
even with that issue, this product is well worth the eleven bucks i paid for it.
this holds all you need and more.
worth the money if you are looking for something to keep diapers in on a crib or play yard.
it must hang on the edge of whatever you're hanging it on, otherwise, it won't fit.
would have worked for me otherwise though.
there's not much more to say, if you're looking for something to organize the changing station and want a practical simple solution, this is a great product.
i have the diaper depot attached to the side of our pack-n-play and it is nice that his has all these compartments, but the larger section that i can only assume is for diapers makes it hard to pull diapers through the opening so i end up having to take the wipes that i have stored on top, off and then open the flap to get a diaper out.
which doesn't really make it much more convenient.
overall, we've been very pleased with the quality of this product.
the containers on the side are not huge and not very deep, but they are large enough to hold a few essentials (i.e.
diaper rash cream, tube of aquaphor, etc).
it will not hold larger items (i.e.
bottles of baby lotion that are bigger than a tube).
this isn't a dealbreaker for me, as it's just as easy to store those items in a bin on my changing table.
it's a bit inconvenient to have it in the front, but the opening only fits on the front (which is presumably what keeps it secure).
it's not a huge issue, but it would be nice to be able to adjust it.
i was originally looking for a dresser top depot, i was unaware this was a hanging one.
it actually worked out better this way!
good quality product!
i might get another one to put downstairs on the pack and play.
this is a wonderful product.
initially the diapers seemed a little small in the large container but i soon discovered that newborn diapers could be stacked in two stacks which means the container holds twice as many!
i was worried this wouldn't work for us.
we have a pottery barn kids changing table that has a decorative moulding that sticks out about 3/4 inch beyond the frame of the changer top.
it is an inexpensive fix to a very annoying problem.
another bonus is that the plastic piece that the wipes container rests on is hinged to allow easy access below for loading diapers or whatever you choose to store in there.
i like have this organizer, but on our changer (attached to the crib style) it sits just a little loose.
i am giving this five stars although it broke because my fianc&eacute; put a lot of pressure on it for it to break.
before it broke, i loved it.
it held enough diapers for a two-three days and the side pockets held everything else that i needed for changing him.
it was perfect, i am tempted to buy another one, that's how much i liked it.
although i gave the diaper depot a low rating i do have to say i like that it hooks on the side of my changing table.
but the reason i gave it a low rating is for two reasons:1.
no diaper warmer will fit on it... not even the prince lionheart brand2.
there is a slit on the bottom so you can easily gain access to diapers... this seems great but the diapers stick together and you end up pulling out 3 or more diapers at a time.
not worth it.
we have had this product for 2 years now and it works great!
we hang it off the side of the changing table and it keeps everything handy.
we just use the plastic flip top box the wipes come in and it isn't a wipe warmer so it is smaller.
we couldn't take a wipe out of the dispenser using one hand without either lifting the lid off the box or lifting the enitre box.
to solve the problem, we just bought industrial strengh velcro and attached it to the bottom of the box and the "lid" of the diaper depot.
great product after this minor adjustment!
i have the graco basic pack n play and it does not have an attachment for diapers and supplies.
it works really well for me.
there's plenty of space for diapers, my wipes warmer fits on top, and i have odds and ends on the (removable) side compartments.
i do like this product but i dont think it was worth 15 dollars.
if it was under 10 bucks i may have given it 5 stars.
it seems a bit cheaply made.
i have a regular wipe container sitting on the top and it fits well.
the smaller sized diapers dont fit too well because they just slide around in the little compartment and often more than one diaper pops out when you just need one, but i suppose it was made this way so you can use larger diapers as your baby gets older.
it allows me to have a complete changing station without having to go upstairs to the nursery...very useful since i had a c-section and going up and down the stairs is not the most fun thing to do.
i bought this product to use on my pack 'n play.
it's definitely a nicer way to keep diapers and wipes organized at my pack 'n play changing table.
it fits onto the side of the pack 'n play nicely.
i wish the tub for the wipes box on top was deeper though.
the wipes box always tends to want to fall off when i'm taking a wipe out.
i also wish it held more diapers and that the diaper slot wasn't so wide, because when i pull out a diaper, about 2 or 3 want  to come out at once.
at 8 months he was way too long for the changing pad and his feet were kicking off the products and wipes at his feet.i ordered this product and it got everything off the changing table so he fits now with leg room to kick away without hitting anything.
wipes are right there and we put a kleenex box in the diaper dispenser (the diaper dispenser isn't great--i'm not sure how it works w/o you grabbing more than one at a time.
we put the diapers on the shelf right under the table and put products and stuff in the lion heart thing.a must have!!
i love this product.
i borrowed this item from a friend when i had my first child.
it stores a stack of diapers, a case of wipes, diaper cream, lotion, etc.- all within reach.
what i liked best was when friends and family came over to help out with the baby, they could clearly see where everything was to change baby's diaper.
also, the plastic is clear, unlike a fabric diaper stacker, so you can clearly so how many diapers you have handy.loved this item, will probably buy it for myself now that i'm pregnant once again!
i bought this because i am an obsessive compulsive - :) i just have to have everything in it's place.
a friend made a changing tray for us that sits on the dresser and i wanted to be able to have wipes and diapers in reach without taking up dresser top.
this was the perfect solution.
looks sturdy and i think it will really meet our needs!
:)here's a link to the changing tray:[...]
this product is wonderful and better than i expected.
it is well made and i have recommended this product to my friends for the excellent quality of this product.
i am extremely pleased with this product and will buy again from this seller due to the quality  of the product :)
this does what i ordered it for.
unfortunately i had to order a replacement because it broke in shipping.
i purchased this for use on our play yard where our son slept when he first came home.
however, i was very disappointed in the quality.
the plastic it was constructed of was thinner than i hoped and that made the unit somewhat flimsy in my opinion and certainly not as sturdy as i had hoped.
when i filled it with supplies, it looked as if it might break.
i ended up returning it.
most of them don't fit inside the tray.
and the side containers also don't fit very large bottle of baby powder or lotion).
i love this product!!!
it is one of the few things that i knew i wanted with my second child that i didn't have with the first, and i have not been disappointed.
i use mine on my changing table and it keeps everything so handy in one place.
my son is still in size 1 diapers so i do find that when i pull a diaper out another one might fall out.
the last thing you want in the middle of a diaper change is to be disorganized!
this goes well with the new prince lionheart wipe warmer as well.
a bit bulky but really useful.
all my daughter's furniture is a variety of delta children's products and we own thedelta eclipse changing table, white.
we already stocked the diapers, wipes, warmer, etc on the changing table and thought we were ready to go until our instructor at a baby class at the hospital gave us advice on changing our baby.
the instructor said it's a good idea to have everything out and ready when you change your baby, as sometimes they can be hyper or throw a fit.
if you're not ready to change them, the results could be disastrous.
another tip was to "have everything should be within arm's reach", as you will want to place one hand on the baby at all times.upon learning this, i asked my wife "isn't there some kind of "side cart" for the changing table where you can have the diapers, powder, wipes, lotions, rash paste, etc right there?"
she said there was, so i looked to amazon to find it.
on a side note, despite registering for the prince lionheart wipe warmer, i've learned that you never get exactly what you register for - especially on your baby registry.
that warmer itself isn't bad, but the compatible stand (munchkin diaper duty organizer) isn't what we wanted because it has to sit on a flat surface (like a dresser or table).
remember i wanted one that hooks on the side of your changing table "within an arm's reach"there are other products that hook onto the side of your changing table, such asmunchkin diaper change organizeranddexbaby nursery organizer, whitekind of fit what i'm looking for, but the "shell" is made of cloth.
cloth makes things flimsy.
i wanted something more rigid and heavy duty.that's when i found the prince lionheart diaper depot.
per the picture, it's got 2 removeable side compartments to store stuff like bottles, cotton balls, rash cream, etc.
the middle compartment is for diapers that you pull out from a slat at the bottom.
although the munchkin wipe warmer we own doesn't fit on that top compartment for wipes, it still does everything we need to for everything else.highly recommended.
no more bending in a hustle!
i like this product.
it's easy to fill and the side compartments are very handy.
i have the prince lionheart wipes warmer and it tends to slip out of the top part of the stand.
it's a little weird with newborn diapers as they can fall out of the bottom (the product is not exactly as pictured, the bottom is actually open on two sides, which is odd) but it really works well.
you can easily hold a day or two worth of diapers, wipes, creams, and lotions.
i have been using this for 9 months and i love it.
we have one upstairs near the changing table and another downstairs near the pack and play.
we were originally keeping the diapers and wipes on the shelf of the changing table, probably because we didn't think there was a better option.
but if this wasn't there, i'm sure she would just find something else to do that is just as inconvenient.
the diaper stacker is great for a decorative accent and storage of tons of diapers.
the diaper depot is great for holding those diapers handy for the middle of the night changing.
the side compartment, they can come off, hold all the perfect necessities like desitin and baby lotion.
this is really a handy little organizational item.
it is clear so it doesn't really stand out.
i have two.
i was looking for something that would hang off of my changing table, out of reach of my unusually tall son's ferocious kick.
i was concerned about this because my crib is spindled, but it fits perfectly and is exactly what i was looking for!
this diaper stacker is a joke.
the diapers come out 3 at a time, the shelf for the wipes container will buckle if you have a full container, and the plastic is very flimsy.
i brought this because of the great reviews this product got.
after just one day of using this i decided to pack it up and return it.
i don't believe this product is ment to withstand the test of time.
this product can be very convenient for *some* applications.
it fits after really giving it some pressure, but isn't ideal.
otherwise, a handy product.
i have this on the side of our jenny lind dressing table.
i fit two rows of stacked newborn pampers swaddlers diapers in it (with the fold facing out), and they dispense just fine.
it is a little bigger than the space alloted, but i find that the rubber non-skid bumps on the bottom of the warmer hold it within the wipes space... and since it is raised above the depot's wipes space it leaves room for any extra wipes that didn't fit inside the warmer.
this was a great buy, and i don't know what i would have done without it.
i actually used this with my pack n play and loved the handy organizer features.
i moved it to my changing table after discovering i could order one of those pack n play parent organizers as a replacement part (even from another company's product!)
which worked much nicer with my play yard.
i received this as a gift and i'm going to buy it for every expectant mother i know.
we hated the thought of having diapers and supplies just laying around downstairs, but were not about to run upstairs to the nursery every time we needed to change the baby.
this solved the problem...everything is right at our fingertips for diaper changes.
it also keeps our dog from going after diapers!
this is one of my most useful baby items.
i hang it on the side of the changing table and it holds diapers, wipes, and diaper cream.
it keeps everything conveniently close by.
i think every mom needs one of these!
it has just enough space for diapers, wipes, ointment, brushes, lotion, or anything you may need at your hand's reach while changing your baby.
would definitely recommend!
everything i need for changes in one convenient place!
i didn't car for this organizer.
there are nicer options out there, but they are more expensive.
i stacked for newborn size diapers and size 1 diapers and it fits perfectly, even when i pull one diaper at a time, the other diapers don't slide through it.
it fits very sturdy at the side of savannah shore changing/dresser table.
however while it is ok for storing and organizing diapers, the fact that it only holds enough for 2-3 days is a bit of a problem.
the wipes being stacked on top, means that refilling it is not so easy either.
finally the side pockets are too small to hold anything useful.
butt paste tubs for example, wont fit.
i was a little disappointed.
i assumed it would also fit the same brand wipe warmer but it does not.
be aware this product does not fit all prince lionheart brand wipe warmer containers.
i have the premium pl wipe warmer and it does not fit!
if you plan to use it to hold normal plastic container of wipes, then you're fine.
it didn't work for what we wanted, and we sent it back.
if your looking for something like this for your pack n play, i'd recommend something else.
this doesn't fit over the edge of the pack n play.
it held our wipe warmer (which was a little big on top but it staid in place), diapers, and the two side containers held creams, nail clippers, etc.
in the middle of the night, the last thing you want to do is locate diaper, diaper cream, wipes, mylecon, tylenol, breast pads, etc.
smaller diapers may slip though too easy, but bigger ones like size 1 and 2 are fine!!!
i was so excited to get this because of the great reviews.
after trying it out and on the changing table, i quickly realized that there was no way i was going to keep it.
the first thing i noticed was that newborn diapers do not fit in the holder.
it is made to hold full size bigger diapers.
then i realized that since i am left-handed, i wanted this to be on the left side of the changing table.
well that doesn't work, because the dispenser opening to get the diapers would then be in the back!
so i tried it on the other side to see if that could work.
in doing so, i realized that the plastic had left 2 scratch marks on the pretty cherry wood of my changing table!!
i considered using a cloth or something soft to protect the wood from the plastic, but quickly decided it's not worth it -- not only will it not work with newborn diapers, but it is also not left-handed friendly, and really does not give much storage space.
returning it right away.
i would have given it 1 star but &#34;hate&#34; is too strong of a word.
i simply do not like it :)
this was a total piece of garbage.
several things are wrong.1.
it doesnt fit every changing table.
you need to have a bottom slat or base to support it under the top slat it will go onto.2.
the side compartments keep falling off because they dont attach they just fit over the edges.3.
the biggest complaint is that the wipe tray does not fit every wipe box or wipe warmer and we have the same brand name wipe warmer that made this product.4.
consider that you will be taking away 5 inches of walk space around your changing table after you put this hunk of plastic onto it.if you have your changing table in a small area or corner of a room, this makes a difference.what a cheaply made piece of plastic.pass this up and buy a wall shelf to go over the changing table instead.
we needed something to put on the side of our changing table for our wipe warmer and this really was our answer.
a must have if you have the prince lionheart wipe warmer.
however, the side containers really don't hold much.
we can fit diaper cream on one side, and our little man's brush and baby lotion on the other.
we got this in conjunction with prince lionhart wipe warmer.
if it was just a little wider you could double stack little diapers.
as it is, you have to single stack them and there is a ton of wasted space on the sides.
it has enough room for about 15 diapers and a wipes container on the top.
the two side bins are removable (a little too easily if you ask me but no big deal) and we use them for small lotions, nail clippers, the nose aspirator, and a few other things.the large lotion bottle we have and the large &#34;tub&#34; of a+d ointment we use don't fit in this though so i have to keep those on the counter itself.this has a lip so you can hang it from the edge of the changing table but since we have rounded (sleigh style) edges, it doesn't fit there.
we ended up putting it on a drawer instead and it wroks just fine.
only thing is that the drawer underneath the one we attached it to doesn't open (the diaper depot gets in the way since it's taller than the drawer).
no big deal.i would recommend this - it saves it space and keeps us organized.
i bought and returned a couple of changing table hanging organizers.
i was really looking for something small to keep wipes and ointments handy in.
i like that i can also for my small prefolds (for cloth diapering) in where the diapers go.
they don't fit perfect, but well enough that i'm happy!
i paid less than $9 for this item so i really have no complaints.
it serves its purpose!
i have no complaints about this.
she's now 16 months (yes just writing this review now) and we still use it.
all her creams, lotions and accessories fit in the side compartments.
very handy to have attached to the pack n play downstairs as our other diapering station.
it even fits over the plastic attachment for the bassinet height.
its great, it fits so many items, i fit like 15-18 size 1 diapers, wipes, bottle of cream, tube of diaper cream, lots of small staff (hair brush, cotton swabs, nail clippers, alcohol pads, etc.)
it very easy to put it together, i never had a problems with it falling down or falling apart.
well  this huge plastic thing doesnt look very attractive, but it super useful and clear, so u dont see it right away in the room.
i was looking for a diaper organizer/caddy for my changing station.
do pay attention to how wide your changing station's side is, it needs to be equal to or less than ~1.25 inches; otherwise, this diaper depot won't fit.i am able to fit some diapers in the middle compartment, place my wipes on top, and keep a few handy things in the side compartments.
as she's growing, i need to be able to use the entire space for her and diaper depot helps me do just that.
it fits our munchkin diaper warmer but just barely and holds about 20 diapers in the storage below.
when you do pull diapers out sometimes 2 or more come out.
the side holders aren't locked in so if you try to pick up the entire diaper caddy just by holding the side pocket it will fall.if you're looking for more reviews of baby registry essentials, read the baby registry guide from allmomsareperfect.com.
good luck!
mine came cracked, and i didn't have the patience to send it back and get another one, as my baby was due soon and i wanted one less thing to worry about.
the only thing i worry about is putting a full box of wipes in it, as i'm afraid it will completely break since it's already cracked.
i don't know how it got cracked as the box it came in was in fine condition.
room for diapers, wipes, diaper cream, lotion & more.
would definitely recommend to all parents of newborns.
it's ridgid, plastic construction makes it a stable platform as compaired to the soft vinyl organizers.
my only whish is that the hinges on the lid, of the diper dispenser, could be made a little sturdier.
cheap material, i returned it.it is not sturdyenough to use ever day.i was even afraid tobrake before returning the stuff.
~*my wipes warmer fits perfectly with this product.
i also like that my diapers aren't exposed to dust while sitting inside the diaper depot.
but it doesnt fit my graco pack n play straight, it leans.
prior to purchase, i thought it might be a little cheap, but it's the exact opposite.
it is well made with hard thick plastic.
it holds the diaper warmer on top and the side bins are great for nic-nacs like diaper cream, nail clippers, brush, etc.
it stores the diapers in the middle and has slots at the bottom where you can pull the diaper out from the left side or the middle of the depot.
this was one of the best baby items we bought along with the prince lionheart premium diaper warmer.
there was no place to put her diapers, wipes, creams, etc.
i read in the reviews that this would work on a graco pack n play but it doesn't fit on the side when the napper/ bassinet insert is in.
it does fit onto the end but sits at angle due to the curve.
it's not a perfect fit, but it works, and it sure beats running around to get diapers, wipes, etc.
i gave the diaper depot 5 stars despite two things:1) the opening for the diaper stacker is a little big, so sometimes an extra diaper slides out.
in prince lionheart's defense, this may be necessary to accomodate larger sized diapers.2) the side containers could have been a little deeper.besides these minor nuiances, it's a great product.
i also own the ultimate wipes warmer and it clicks right into the top of this.
it holds quite a bit of diapers for size 1 and i'm sure as they get bigger it won't hold as many.
i love having this because it's right on the end of the changing table, has everything i need in it and is a life saver.
i wish it could hold more stuff as some of the bottles of baby junk i got are a bit big.
other than that i love this product and wouldn't do without it.
great price too!
we've had no trouble with diapers falling out as some have reported.
we had a pack n play w/bassinet and changing accessory set up in our lower living room instead of always having to go all the way upstairs to the baby's room.
i love how this diaper caddy connected onto the side of the pack n play and we could have everything handy.
it's useless.
the one i bought came broken into pieces and amazon refunded me the full amount.
nowadays i believe no one is using tiny soap bottles or cream bottles as it's cheaper to buy the big ones.
this cannot hold any of those.
this was cracked in the back when we got it so we sent it back and got our money back.
there is one by this same company made specifically for dresser type changing tables.
i have it and love it.
it is almost a necessity.
or if you choose to use the top of a dresser like i did, you'll love the "dresser depot".
to fix this we just taped down the wipe warmer.
also our diaper stacker holds more and adds decor to the nursery's theme
i bought this product to organize diaper changing items, in one of the photos it showed the wipes warmer of the same brand sitting nicely on the top, i got both products however the warmer is larger than the top so while it sits on the top its not stable.
fits on my pack and play and just holds the junk you know,  dont think i could live without this item.
i like that the side holders are removable, because i only ended up using one of them.
i was leery about this, since it's plastic and only cost ~$12, but it is awesome!
also, i got it from amazon two days earlier than it was estimated to arrive (bonus!!
).it is a very solid plastic - it is not flimsy at all.
it's easy to pull out the diapers one-handed (from the bottom slot of the holder).
i recommend this much more than a hanging cloth "diaper holder" - this organizer is so much more useful!
this is very convenient.
this was recommended to me by a fellow mom, and it works great!
i was worried about limited space on my changing table, but this has fixed the problem.
there's more than enough room for disposable diapers and they are very easy to take out and refill.
my changing table and crib have sleigh ends and unfortunately this makes the end piece too thick to fit into the hook.
i didn't think about this fact before ordering.
oops!
hopefully this review will save someone else some time/money.
best of luck with your new babies!
it is just what i needed to organize my changer table.
be aware that this product is not for a crib or a changer dresser or table top.
also the edge of the changer table needs to be less than an inch for it to fit properly.
i ordered this, fast 2 day prime shipping, and upon receiving it, immediately tried it (empty) on the side of the pack n play.
it fit and appears to be secure on the side so we can use the pack n play changing pad and have our diapering needs close by.
the little baskets on the side slide on and off, so you can choose whether or not to use them.
it's made from a nice strong plastic, though it would break if dropped like most clear hard plastics, do.
i highly recommend it if you need extra storage or shelf space!
after purchasing the depot, i found it does not work well on my changing table (dresser style with fold out top).
i had to put it on the side and was not pleased to find out that it is not possible to use unless it is hung.
more bad news...
i purchased the ultimate wipes warmer, which will not fit on top of the depot while it is hanging on the side of the changing table.
perhaps these products work fine with a typical changing table, but keep in mind they do not work with a folding top dresser type.
it is obviously not he prettiest thing over a nice railing, but it keeps our little one safe and does not obstruct the view much.
it started to stretch/tear when i put it in.
i am not sure it is going to hold up with the kids.
i don't really like that you have to screw into the railing, but a child's safety is way more important.
i wouldn't say it's too stylish either, but a person would be hard-pressed to find a stylish railing guard.
at the end of the day, it does what it says and keeps the kid from falling though the railing.
nothing more to add here as it's a net.
we bought a house that for all the other dumb stuff the sellers were asked to do after our inspection both personal and va, they didn't have issue with the openings between the rails on the stairway.
my older daughter could not just fit her head through but her whole body with no effort!
they are the typical late sixties rails and are metal.
before you scoff and say how you would just replace them with code wooden ones i implore you to look up the cost of a single family home in the dc metro area of potomac and you will likely gulp as you swallow your words!
so this netting is a much more viable and affordable option.
i hate to be vain but this looks awful.
it does serve it's purpose of keeping my baby from falling down the stairs which is most important.
i am counting down the days until i can get rid of it though.
not the best looking product but there is nothing else available in the market.
these are safe no doubt.easy to installshort...so i need two to cover my relatively small balcony.no more toys and even dishes landing on innocent pedestrians.
we are in a rental home so needed to set something up that would not leave any marks or damage.
took me awhile to thread and tie everything, but was certainly worth it.
not the prettiest net, but it works and it isn't permanent!
once you install this piece of netting, it really is a nice product.
pretty much worthless.
it would be helpful if they had more holes along the top pre-drilled so where your railings don't perfectly match up you can switch holes one or two inches over.
same thing for the corner, we found there was a pretty significant gap of where the horizontal and vertical holes met, therefore the corner kind of sagged.
we fixed this easily with a couple hand made holes, but they aren't quite as finished as the other holes.
like i said though, once installed, this netting is virtually invisible and has been complimented on by many of our guests.
this allowed me to save money because i didn't have to pay a handy man to add more spindles to my stairway banister.
let me start off by saying there is probably no way that i would install this inside my house.
my condo is on the second floor and while i wasn't concerned about my daughter falling through i didn't want to worry about her throwing her toys onto the deck below.
i didn't use the hooks and string that came with it because it looked sloppy and was frankly a bit of a pain to install.
if you are looking for something a little less 'attached' then the twine they supply would work.
all in all a nice cheap solution for a deck toy barrier!
just make sure you get more than one if you have a long deck.... one wasn't enough for me and i need to get another one.
it has been really great.
she flops around a little so we have to keep a hand on her, but i am sure it will be better suited for her when she gets a little bigger.
better price on this elsewhere... so be sure to shop around.
i have 2 sets of twins.
with my older twins i just bathed them in the tub, but after some very close calls, (bathing 2 at a time is tough and sometimes i just didnt have the patience, energy or time to bath one and than another).
my husband went out to buy a tub when we found out we were having another set of twins!
he came back with two of the biggest, most expensive tubs on the market!
okay they are "pretty" they fit baby very comfortably, infant or toddler.
i mean its really a monstrosity.
it practically takes up the entire tub!
so i cant even bathe them both at the same time unless they are on the floor!2.way too expensive, i mean yes if you have one child this may be the perfect tub out there, but baby tubs arent a neccesity if you have one (or 2) kids.
get a little imperfection and save the 10-15 bucks.so in my situation this tub is just not worth the hassle, and it fits in the big tub anyway so its not even that small.
and i forewarn you, if you want a sink tub, this is not the one for you.
the only thing i was surprised is that toyrus is selling this for $26.99 as the regular price which is definitely cheaper than what amazon is offering at.
no other hard plastic tubs i've tried fit her beyond a year or so.the primo keeps the water much warmer than a porcelein tub does, which is good in winter- you really notice the difference if you ever have to bathe your toddler in a regular bathtub.
you can't put much water in for safety reasons, and then it goes cold fast.
we try the big tub from time to time, but at age 2-ish, my daughter is still a bit wobbly, even just sitting in the tub and playing with her toys, and with the big tub being so slippery, the eurobath feels much more secure for her.
each side has some support, with the toddler end allowing more movement but not as much as just an open plastic tub- the plastic pommel in the center provides a nice barrier to force her to stay seated.and speaking of staying seated: you kind of have to stay seated in this tub- standing up in it is a little awkward, which is good.
in the big tub, my daughter constantly wants to stand up to "just get another toy" or different soap or whatever.
in the primo tub, she forgets to want to, because it's just not possible or comfortable to try to do so.the only "con" of this tub for me is that it's not quite as cushy and comfy as our previous inflatable tubs, and the hollowed out areas in the underside can get water deposit buildup and stains and are awkward to clean, even with the clorox bleach wipes i bought just for that purpose.everything else about this tub rocks!
i just wish i had known about this tub when she was a newborn, as we would not have had to try out and discard 5 different tubs prior to getting this one!
we got the eurobath when our daughter was six months old, and we love it!
it's true that you have your hands free for bathing, because the tub fully supports even the wiggliest baby.
our daughter was able to spread out her legs and splash around, and she still loves it now that she's a toddler.
we got this bath for our newborn.
unfortunately we weren't able to use it until very recently when she turned 4 m.o.
the issue is that the triangle stopper is very wide on newborn side and my girl was crying when we put her in this tub.
i love that there's the option to let them recline or sit up straight.
while my son is sitting up with no problems now and can catch himself (he's 7 months) i still recline him while i wash his hair so that i can avoid getting shampoo in his eyes.
i have never used the drain feature as i just tip the tub over when i'm done.
this is a great tub for babies too big for the sink but too small for the real tub!
i also recommend theoxo tot tub kneeling mat, blue- it really saves your knees while you bathe your child.
this tub will support your itty bitty newborn but its just too large.
i ended up using a small tub that sat on the sink which allowed me to wash my daughter in an upright position so i didnt have to bend over and get achy knees from the bathroom floor.
i had read all the reviews it seemed as tho this was the tub i must have!
but at my babies r us store they did not carry it so i ordered from another store for additional cost- i think i ended up spending close to $50 between the $30 tub, taxes and shipping costs when i couldve saved all that time and money and been so much better with a 14.95 tub...which she still can use now at 6 months.
my advice is to buy a smaller tub that you can use in the sink- save your back and spare your knees now because you wont always have the luxury of bathing your child this way long.
i bought this when my son was too big for the sink at about 5 months.
i would hang it from the shower curtain rod with a plastic ziptie threaded through hole in the tub and then one of these "s" shaped rubberized hooks from the container store.
i though that i would get more use out of this, but at 11 months it became unsafe since he was trying to climb out of the tub (not the tub's fault).
so the eurobath was replaced with a rubber rub liner with suction cups and now he walks around the real tub.
so easy to put baby in and wash them hands free
keeps baby nice and secure while still submerged in the water (those baby hammocks in other tubs don't really work well cuz baby is barely in the water).
has two ways to sit - more of laying down side and a sitting up side for when baby can sit up.
if you don't have a deep enough sink for the puj tub, this works well for small babies too.
the first 2 tubs (safety 1st and summer) were nice but became too small for our baby when he was just 2.5 months old.
wish we knew about this tub before, we wouldn't have wasted money over the first 2 tubs.excellent points on eurobath --1. huge space -- width, length and depth -- giving the baby enough space to splash and play (safely, without fear of him slipping into the water).
these help mom clean baby's armpits, nape and back without any hassle, while keeping the baby in place, secure and comfortable.4.
drains fast.net, this is the best-ever tub we've laid hands on.
highly recommended for babies from birth to toddler.
the drain is my only complaint - we use this tub by placing it in our "adult" tub and the way the drain is situated we have to lift the eurotub slightly to get it to drain (or place something under it to prop it up) -also: the drain cap should've been designed to open in the other direction so the natural water flow when draining wouldn't close the cap so easily.
we gave our baby his first bath in this when he was only 5 days old, and we're still loving it now that he's almost 5 months.
it's growing well with him and he always seems secure so that we don't worry about him slipping around.
it is a large tub (almost as long and wide as our standard bath), so i don't recommend it if you are looking for something easy to store.
while on vacation at a friends home i about lost my mind without this tub.
she had another baby tub and my daughter was sliding all over the place.
i have used the eurobath with the safer bather from the start with my baby and she doesn't slide anywhere.
she is now 8 months old and loves to kick and play in the water.
i plan to buy this for my friend when she has her next child.
after reading all the reveiw on this, i believed i had to have this tub.
buy the sponge - it is a couple of bucks and really all you need, in my opinion.we just sold it in our garage sale - i think we probably used it about 3-4 times before we gave up because of the hassle.
the infant side of this tub wasn't very comfortable for my newborn, she kept slipping and the middle portion that is supposed to keep the baby from slipping is a bit awkward with its triangular shape.
my mother didn't like it at all and she ended up getting us a very similar smaller version at walmart for 11 dollars, that was much more comfortable and actually fit in our sink.
after i read all the reviews here on amazon, i bought this bathtub right before the baby was born.
the baby feels safe in the built in cradle for smaller babies.cons: only downside is it is super big.
i would not put this in a regular size tub, can't imagine bending over like that is good for anyone's back or knees.overall:  i highly recommend this tub.
i bought this tub after reviewing almost all the other comparable tubs on here!
he is just starting to outgrow the small side (and he is very long for his age), so we just switch him to the other side or put him in the big bathtub if we wish.
it is large, but has plenty of room for your child as he/she grows.
one of my most useful buys!
this tub was the best we have used!
i have gotten rid of this tub twice thinking we were done just to have to buy a new one.
this infant bath is huge!
it's got anti-slip for infants and same goes for the toddler position.
only thing i did not like about the tub was that it's too shallow and my son is big for 9 month.
(i'm guessing the depth has something to do with safety).my brother who just has his daughter said his primo tub was too big so he wanted to switch.pros..it's bigconsit's too big and waste a lot of water.
over twice as much water as the fp whale tub.
which i would not mind if it was bit deeper so my son can get a better submersion but it's not any deeper than the fp whale tub.main problem is that flooring is too slippery so my son was startled everytime his bum slipped against the floor.
always smiles and never wanting to get but yesterday for the first time, i saw him startled and whining to get out of the tub.
in fact he would rotate and splash around while taking a bath without a problem.
with primo tub he stopped dead on his track, scared that he would slip.i supposed you can put a towel to offset the slipping problem but i think i'd rather look for another tub.
we like that this tub is large enough to bathe a toddler in.
it can be used for both babies and those that are old enough to sit up on their own
this product has been wonderful for us as we only have a stand up shower at home.
other baby tubs they would have out grown long ago, but this thing is really big.
like most parents, i try to streamline the baby gear i buy - if one product can have two uses or can be used into toddlerhood, i'm all for it.
that was my thought when purchasing this tub.
while i do love this tub, if i had to do it again, it wouldn't be the only one i'd buy.
while my daughter was about average length and weight at birth, i found she slid around quite a bit in this tub.
she just wasn't big enough for the supports to be very effective.
i put it away and just started bathing her in the sink.
it was only at about four months of age did i feel she could fit into this tub comfortably.
at that point she was in the 99th percentile for height and weight, and she fit into the eurobath very well.
we will probably transition her to the toddler side in a month or so.
if i had known that i wouldn't use this tub early on, i would have bought a puj tub or something similar for the sink for those first few months.other that that, we love the tub.
it's big, but that's a key feature.
the drain hole is fairly efficient, the molded plastic cradles your child, and the price isn't bad (try buy buy baby or bru - both are cheaper than amazon for this product).
remember to overturn or hang the tub up when empty so that it doesn't get mildewy (and it will if you leave water standing in it).
agree with everything all the other (positive) reviewers have said.
used this for two kids.
i felt like i could at least turn away from my baby long enough to fetch a washcloth or towel and know he would be safe.
plus, once they get old enough it's great that they can splash in the water without having to fill your whole bathtub.
it is really huge, though.
if you have a small bathroom, anticipate having to store it in your bathtub.
when i first got it i through we don't need this until baby is older but since he is able to sit upward we are using this.
he is a fast growing baby only one yr old but already bigger than many 18 months.
so fur this is the winner.
it also worked great when he was much smaller.
i did not have any luck with it, was very hard to bathe baby alone so i searched again and came across this one.
it is exactly what i needed.
she was probably about 8 lbs when we started using this tub and it cradles her so nicely so i don't have to hold her up or worry about her slipping under the water.
she is able to kick her feet and feels cradled and secure up by her arms.
it is a really big tub though.
that is the only downside, but it doesn't take away from the product at all so i didn't lower the rating.
i've tried other models when watching my friend's kids, nieces and nephews.
of the ones i've tried i felt that the molded ones don't grow well with the kids, and the ones with padding, foam, or the slings never get as clean as you want them.
i got this one based on the reviews, and none of those things have ever been a problem.it was a little big when my baby was a newborn, but i just lined the reclining end with a small towel (rolled up a bit at the bottom to give her a boost) and it propped her up perfectly.
the grandparents didn't have a baby tub, so i had to bathe her in the sink when visiting.
i dreaded it because i was so spoiled by how easy this tub makes bathtime.
i went so far as to bring it on vacation with us (for her and the 2 other babies there) - just packed a bunch of her stuff inside and threw it in the back of the car!
i am not chasing a slippery toddler up and down the length of a full size bathtub!it is a definitely a big tub compared to other models, but don't let that deter you.
i stuck it to the top of the tub wall opposite the shower head.
(the only thing with the suction hook is that if it's not locked down the tub can fall, and when it does it is loud!
but - lesson learned - it only takes a second to lock the hook.
)i've never used the drain.
she is only a little kid - i don't think she gets so dirty that she needs a whole tub full of fresh water to rinse.
after her bath i just tilt the entire tub up to dump it, wipe it out with one of those lysol or clorox disinfecting wipes, rinse it and hang it up.
the only real crevice to clean out is the drain plug.
the rest of the surface is smooth so it wipes down quickly.overall, i feel like this tub is easy to use, easy to clean, and easy to store.
we're expecting another baby and - again - we will be using this tub just as soon as this one can take a real bath!
i really wanted to love this bath, but i don't.it is just too big even in my rather big bathroom.my baby wasn't really into this tub either.i'm still keeping it in case if we have another baby.if you are having a first baby, i would recommend using infant bath seat from primo.it is easy to use, clean and store.
primo claims that the &#34;eurobath is the only bath tub you'll ever need&#34;.
it might just be true!when our lo was born, we started with one of the smaller standard bathtub with a net.
now that we've tried it, we wish we'd have gotten the eurobath right from the start.pros:- fits in our standard bath tub- can be hanged (we use a command hook)- keeps baby comfy and safe for months on the &#34;baby&#34; side (at 7 months old, 18 lbs and over 28&#34;, our lo still uses the &#34;baby side&#34;)- there seems to be lots of space on the other side for when we're ready for it- empties fast and easily- actually saves water because it's so wide that there's no water loss when filling from the tub spout- no mold issues- baby loves it!cons:haven't found any yet.
i love the fact it's big.
now when i give my 6 month old a bath, i can do it on the counter not breaking my back doing it in the tub.it's no frills, no toys, lights just a tub.
i love it, it's really big and very sturdy.
we got this when he was younger but since it doesn't have any padding we used instead a different tub until he was able to somewhat sit up (maybe he wouldn't have cared, but it looked painful).
the stopper has never leaked!
very well designed and extremely well made.
it fits well in the large family bathtub but also on the worktop next to the sink when my back is too sore to lean over the bath.
i love the fact that as he gets older he can sit up at the other end and i won't have to use so much water as the large family bathtub for him for quite some time.
i haven't seen a better bath anywhere.
liked the fact that it can be easily used for newborns as they don't slip down and sink!it's very resistant and durable, the only thing i don't like is that you need plenty of space to storage it.
i had a different baby tub before this because i thought this was too expensive.
it prevents my baby from sliding.the toddler side is great too!
i have a narrow tub and was worried it wouldn't fit in it, but it fit perfectly!
it has ones side where she can lie down and the other side where she can sit up.
we started using this when she was 5 months; she could not yet sit by herself.
she is now 8 months and sits very well on her own.
she'll use the sitting up side for part of her bath, but still very much enjoys lying down on the other side.
i was hesitant when i bought it, but now that we've had it for a few months, i would definitely buy it again.
so i completely forgot how important this would be for my now 4 month old son!
* the eurobath doesnt leak on the counter, which is a god-send since it didnt fit in our double sink too well* holds enough water to cover my baby* has an infant side for babies who cant sit up yet (although we put a little dishtowel there for extra "gripage")* has a toddler side for infants who can sit up, gives them some room to play* cute color too* will fit in the big tub when we need it there* cleans up very easilybut* its really really big and its hard to store* theres no support to keep a baby from slipping* it wont fit in the sink* its expensiveall in all though, this is a great tub and by far the best available on the market, really comfortable, dont waste your time buying a cheaper model, you will just wind up buying this one anyway, if you wind up with a good tub.
however as your baby get older, you may have to switch out of the bath tub since it doesn't provide much sitting space for older baby.
it also gives a good support for the head.
you can actually enjoy to give a bath to your baby by focusing more in cleaning and playing with the baby than worring about finding a way to hold him to avoid him to drown.
it really facilitates the bath for first time parents.
the tub is incredibly well constructed, with a convenient drain at the bottom.
it is longer than many tubs, but you can use it for a very long time and it stores conveniently right inside your bathroom tub or closet.i highly recommend this product!
i am so glad she told me about this tub, since it is so big and he won't grow out of it for a long time!
i imagine that this tub would be great for a newborn as well.
he wanted to kick the water, but was kicking the plastic instead, which made him unhappy.
he tried it out yesterday and he was so happy!
he could finally kick and splash in the water.
in this bath he can splash the water with his hands too.
he looked really crammed in the first year's tub compared to this one.
he stayed in the bath for 40 min splashing, laughing and cooing nonstop.
no matter how much he moved, he stayed well secured.great bath!
yes it is big, but that is the point!
we chose this tub because of the molded infant side and the big toddler side.
a few weeks later, he flipped out of my husband's hands and landed face down in the tub, so we discontinued use of the tub until he was about 4 months old.now that he's older, he loves it!
while lying in the infant side, he had the freedom to splash around, and i never have had a problem with him rolling over or anything- the sides help keep him from doing that.he's now 7 months old, and we've switched him to the other side of the tub.
he loves it, and the middle core keeps him from sliding around too much.the biggest setback with this tub is it is huge.
the drain is also inadequate- it is much easier to just pick it up and dump all the water out.
it is too big to fit in my sink so i must put it on the countertop to bathe my 3 week old or be subject to putting it into my bathtub which is hard on my back.
it also has very high sides so it is very difficult to reach into it to bathe him; even though i am 5' 8".
i had a smaller tub for my daughter which fit very well in my sink (sure comfort deluxe) but i had lost the net which is required for a newborn so that's the only reason why i purchased this one (it got very good reviews).
we put it on the counter between our double sinks so it is easy to use.
i wish there were some kind of gripper for them to lay on, we use a towel so he doesn't slide around as much.
it is nice and deep, which is good for boys just in case they pee, it doesn't make it out of the tub.
i get annoyed at the plug to drain the water, the pressure of the water flowing through it closes it, so you have to hold it open to drain the water.
we had a fisher-price baby bathtub that someone gave us.
that aspect of it was nice, but when we started putting our son down in the water, he was moving all over the place and sliding down a lot.
we used the f-p tub for about 4 months.i checked bathtub reviews inbaby bargains: secrets to saving 20% to 50% on baby furniture, gear, clothes, toys, maternity wear and much, much more!
it has guides for the baby's arms and legs and a crotch post to keep him/her from sliding down.
when he didn't want to be laying down for baths anymore, we switched him to the other side where he could comfortably sit up and play.
at some point, we started putting this tub inside our bathtub.
he is 18 months now so we probably used it for about 14-15 months.pros:-nice supports and guides to keep your wee babe from sliding all over the place-sunken areas for storing soap/shampoo-bigger area for older babies-recommended use for up to age 2-drainage holecons:-big.
this tub is huge-we had some issues with leaking from the drainage hole, but it was very little water so we just wiped it up when we were finished with a bath.
it was about a tablespoon of water each time.
this is really a great product.
found it to be safe and secure as one side is more shallow for the newborn.
my newborn squirmed and cried bloody murder during her sponge baths so you can imagine how nervous i was to immerse her in water for her first real bath.
i needn't have worried.
the shape of the infant side kept her comfortably cradled and even when she squirmed she stayed in place, allowing me to focus on getting her squeaky clean.
(no need for two sets of hands).
when she "fouled" the water, i used the drain to quickly empty the tub and then refill it before continuing with the bath.
since there is a toddler side i will be able to use this tub for quite some time before she transitions to the bathtub.
also the lack of slings or other cloth pieces eliminates concerns about the tub being fully clean and sanitary.
my mother saw the tub and scoffed why would anyone buy a tub when they could just wash the baby in the sink.
then she saw how easy and effortless bath time was and she was sold.
it's worth every penny.things to know:1) the tub is big.
start on one when she was a newborn, but then as she got older, she moved to the other side.
about 2 months into it realized that the plug actually suctions to the side on the tub, so the water flows easily.
unfortunately we have to use it in the bath tub since it's so big which makes it difficult for us having to bend over all the time to wash her.
we don't have that much kitchen counter space so it won't work in that manner.all in all, our daughter enjoys it and seems quite secure in it.
she's not slipping around and she is well supported.pros:-plastic seems durable, not flimsy-no foam/anti slip material in tub = less mildew, bacteria growth-has drain in tub-infant is well supportedcons:-a little pricey-bigcompared to all the other tubs we saw, this one is a lot better in quality and function.
i would definitely recommend this to my friends!
the other tubs out there are way too gimmicky
this is an excellent tub.
second i tried another tub, i wish i could remember which one to warn you, but she just kept on slipping down to the bottom of that one despite its "no slip surface".finally i tried the eurobath.
never had a problem bathing my daughter in it.
i used it all the way until my daughter was large enough to go into the tub herself.only down side is that its huge.
if you lack storage space, this can be annoying, but its definitely worth it.
love this bathtub.
i was looking for a simple plastic design so that the tub would be easy to clean/sanitize with no mold issues.
the prieuro has no crevices.
i have been using this since lo was 2 weeks old.
looking forward to using this until lo is a toddler!
i wish i could chime in with other reviewers and say how great it is, but i had some issues with it and thought others might benefit from my experience.
first of all, it's huge.
if you have a large bathroom with a nice long countertop to work from, then this wouldn't be a problem.
secondly, the infant section of the tub is quite large.
my baby was born under 7 lbs., and would've just slipped right out of the molded section unless i kept at least one hand supporting him at all times.
lastly, this occurred to me after i had purchased it, but having a toddler side of the tub really is unnecessary.
if they're at the point of where they're sitting up, you could just use your regular tub to bathe them.
i'll use the baby tub, simply because i've already purchased it, and it will save water, but all in all i wish i had gotten something else.
he absolutely loves it - he kicks and splashes and has so much fun in the bath!
it's very supportive, but at the same time, he has a lot of freedom to play.
he sat up where my son lies, and also had support and freedom at the same time.
it's too large for our kitchen cabinet, but it works well inside a bathtub.
just be ready with your video camera the first time you put your child in it!
i got this tub on the advice of previous reviews and have to agree it's great.
it is big, i store mine on it's end in our linen closet and set it on the kitchen counter for baths.
my girls slipped around a little on the infant side until i put a burping cloth under them.
the wet fabric helped keep them in place.
my only complaint is the drain plug must have been stuck in backwards.
the force of the draining water blows it closed so i have to prop it open by sticking a pair of scissors through the hole.
we didn't really use it until she could sit on her own at about 6-7 months though.
i didn't like it for before she could sit...another option with more padding is better.
i will continue to use this until she's 2...it's great that i don't have to fill up the whole tub and feels much safer.
i registered for this tub after doing my research and reading reviews and have only had positive experiences with it.
it's the first tub we've had, and i predict it will be the only one we ever have.
i have used it for my 3 month old since her first water bath and i have had no problems.
my daughter just loves splashing around in it and it fits her little body so well that i don't worry about her slipping out or off of the infant rests while i bathe her.
when her bath is finished, i simply dump her water into the large bathtub to drain and store this one away.
there is a drainage hole and pipe for easy draining if you choose to use it somewhere other than a bathtub.
there is a lot of room for her to grow also - we'll be using this tub for years to come!
we had a pretty big newborn (9lbs) so this worked really well for us.
i think i would be scared to put a baby littler than that in it though.
i'm glad i have a basement because storing it anywhere else would be a pain.but the size is one of the reasons i love it too.
son really likes kicking and splashing around in it and i feel he is very secure in there.
i love the little sections to put his shampoo and soap as well.
i love the little "out spout" it has too to empty it.
this means your hands will be free which is great for a quick bath if your baby is like mine and cries during the whole time.
we registered for this site unseen based on the reviews.
at first, i thought a refridgerator had been delivered!
(okay...slight exaggeration.)
but it was huge.(...)
wow -- where do i begin?
this tub is, hands down, the very best bathtub on the market.
we chose it based on the rave reviews of a trusted friend and the advice of nicu nurses in a baby preparation class we took.
our daughter's very first bath was in this tub just the way it's pictured here (no infant insert needed).
she'll be 22 months-old next week and still fits in this tub.
now that's what i call bang for your buck.we got one of those inflatable duck tubs for our daughter's first birthday as a gift.
we assume other inflatable tubs will be too per their dimensions.
in addition, the duck tub was so narrow that our daughter's bath toys would have been piled up on her lap.
in the eurobath, even at nearly two, she still has plenty of room to sit and play with all manner of bath toys.
i can wash her hair and her body without holding onto her or worrying she'll slide and bump her head, etc.
we'll probably just start putting the eurobath in the adult tub for a while now until she outgrows it.i cannot say enough good about this tub.
you will not find a better tub out there because it just doesn't exist.
other tubs may have "spa" features or temperature devices but they don't hold a candle to this tub.
you can buy a cheap rubber duckie bath water thermometer at any baby store and they work fine.
this is just the best design on the market and you will thank yourself time again, probably for two years or more, for buying this tub.
we do, that's for certain.
it also has a plug on the bottom which makes it easy to empty.
i love that it holds an older baby too.
it's nice and big, the water covers her whole body and she has room to splash and play with good support.
we don't usually use the drain plug, it's light enough to just dump the water out.con:for 0-3 months this tub had issues because it does not have the newborn sling.
(it looks like there are holes for one but there's nothing to buy from primo).our solution was to place a folded towel beneath her in the bath which did work great and provided her comfort and support while bathing.
you just have a soggy towel to wash after every bath which is taxing.
his neck is still unstable so i had to hold his neck the entire time while taking a bath rather than it whacking on the hard plastic.
also the protruding centerpiece is a good place to crush a baby's balls so watch out especially if he's too small to fit in the tub properly!
i think this tub would be good for older infants or toddlers but not for our two month old.
bathing my infant girl has been so easy thanks to this bathtub!
she has never cried during her bath, even when i pour water over her head, because the seat positions her so that it is next to impossible to get water in her face or ears.
she is six months old now and loves her bathtime more and more each day.
she still cannot sit up on her own, but with my assistance i have also moved her over to the deeper side of the tub so that she can play in the water.
i can already see that the tub is designed so that a baby can sit in it with the bare minimum amount of slipping and sliding.
yes, it is much bigger than most tubs, which makes it impossible to store anywhere but in your own tub or shower stall, but it is worth it, because i know that we will be using it well past her first year.
we had it for our first and got rid of it thinking we weren't having more.
but we had another one and had to have this tub again.
if a plastic tub can't endure shipping, how can it handle a growing toddler?
i had a nightmarish experience returning through marketplace, horrible experience for a cheap overpriced tub.
i ended up ordering the hoppop bath, which i love.
the pri tub certainly wasn't worth the $50 i spent.
go to bed,bath,& beyond to see it in person and pay $24.99 if you really want it.
after much research i got this tub.
for my newborn i simply prefer to roll up a towel and call it good.
she just chills out in it while we scrub away!
but we just tip the water out in the tub once we're done bathing her.
all you would need is a little pad to put under baby's butt or back..everything else it perfect!
it is a little on the big side...so if you have a small place, i would invest in something a little smaller...go to [...] they have this bath tub & another one that is a little smaller, so you can actually hide it under a cabinet & not keep it out in th open all the time because of how big it is :) just nail it to the wall (back of door) like i did :)
one thing i didn't understand when i registered for this online is that it's huge!
we lived in a small one-bathroom condo when i had my first baby and it was difficult to find a place for this thing since we had to take it out of the tub every time we showered.if you have a bathroom that's just for the baby where you can leave the tub in there all the time, this tub is perfect.
if, however, you bathe your baby in your own bathroom, consider getting the sure comfort tub that's smaller.
it is huge and can be slippery but if your child loves water and loves to splash around this is probably going to be the right tub for you.
i will say, however, that after ordering it off of amazon, i found it for a cheaper price at babies r' us so check around.
i used this bathtub from the day i brought my son home until he was old enough to climb out of it on his own.
when he was really tiny we just put a rolled up waschloth at his groin to prop him up a bit more.
but it was so nice that he could be supported but be deeper in the water.
as he got older we were able to let him splash and kick and explore so much more because the back is so supportive.
yes, it is a little large, but it has a drain in the bottom and we just stored it in the regular bathtub when we werent showering.
recommend it to all my moomy-to-be friends.
we didn't buy this seat until our daughter was 4 months old, because we were previously using the puj tub.
i love the fact that it is non-toxic plastic, made in the usa, and can be used for many months.
one side has a cradle seat for younger babies, and the other side has a round piece that keeps older babies who can sit up from slipping and falling.
when she can sit up, we will put her on the other side.
we will feel much safer putting her in this knowing that she won't be able to slip like she would in the regular bathtub.
the drain on the side is a nice convenience and makes emptying it easy.
the only issue is it's size, but we found that it fits perfectly under the crib and we store all of the baby toys, towels and baby bath products inside.
just make sure to use a thin bath towel under the baby to keep them from sliding so much, only issue i've had is that the piece for the leg split is too wide on the baby side, at four months my daughter still has a hard time having to sit there with her legs that wide apart...  it is just short of 4" wide on the baby side and not shaped for her legs to go over it either.
this is a great tub for when babies have out-grown the infant type tubs, but can't yet sit on their own in big tubs.
he splashes to his little heart's content.
my only negative comment, is about how slippery it is.
i still have to have one hand on him at all times because he likes to reach for things and squirm and he has taken a couple headers into the water, which he didn't seem to mind, where it gave me palpitations.
it's a lot of work to hold him in place while he's kicking and splashing, while also trying to bathe him.
i use a towel on the bottom of the tub to make it less slick, and it does help, but it isn't fool proof.
it ended up being more of a hassle to use this then just jump in the bath with her.
plus i had more control over her in the bath versus struggling with this giant thing.
she  kept sliding down, even when we used a  towel under her.
this is a great product!
used it for 1st time today.
we just graduated from that 1st year tub (with sling) since he look too big for the other tub.1 less star for the scratches and dirt on the tub when it arrived.
but it's good after washing.
well it's a molded plastic.
nothing fancy.
so roomy and it's very clean/sleek looking!
my son is in the 90 percentile for his height & 60 percentile in weight.now the reason why i gave it 4 stars: it is not ideal for newborns because it doesn't come with a hammock.
this tub does not.
if you have a smaller baby, i don't recommend this for your newborn!
in my opinion this is more ideal for babies who are 14lbs and up!
we've been using this since birth for the past 4 months and it's working well.
i don't really have a comparison point but no complaints.
the back seems a little slippery so we put an organic cotton diaper on it as a little pad to make things more comfortable.
there is plenty of room and i think we'll begin to love this more once she is old enough to sit up.
for now, we get through bath without any tears or falls and that is good enough for me!
super useful and will be used for much longer than a typical baby bathtub.
i like that there are two sides- one for a reclining baby and the other for a toddler sitting up.
this is better to use than sitting in the bottom of what can be a very dirty bathtub and  it saves me from having to wash the bathtub multiple times per week.
i really like this tub for my sitting baby.
she still manages to swish herself around face down, despite the little barrier that sits between the baby's legs.
but that's why you're never supposed to leave babies unattended in the bath.
they can manage all sorts of crazy things when left to their own devices.the only reason i didn't give this tub 5 stars is because the white tub develops a little brown spot where her bum sits.
i clean her thoroughly with wipes before each bath, so i'm not sure why this is happening, and she's never pooped in the tub.
i've tried scrubbing it with baby-safe detergents, but it won't come off.
it seems to be permanently stained.
i'm too afraid to try bleach in that spot, since it's where the most sensitive part of her body rests in the tub.
if i could have gotten another color for the same price, i would have.
we had a 4 stage tub for our son, but he got really big and it didn't fit any more.
and decided to try it.
i never used it for my son when he was an infant, but you can put the baby in one way and they recline, then face them the other way once they can sit up.this thing is fabulous!
in fact, now he hates to get out of the tub since has so much fun in there.
she loves this tub as she can kick her feet around with plenty of room.
it seems to be made well and is super sturdy, we have been using it for a month and i can see using it until she grows out of it.
if you only have one bathroom and are low on storage space, you would probably want to look elsewhere but if you have the space, this is a must!
i don't use the drain feature, so that doesn't bother me (other people have said it's hard to drain.)
i lay my kiddo down to bathe him but allow him to sit up to play.
actually, he can switch himself between the different seating options now (he's 8 months), which worries me a little, that he's that mobile in the tub, but hey, i'm right there watching, so i guess it doesn't matter much, and it entertains him to move around and chase toys around the tub.
this is a big improvement over our previous tub, which had no built-in supports - only a separate chair on which our son would constantly be sliding downward.three places for improvement:1.
there is no stand, and apparently you can't purchase one.
i built my own to elevate the tub 6&#34;-7&#34; in order to save my back.
(i don't endorse this - a poorly built stand would present its own obvious risks).
the middle support piece could be taller.
however, the does a full-body kick (like in professional wrestling to escape a pin), and has almost managed to throw his whole body onto the top of the supporting piece.
my daughter freaks out in the bathtub, and i thought that getting a smaller tub would help her to feel more secure.
this is the second time i have purchased a primo brand product (the first time was a primo potty), and i have been very pleased both times.
i think that the plastic could be a little bit thicker, but i think it is durable enough to withstand several years of use.
newborns can be so wriggly &amp; this product was a great help at bath-time!
especially for 1st time parents!
the only change to this product i'd recommend is a foam liner where baby sits/lies.
i went to a craft store &amp; bought some for cheap &amp; installed it myself (used a towel as a 'liner' the first 2 baths).
really a nice product, helped me feel more comfortable about bathing a newborn!update at 4.5 months age:  i stand by my statement above in that this is a great product - if you use it.
i have taken baby into the bath with me more often &amp; daddy helps to dry him off when we are done.update at 7 mos (july04): using more now that he is bigger &amp; harder to take to the tub with me (wants to crawl in the water).
still would have liked for a layer of foam against the back, as said above i did my own!
i bought this when my 5 month old got too big for his small baby bathtub (he was 20lbs then).
he was a really big baby and his arm and legs were starting to hang out of the other one.
the baby seat my mom got me wouldn't stick to my bathtub floor and would tip over.
so i'm so happy i found this.
exactly what i needed.
super easy and my son had so much fun taking a bath since he could play with a couple toys.
he is 30 pounds now and for him if he leaned over the side he would start tipping the whole bath.
but i think it's pretty sturdy, maybe just that my boy is a big for age.
lifesaver for me when he was 6-12 months though!
and it still looks brand new now, so i can use it again for next baby.
my son is 7 months old...we've been using it since he was approx.
we used one of those "bear" shaped bath sponges to support him a little when he was tiny, but we're still using this tub and we love it!
he's now able to sit up and play in it.
i can see we'll be using it for a while!
it's a good investment.
we just recently stopped using it for our 18 mo old just because she can now sit in the regular tub but this little bath tub was great!
very durable and easy to clean.
the design really helps little ones stay upright when they are starting to sit.
we could have used this the whole time if we'd had it!
we used it on our kitchen island counter-top until about 6 months when my son was really sitting up unassisted.
unless you have a sink right next to a large enough counter space you will have to bail the tub a bit unless you are really strong.
one side is sloped for reclining.
makes hair washing a breeze if your older baby will stay reclined!
the opposite side is a little deeper for older babies.
there is a drain plug built in that hasn't leaked on me yet!
just press it in when setting up the tub to be sure.
the stopper on the drain plug tends to flop back down making draining the tub take a little longer.
we just squish one of his squirt toys between the walls of the recline and side of the tub and tuck the stopper underneath.
this is a great tub for her getting ready to sit up on her own.
it drains easily and easy to clean.
it is large, taking up a good amount of space, but when hung on the wall (there is a hole in the top rim of the tub for this very use) it's simple to take down and set up and then give baby a bath.
i used it on the kitchen counter in our small condo (as we didn't have much space anywhere else) and then i used it on the large bathroom counter in our townhouse.i tried that sponge shape for our first son in the regular bathtub and that really hurt my back (and he didn't like lying down in the water).
this keeps baby's head elevated even when he can't support it; but baby can sit up on his own later in the other end...
i didn't use it until my daughter was 5 months.
while you would never leave a child unattended - it does provide a great deal of support.
i have a hard time getting my daughter out of the bath - she just loves being in there!
i have four kids and have used so many different tubs.
there are even spots to hold soap, shampoo or wash cloths.
i like that and i always put my stuff in these areas before i even start the bath so that everything is right there and i don't have to reach for anything.
here is the one warning and tip i will give:  my second son was very active during bath time.
he kept on trying to stand and he kept slipping and smashing his little behind and nether regions on the molding.
this happened a few times until i learned that this tub was no longer a good tub for him.
i packed it away and brought it out when my third son was born.
i will use it until my son has the same problem.
i don't think it's a problem with the tub - just something that you should be aware of and watch out for.
i had the previous version of this same tub with my older children (a hand me down).
thinking i was done having children, i gave it to a friend.
several years later, chose to have another child and ordered a new tub.improvement: this one has a plug you can pull out, rather than a tube.
it also has a support between the legs, again to prevent the infant from slipping.
reclines a newborn slightly, since htey obviously cannot sit upright.when baby is older, seat him on hte other end, where he can sit upright.this tub fits inside any standard bathtub.
i love it, works great, and recommend to every new mom!!
we purchased this tub in transparent blue.
one for infants who need to lay reclined, and the other is for older babies/toddlers who can sit up with minimal or no support.
other reviews state that the drain is slow, but i wouldn't know....i use the tub inside our regular bath tub and dump it when we're finished.
have been using this tub for about four months and have no complaints.
you cannot go wrong with this bathtub!
it has an end for the infant and an end for the toddler!
worked really well for us and we never had to buy two sizes of tubs!
also, it is nice that it has ledges to hold your wash cloth or soap too!
our baby's umbilical cord stump fell of when she was just a few days old, so we bathed her in this tub.
she was too tiny for her arms to fit in the arm places, but it worked perfectly because she fit snugly and securely in the place that the body is supposed to go.
baby won't slip under the water because of the plastic mouldings, so you can have both hands free to wash and reach.
once our baby was big enough to sit up, we put her on the other end (toddler end), and she plays and splashes, while still having the plastic molding so she can't slip back into the water.
she's 18 months old now and we fill the tub to the brim in the big bathtub.
when i was pregnant and looking to buy a tub i went through every review on amazon to see which one people liked most.
now after using the tub for about 6 months i see why everyone is so pleased.i have never had to bathe a baby before so i was a little scared at first.
this tub's contoured bottom made it so easy!
there is a place designed specifically for your baby to rest comfortably without you having to hold them.
if that is the case, use a towel underneath them to hold them in place.the only people that should maybe hesitate to buy this tub are those with very limited space.
there is also a way to hang it on the wall too but i'm not sure why you would need to go that far.i don't recommend trying to move the tub when it is filled with water due to it's size.
i simply fill it in my bathtub, sit on the floor and bathe my son, then when i'm done i tip the tub up and let the water drain.
there is tube that you can use to let the water drain from so you don't have to lift the tub, but i find it faster just to lift it up and dump the water out.other than those with little storage space i see no reason why anyone shouldn't buy this tub.
however, bathing him in the tub kills my back!
now that he sits well unsupported he would rather sit, which this tub allows.
but when he was a newborn he was able to lie down and be well supported.
it is large and spacious and i think it could easily be used well into the toddler years.
my only complaint is the drain.
we have to put a plastic spoon in the hole to keep it open, otherwise the water pressure pushes the plug shut while it's draining.
other than that, i absolutely love this and would recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to awkwardly bathe their child in the regular tub.
great bath tub and my toddler is 3 now and we are still using it.yes, this is  a bit more expensive than some other models and brands, but you really get what you pay for.the fact that we are still using it after 3 years, that alone is worth the price.we have given this product along with a bottle of argan oil (i love the brand vitaville) to many of my girlfriends for baby shower.
i have two children, while my younger one loves it, my toddler still hates bath time.
however, this is much better and less intimidating that a regular bath.
i'm hoping to find a way somewhere in here to get my toddler to enjoy bath time, currently its like war just getting her leg wet!
its big enough for a toddler and perfectly built inside for a smaller infant.
this was a life saver!
lightweight and enough room for my lo who is 8 months old to play.
this was the only bathtub i purchased, based on all of the stellar reviews, and boy was i disappointed!!
she hates the tub and we're still doing sink-side sponge baths!!
if i had to do it again, i'd get one of the smaller tubs that has the sling-type support!
if your baby is a preemie or is just on the smaller side, do not buy this tub - it is just way too huge and really has no supports!!!!!!!!!!!
it's considerably smaller, has walls that go straight up (versus being slanted, like the primo) all the way around, and i think it just makes her feel so much more secure and safe!!
should've gone with this from the beginning.....
i purchased this after the fold away unit i had been using for the first four months just wasn't cutting it anymore.
i will start by saying this unit is big.
although there is a side for newborn infants, i think they would slip around too much and the unit would be very big for a small baby.
that being said, i started using this when my grandson was 5 months old...he is now 14 months old and i use it every week and i don't see him growing out of it anytime soon.
to save my back i put this on my kitchen island for bath time and i have no problems transferring it with a few inches of water in it from the sink to the counter island.
it is very easy to clean and i just leave it in the bathtub to drain completely and store it there...when i need the tub i just take it out.
well made heavy duty plastic will last for babies to come.
yes it does take up some space but i hide it in the tub behind the shower curtain and i'm just fine with that,  i find that i don't use the plug as it seems easier for me just to dump the water into the sink from the long end.
after our twins got too big for baths in the sink but still too small to just sit in a tub, we were at a loss.
all of tubs we saw were meant for one kid and we were hoping to be able to give them baths at the same time.
i finally saw the eurobath and decided to try it out.
one baby had to recline while the other partially sat up, but we could finally give them baths at the same time.
we've been using it for several months now with no problems whatsoever.
if you live in a small place, consider that because it is very large and difficult to store.on a side note, the packaging was beyond awful.
the box was damaged, not closed...bad bad bad
this bath tub is humongous.
it needs its own bath room.
too big to put it on top of a kitchen sink.
since the only place i found for it near water source is inside our bath tub, which places it practically at ground level, my back is killing me.unless your are planning to remodel your bathroom to fit this monster, go for something else.
definitely not for a 700 sqr foot apartment in the city.
literally, my 3 year old can take a bath in it.
it has both positions for infant and toddler, so really can last a long time.
if you are not looking for something large, this is not the tub for you :-)if you have a smaller infant (which i always do), i would think adding a sponge insert will help to allow even the smallest baby to fit.we love it!
saved the day.
this one claims to be the biggest on the market.
she fits fine in this one and has just bought her mom and dad at least another year before they have to worry about putting her in the bathtub which they now do not have.
we started using it as soon as my son's cord stump fell off.
alex *hated* sponge baths, but he loves his primo tub.
alex kicks his feet into the water, but i don't have to worry because he is held up by the raised center bumper and doesn't slip too far into the water.
the depth is perfect, too - the baby doesn't get too chilled.i agree with some of the other reviewers that the drain is very small for the product size, but really, it's not hard to just upend the tub and dump out the bath water once the baby's out.
i also like the indentions to hold the soap and bath products because keeping those in close reach is very handy.
the only real negative is the size of the primo - it gets unwieldy when we have to take it out of the tub when company comes over, but otherwise we just leave it in the tub.i look forward to using this for many years!
this tub it gigantic.
this bathtub is excellent because you can use it from birth to toddlerhood.
i started using this for my son's first bath and it was great.
i just put a towel underneath him and he was safe and secure.
sure, we could probably just use the bathtub, but this will use much less water and i feel he's much safer in it.
if he accidentally slips backwards, the sloping backrest catches him without injury.it's nice and big - for me, this is a plus as i think he'll continue to fit comfortably in it for at least another year.
not many.
considering this fact, it's $25 well spent.also, it might be nice for some to know: if the stopper/gasket breaks, the company will send you a replacement free of charge.
given this fact, the bathtub could last for generations!
;)
i have ventured to three bathtubs (firstyears, safety1st, and finally primo eurobath) for my daughter.
nothing is even comparable to this eurobath.
she is having fun in it!
and always looking for to bath time.
my daughter is now 13 months and she is about 20 lbs.below is the comparison of the other bathtubs to eurobath.
with other tubs, i experiences:1.
not much room for her to grow and play in the bathtub.
and the water is just covering her buttock (not even up to her waist).while eurobath gives her so much room to play and keep her body warm with the water that cover up to her chest.2.
too much curving that is just hard to clean!
the infant sling i have, use a metal that finally got give away to corrossion due to its daily exposure to water for the first 6 months.
so basically it was useless!
and for the other one, it was just too narrow for the infant part.while eurobath infant section has so much space that even my daughter still fit in there for hairwash.
no need to bother corrosion issues too!4.
the toddler section is using a chair that is always too big,  my daughter almost always slipping and i need to hold her with my muscle to avoid her sliding.while eurobath toddler section is just made ergonomically that holds her position in the water.
so less to no more chance of sliding.5.
yes i am editing adding this particular benefits that i noticed lately too:  have you ever had a problem after soaping your baby's buttock then when it times to rinse by filling up the water to the bath tub, you took your baby out thinking it is well rinsed but yet noticed that the buttom of your baby is still soapy?
well at least i did.the firstyears and safety1st that we have only cover up to my daughter's waist: if i want to clean the buttock, i need to basically pull her up to rinse it (and pulling her in those bathtubs are not easy because not too much room and not to mention she is heavy too).while the eurobath: because it covers close to her chest, i just need to slide her around to clean the buttock.
i let the water do the work (floating/buoyancy).
and with so much room, my hand can reach and clean her buttock easily.well i could rave about this product on and on.
glad that i purchased this product and to listen to other parents' reviews here!
we call this tub "moby dick" in our house on account of it's size, but this has been a great tub for my now 16 mo old.
this was one of the best purchases we've made!
we purchased it directly at the store which i see was wise since shipping can be so expensive.it is very big compared to the other tubs out there, but we just store it in our bathtub when it's not in use.
this is the only tub i would recommend!
this was such an upgrade from our last bath tub, my daughter is 5 months old and on the big side for height and weight.
i'd just like to forewarn you do not need to put too much water into this tub since they are reclined so deeply into, and the only con is there isnt any grips on it so once your kid finds out how much fun it is in this tub they can jump around and thus slip around a bit- not bad-- but wanna keep a close eye on them.
i looked really hard for a tub that can grow with a baby.
the only thing i don't like about the tub is the size.
it's huge.
this is the only tub you need.
our newborn uses one side and the older toddler uses the other side.
it is so multi-tasking.
if you buy a newborn tub, you will be buying this one shortly thereafter because your newborn will outgrow the small one so quickly.
the tub has been great since she was a newborn, and weighed in at 7 lbs.
11 oz.
we originally bought one of the sponge teddy bear pads to put her on inside the tub, but found it unecessary and uncomfortable for her because she was now out of the water too much.
instead to make the plastic where she lays a little comfier we put in a hand towel to lay on.
we are extremely happy with this tub and would have rated it five stars, except for the fact that it is huge.
it is very hard to find anywhere to store this monstrous tub after the bath when it is damp.
that said, the fact that it is so big allows two parents to enjoy giving the bath together to the little one, and allows for the deepness of the water a tradeoff you'll have to decide on.
this bathtub was recommended by one of my best friends, a supermom, and i am so glad i bought this on her advice!we've been using this tub since the little girl was a little under a month, and at first i needed to be more supportive of her as she'd squirm and start to slip one way or another.
but already at just 3 months she lays and splashes and plays in the little molding and we can float a duck around at her and clean her so easily as it supports her.
there is a max fill line and a little drain, though i really just flip it over after we bath her in our tub.
the biggest issue is storage - it would never have fit in our old apartment.
we leave it in the tub, flipped up to dry.
thank you!!!
we buy a fair share of made in china stuff, so it is nice to see a made in the usa product.
the drain in the bottom is a great idea as well.
i also like that there is a drain in the tub.
would have given 5 stars if there was an insert to buy for infants.
one of the other reviewers commented to buy no slip pads and this is very helpful.
will be very slippery without.
my baby is 5 months old and was outgrowing the infant bathtub that sat on the sink.
it was the first time he could splash around and the first time dad heard him laugh!
he doesn't find it so amusing anymore but it's great for me because i can give him a bath alone now instead of having to have another person hold him up in the tub.
yes, the drain is really slow so i do what someone else does and use a large plastic cup to scoop the water out so i can refill with clean water.
but, no big deal since we use the cup to rinse his hair anyway.
it's like a real tub, and it does fit into a bath tub.
one is a reclining position for a younger infant.
in this position i would place a washcloth down before the baby to prevent sliding.
the second position is for infants to sit upright.
great device.
is something that could be used for years or passed to family and friends as a hand-me-down.
i think it's so clever that you can have the baby in a lying down or sitting up position, depending on which way you put him in--this product is very durable and made to last until your child outgrows it!
my son is 9 1/2 months old and can sit up perfectly, but still prefers to "lounge" in it lying down.
i put it on my kitchen island and bath him that way, so i don't kill my back in the bathroom.
i also like that it's all plastic, no mesh or rubber mats that can mildew--it has a bump in the middle to keep the baby from sliding.
this is a great bathtub for babies.
its very easy to clean.
i would recommend this tub to everyone.
there is plenty of room for her toys.
it has a drain & i haven't had any problems with it.
it seems like it would have been perfect to bathe an infant too (since it has the special design to do so), but i didn't have it at the time.
i started using it at 1 month and bath time has never been better.
i used a smaller tub to begin with because this tub seemed alittle to big for a newborn.
it has a contoured seat that keeps him from sliding down in the tub.
this is the best for me.
it is very simple to use, even when you are a first mum and are giving baby his first bath, and convenient according to baby's age.
i love this tub, it's great for infants and toddlers.
i do recommend but it does take up alot of room.
worth the money.
can't say enough good things about this product.
looks like it should be big enough until he is a toddler.
this tub is great to use for infants, but definitely not for newborns (unless you provide extra support, which defeats the purpose of this tub with a built-in support).also, very big in size, so take it under consideration when purchasing.
hands down best bath ever.
this bathtub is awesome.
it is big, but its not any more cumbersome than a smaller tub.
our little man has plenty of room to splash around and he can rest comfortably in it with all of his bath toys.
it is super easy to clean and a great great product.
don't bother buying the smaller tubs, go with this one!!
best out there on the market!
it's big.
it's not the sort of bathtub you plop in or on top of your kitchen sink (unless you've got a pretty big sink and you're very tall).
i actually use this inside our regular bathtub when bathing my daughter.
i used a bath cushion to give her extra support and comfort on her back/head when she was unable to sit up on her own.
and though she's able to sit up now, using this bath makes so much more sense than filling up the regular bathtub (which would require way more water).
i definitely foresee myself using this bath for my 7 month-old for several more months, and possibly a couple more years.
i used to have one of these small baby tubs with a hammock for newborn.the hammock thing was great when she was a newborn but as soon as i stopped using it and put her straight into the baby tub she would just slipped, flipped and i always need to hold her which made it very hard to clean her....this tub just solved all of these issues.she is hold into place and can freely splash and move without me holding her and in exchange i have my 2 hands free to clean her.pros:the design is such that:baby can lie down and splash and play while being hold well.baby can sit and play while being hold well.this is a two stage tub-it looks big but fits well in my bathtub which is very standard.cons:nothing yet.update:baby is now 10 months and she still fits in the tub (and she is very tall- size of an 18 month old baby)- i will keep using it as long as i can as it way better than dealing with the regular bathtub.
i like it so much that when we go on vacation i always try to find a baby equipment company renting that kind of tub.
i like this bath i just wish it came with padding on it.
my little guy was always sliding down it until i started putting a towel down.
now i have soaking wet towels gathering up throughout the week.
annoying.
it's a bit large for a newborn.
i had to use my forearm for support and bathe him with my other hand.
the second time i used it, i used one of the mesh beds from another bath with this set.
my son was in heaven.there's plenty of room in the tub.
it's easy to drain.
i usually drain a bit of the water mid-bath and add more water to make sure i'm getting all of the soap off.he is now 10-weeks and loves splashing his hands in the water.
he looks forward to bath time.
so the time came, and nick was born 9 lb 4 oz.
huge?!
oh yeah - he was too big for his tub.
and bathing him was such a disaster :( especially when he started to jump out of it.
i couldn't bathe him alone, my first hand was busy with holding him and the other one was shampooing.
and my husband was showering.
we tried to switch to an adult tub, but as he can't sit yet it was even more uncomfortable: my back ached, the baby was scared, and i was nervous.when my son turned 4 months, he weighed about 20 lb i couldn't wait anymore, and again searched net for bath tubs.
all i saw was about same size as fisher price.
finally after googling "my baby doesn't fit his bath tub", i found an advice from woman who recommended trying primo eurobath, date of her advice was 2001, but anyway i tried to amazon it and found it to my great surprise.
after looking at customer photos i understood this is exactly what i need.so it came, i cleaned it and we tried it same evening: nick was so happy.
he was sitting like a king on his throne in it.
primo is designed so well, like it was created just for the shape of my baby.
it has space for his hands, bump doesn't let him to jump out, it's pretty high, and it also holds well.our bathing time became much longer.
here bum would pop up over the plastic part that is suppose to keep her from going under.
it is the only tub where she has been able to kick her feet and it holds her so i can bathe her with two hands.
it has made the both of us so happy i only wish it was padded, but other then that it has been great!
we are looking forward to being able to turn her around when she can sit up on her own!
hate to bathe her without it - though we have had to a few times.
i kept trying out other tubs and kept returning them.
so finally, my husband got tired of returning tubs, he picked out this one but i was still having doubt because it is so big.
but, once i gave my daughter a bath in it, i knew that this is a good buy.
my daughter wouldn't slip off in the tub and there is plenty of water to pour over her body and it takes less time to bath her.
my daughter was born 7lbs 15oz and 20" long - she constantly was sliding around in this thing, or when she would kick and splash her legs would go around the "post" that was supposed to separate her legs and it would hit her privates hard.
a towel, sponge support, anything at all that might help a) make her not slip around so much and b)make it not so hard.
once we switched to a softer material tub by summer infant (i might also add that the tub is much smaller!)
my daughter loves bath time again.
she will kick and splash, play with toys, etc.i would not recommend this bath tub.
it's a good idea, but the material is just too dang hard and it's not comfortable for little babies.
i put it on my kitchen table after filling under sink, and drain it from the easy-drain spout right into the sink when i am done.
she fits perfectly in the newborn side, and i feel safe she won't slip down.
so we decided to get this one, it is far superior to the previous one.
i think it will probably be used for quite a while, since it is easier to lather him up in that position.
i should have purchased it first.
it's huge so lo can stay in for a lot longer than most tubs.
so she basically started having a meltdown every night because she was uncomfortable and couldn't stretch her legs out.
you can imagine this wasn't good for our usual bedtime routine!
well, i read the reviews on here and went to bru and got this tub immediately.
she could fit in it without any kind of a sling because the tub itself is very supportive.
when she first started getting to know this tub, she started kicking around frantically and made us wonder if she was panicking or having a good time.
well turns out she was just having a good time haha.
she loves to splash around and kick her legs, and turn from side to side (all supervised of course).
i'm not sure if this tub would be good for a brand newborn since it is a little big, but i never tried it until my daughter was over 12 lbs.
i read the reviews of the euro bath and added it to my registry.
i am so glad i did!
i have been told that some babies don't like water (my little man did wig out once) but i think the euro bath is a gentle intro to water and bathing.
the plug hasn't been very useful for us as i tip all the water into the tub to drain before cleaning with plant based cleaner but it may be useful for some.
overall this has been one of the best registry gifts that will last beyond the first few months.
love this tub for my 8 month old.
this tub was a hit right off.
we love love love ours.
it is also more attractive than many others we looked at.
i bought this tub because it received really good reviews - but it is gigantic and really takes up half of my bathroom.also, because of it's size you don't transport it and end up keeping it in the bathtub anyway!i found it's just easier for my daughter to take a bath with me!
once baby had outgrown the sink, we were stuck using the one i originally registered for - a "space saving" model.
hated that one.
too much work.
one tip - for small infants, use one of those big sponge things to keep baby from sliding around, or put a wet handtowel behind them.
oh, and i use to store it on the back of a door.
used one of those stick-on-hooks to hold it up.
buying this for all of my girlfriends for their baby showers.
you need to measure because you will need to figure out where you will use it and store it.
my master bath only has a shower stall, so i use this in there when i bathe my 6 1/2 month old daughter.
i let it drain as best as it can and when she is done with her bath, i just turn the tub over and let the water out.
i store it in the shower stall when i am not using it.
he is now 4-years old and prefers to take showers.
he is a big kid and outgrew the baby bath tubs so very quickly.
it seemed like every couple of months we were buying new baby tubs and then i found this tub.
he used this tub until he was nearly three years old.
i preferred using this tub because for some reason, it seemed like it kept the water warmer than the big bath tub in our main bathroom.
also, there is nowhere for him to hit his head, which he did on the regular bath tub.
this tub, does hold quite a bit of water, but it even if you fill it completely full, it will only use a fraction of the hot water that the main bath tub in your house will use, so it helps you save on water and water heater costs as well.my daughter is 25&#34; tall and just under 16 lbs and just outgrew the puj tub that i was using in the bathroom sink.
instead of buying a smaller baby bath tub, i opted to just buy this tub because i knew from personal experience that it would be the be all end all baby bath tub for me.
i do not need to hold herthe infant supports
i first used this bath for my baby's very first bath at 4 weeks (she was born 6.5lbs) and it worked very well!
i used a face towel to line where her head would rest.
i store this in our full sized bathtub (which we do not use).
when my friend gifted this to me she remarked how huge it was and then realized it was meant for toddlers too.
the drain works well but i just dump the water out and let it dry standing on it's end balanced against the bathroom wall.
if you fill the tub past the tushie support piece the tub will get too heavy to turn over and drain will be needed.
the tub has a line that the water is not supposed to be filled past, just about at the same level of the tushie support.
the inside of the tub stays clean; i do get a little mold on the underside at the end where i stand the tub up.
it's easy to clean without any odd crannies and i love that it is all white and "clean" in appearance.
i think this would be tough to have in a home with only one bathroom or only one tub that multiple members of the household use.
this is a quality bathtub.
when we first received it my daughter was about 10 lbs and 21in and the tub was a little too big for her...i ended up putting a folded towel in the bottom to prevent her from slipping.
saves water and keeps the bath warmer for my little one rather than putting him in the tub with an inch of water.
eventually we will have to move on, but it was great for the money!
design is superior - no other tub compares.
this tub is really nice.
the contoured area for the baby is just right, and it seems really safe.
i like this tub, but i agree with other reviewers that the drain is slow.
also, the hard plastic is unpleasant for the baby, so i also bought the safer bather cushion.
i realize now, though, that i really didn't need that...a soft washcloth or cloth diaper would be enough.
i recommend this tub to anyone who wants to have good control of the bathing situation.
i feel much more at ease using this than i did using the sink because i know that my son is not going to slip into the water.
well, i finally gave in and guess what, i purchased what i think is the largest tub they sell.
this thing is big.
it is one molded piece of plastic -- no removal pieces to have mold grow under.i used a large sponge to bathe my child in the sink until she was about 3-4 months old and got so squirmy i was afraid she would wriggle out of my hands and bang her head against the sink.
i did a lot of research on the best tub before buying this one.
for a few weeks, we had to pad the set with a towel so it wasn't so hard and so that my child fit better.
but she loved this tub so much more than the sink -- she learned how to splash so much that she now soaks all four walls and the ceiling.she's 10 months now and still using this tub -- she'll fit in it for a long time.
my child has a cousin born at the same time -- his mom had a different tub and ending up buying the eurotub a few weeks after we did because her child almost flipped their smaller tub.i purchased this from babies r us -- it was significantly cheaper than the amazon price at the time.
i read reviews previous to registering and i was so glad that i did.
although it takes up a lot of space and isn't very cute, it is worth its weight in gold.
i can foresee us using this bath for a long-time and i recommend it to everyone i know!
way too big and bulky.
it's not very easy to use or clean.
it doesn't drain very well and you end up just dumping it out by tipping it over.
he was just too small for the tub.and yes... its almost as big as a regular sized bath tub, but that's one of the things i like about it... more fun for my son.taking off a star because of the plug... it doesn't stay open on its own... it keeps closing, which is annoying when you are trying to drain the water while your little one is in it.
this is the second bathtub we bought.
i wish it had been the first, and only bathtub!!
it had a baby sling, but he hated the sling.
he just lounges around in it, and i love that it cradles him so well so he doesn't slip!
i'd definitely recommend it!
biggest baby bath ever!
i love how it keeps him sitting up, and it will last him a few years.
we like this tub a lot.
i only gave it 4 stars because it is bulky, so i don't really have anywhere to put it when my son isn't taking a bath, but we love that we don't have to fill the tup up and waste water.
we always put a little towel under him so he doesn't slip.
he is still in the infant side.
i used the safer bather (and liked it) one time before going to the eurobath.
the main reasons:1.
uses alot less water than the bath tub2.
has a position for all age babies and toddlers, which will save money because you don't have to keep buying bath products and again it save with the water bill (my son still used the lay down position)3.
has spots to hold things while i am re-adjusting my son4.
has easy drain plug5.
plastic so you can dry it quickly and put up elsewhere if other members of the family use the tub.6.
:))7.
once you get your hands on it you will see that it is built to last.
there are no plastic cheap parts to break or wear out.
that means a whole lot to me.the only bad thing about this tub is that it is large.
so, i was worried that this tub was going to be too big for him.
not at all.
this tub is so fantastic it kept him nice and secure in the tub for quite a long time.
as he got much bigger he then would sit up in the tub and had plenty of place to play with his toys.
we used to put this tub on our dining room table  and it was so great because we were never leaning over and wrenching our backs - oh how nice those days were.
this tub worked for my son for quite a long time (we used this until my son was a year old no problem) and it's so easy to clean and drain.
don't waste your time with other tubs, this is the one to get, it's fantastic!
he kicks and splashes and has a grand time.
my mommy group of over 80 women agree!
this can be used for toddlers too as there is a sitting spot opposite of where the baby lays.we don't store it in the bathroom - it has a hole for a hook and we just hook it onto the back of the nursery closet door.
)this would be super useful for those without a bathtub and just a shower!
with a bad back and knees i have been bathing my child in the kitchen sink so that i can stand up, but she was getting far too big for it.
when i saw this and read the reviews we ordered it.
the first night i used it was fantastic.
she can lay back and calm down at the end of the evening whilst i wash her with both hands and not have to worry about letting her slip and i love that when she's a little bit bigger she can switch ends and sit up on her own.
i bought this and had it sent to my niece for her baby shower, so i can't really say much about it as i never actually saw it, but she told me she really likes it!!
i also wanted to use the actual tub for familiarization purposes as the little guy grows older.
it's not pretty, but it works.if you are looking for something collapsible or portable, this is not the tub for you.
we still use this tub for my daughter at 2 1/2, 30 lbs and 37" tall, and have used it since birth.it is so rare for a "convertible" baby-to-toddler product to actually pan out in real life that i just had to review this.the molded shape of this tub is just perfect, and thinks of everything!
some reviewers complain about this, but i look at it this way:  we have a tub/shower, and put this bath tub into our bathtub to bathe our daughter.
if i had to scrub out our tub every night to get it clean enough for her, that would be a huge pain!
to me, this is a much more pleasant bath than sitting in the adult tub as a toddler in only a few inches of water.
if you put more water into an adult tub, we've found our toddler slips around too much and feels insecure, even with a mat.cleaning this tub is a snap.
no nooks and crannies for gunk to accumulate.
the rubber drain is the only place where we get some mildew, but it pops right out for easy cleaning and reinserts just as easily.
i use a seventh generation cleaner with a hydrogen peroxide active ingredient.durability is fabulous:  we actually never drain the tub with the drain, but lift it and spill the water out.
for $25, this is a slam dunk in all respects.
this bath is gigantic but the portion that actually gets used is very small.
also the little channels for the arms are really thin so you can't get your hand in there to rinse off the baby's arms well.however i have to say there is no way the baby can escape so it is completely safe.
my baby is 3 months and he isn't anywhere near able to escape.
someone was really thinking when they developed this tub.
it's by far the best tub ever!!!
i store mine in the tub.
i had another one and my baby grew out of it before i could blink.
this one will last and last.
fyi babies r us sells it for about $10 less.
...or so my older friends tell me.
(we had been wrapping each diaper in a plastic bag and throwing them in the garbage - yuck!
)keep the instructions until you get the hang of loading your genie - the genie comes loaded with the first roll of plastic, and we had some trouble figuring out how to load the next roll because we didn't have the practice from the first roll and had misplaced the instructions.
it is easy to load but not so easy to figure out how it loads if you aren't paying attention or are sleep-deprived.
i don't know why the website will not let me have it at one star!
i do not mean 5 stars!i bought the diaper dekor first based off these reviews online, and i hated it!!
i does not work at all.
then i got the diaper gene and it's better but still i think it sucks.
not only do you have to buy the special liners (annoying and expensive) it's confusing to operate.
i finally just used a small trash can in my laundry room and empied it out every few days.
at least it didn't annoy me!!!
:)  i am looking into the diaper champ now as it uses any regular trash bag.
no icky smells and very easy to empty.
i put a dryer sheet in the bottom of it like a regular garbage can.
no smells, no troubles.
it has been really helpfull...
i even bought another one for my mother's house... im agree with a lot of nice stuff from other reviews and im not going to repeat them, but i have to say something about how many times it gets full.
it would get full if you put the diapers open.... what you have to do is fold the diaper together with the wipes that you use, and you would see the difference...
i use to change it every 2 days, now it gets full every 4 days....
be wary of any diaper pail that requires instructions and a demo by your next-door-neighbor in order to use it!
after i figured it all out i found that it was a pain to fool with.
also the refills are expensive and it doesn't hold enough diapers imo.
it doesn't lock out odors either.
it may have for the first week or two, but now at 3 1/2 months it smells bad.
i guess the diapers have gotten stinkier.
what can i say?the other thing that drives me nuts is that the first few diapers i put in after a refill change never go in correctly.
no matter how many times i twist after the first diaper, the second one always pushes right through the first twist and ends up hanging in the bottom - un-sausage-linked.
the only positive thing i can say is that when you do cut the links loose they are easy to dispose of in the outside garbage.you may want to save your money on this one and go with something less fru-fru.
i don't understand the other reviews, mine has been a wonder.
when he was a newborn i would empty it only when it was full.
there would be this long sausage of diapers which i found hilarious.
now it isn't nearly as long... maybe 8 or 10 good wet diapers of a 2 year old who loves his juice.
about a month ago i noticed a little odor and i used lysol.
since then no problem and i stuck my nose in the bottom and took a good sniff.
there is one thing i do differently then the directions though.
after i cut the plastic liner i remove the diapers out of the bottom (careful i don't dump one out of the liner) and then i tie the knot in the end.
i even feel good enough about this product to let my son then drag it to the trash, he loves helping.
about the bad review on this product, are you sure you are giving a couple twists after putting a diaper in the genie?
or a really good twist and maybe a double knot at the bottom of a freshly cut liner?
this is what i do every time and i only change it when i have to or think about it.
one thing that took my husband a while to catch on to (and i mean a year) is when you put a diaper in to push it only to where those griper things are.
when he was a baby i use to wait until there was 2 diapers (at the start of a freshly cut liner) so they could be gripped together.
yes, not as clean but with how fast you change newborns it was never a big problem.
this product is worthwhile, because you are going to be changing diapers constantly, and you need to throw them away in some sort of sanitary and convenient manner.
when baby starts eating solids, there is quite a different aroma coming from his diapers!
this device is basically a garbage can, but it helps keep the nursery from getting stinky.
the only thing is, because it holds so many diapers, it can make the nursery smell very "baby powder-y".
so keep the room well ventilated.
if you happen to live in a building, with a garbage shoot on your floor, then you don't need this.
just put a day's worth of diapers in a plastic bag, and down the shoot.
i used this diaper pail when i had my first daughter a couple of years ago and i did not like it at all.
i thought it was very difficult to use.
(until you get used to it)  it didn't contain the smell well at all.
the refills were a pain to put in and like another reviewer said it twisted when it wanted to.
the lid also kept coming off of mine.
i threw this out and bought the safety 1st odorless diaper pail which i find contains the odor much better.
excellent product.
with the wide opening model, the opening is the right size to shove diapers in and keep any poop that clings to the outside of the diaper from depositing on the genie.save on refills by putting 2 diapers into the same "sausage", then twist only twice (not 3 times as per instructions) to contain them ...our baby is 5 1/2 months and we've used it since first coming home from the hospital.
he's now on cereal and beginner fruits and veggies and despite the increase in smelly poopies, the genie works great.to help with smells---make a compact package out of diapers by folding in half and closing up by wrapping the back with the tabs around to the front and re-securing the tabs; the newer, scented, wide-opening refills keep the smell down (much better than the older style genie and refills); empty it every 2 to 3 days as it fills up.
i sometimes use a chlorox wipe on the inside when i empty it.we've also had no problems emptying it; just hold it above your garbage can and swing open the bottom hinge, after using the lid-mounted cutter (press down hard and twist twice).
the diaper "sausages" fall into the can and you don't even have to touch them.
i would rather throw the diapers on our kitchen trash can.
it's a lot faster and easier than trying to mess with the genie.
i would recommend trying a different brand.
oh the diapers are not really a stinky issue if your baby is young and you breastfeed him or her.
but just you wait until you introduce those solids.
phew!!!
i suggest you get one of these right off the bat and go straight to using the green liners for toddler diapers.
they are thicker and hold the stench at bay way better than the wimpy blue liners.
just remember to empty that sucker out every other day or even the diaper genie will abandon you to the smell genie.
it's convenient,  very easy to use, and most of all sanitary.
we'll have this thing filled to the gills with dirty diapers, and you wouldn't even know that any stinky diapers were in the baby's room!
when it is filled, just turn the knob to cut the bag, tie off, throw out, and start all over again with fresh clean bags!
buy the diaper champ instead.
the diaper genie's only redeeming quality is the fact that it closes at the top.
otherwise, it's kind of a pain in the rear.
i stick air freshners to it to compensate-i think that says it all.
then i discovered what a waste of money it was.
once solid foods were introduced into my son's diet, this didn't even come close to holding in the stench.
i even used the different types of refills that were made for it...ie.
infant, original and toddler.
still didn't do the trick.
i even put air fresheners in and near it....
eventually i gave up and took dirty diapers straight out to the garage and only used it for pee diapers.
much less hassle and same results.
it's not that the diaper genie is bad.
it does what it says it will--control odor in your baby's room.
however, after using it for a little over 4 months, we have found that it is a pain in several ways:  1.
it is expensive to buy the refills.
if we did it again, we would get a diaper disposal system that uses regular trash bags or the plastic grocery bags.
the refills are difficult to change.
we've even had trouble with a piece on the top that turns the bag to twist it, breaking.
it's really easy to break something or not put the pieces back in the right way.
it fills up pretty fast.
and you almost never have time to unload it when this happens.
we'll probably stick with it for a while because we've got it, but if you are considering buying a diaper disposal system, i'd probably go for another one.
i love this product!!
i have seen negative reviews on this product, but i would guess that they haven't mastered how to use it.
it would be nice if it held a few more diapers, and the cutting and changing of the refills is a little tricky, but i love it just the same.
the sausage idea is great because it contains the smell when you open it to put another diaper in there.
he loves to go on about the poo-poo sausages that she is so talented at making...lol (daddies are weird) when you get one make sure you read the directions twice
it's a neat idea...the problem is...the replacement bags cost too much and don't justify the convenience.
they are slim and hold about 7-10 diapers.
at the end of the day, we toss them out into the garage...end of story.
if you really need this kind of doodad, there is another type out there where you can use your own plastic bag...that's much better than this deal.
if you shove the diaper down and accidentally miss the clips you have to reach down and pull up the messy diaper and wipes!
ick.
particularly icky at 2 am.and contrary to what one poster says, a monkey definitely couldn't operate this thing.
the refill directions are lousy.
it took us over a half hour to figure out how to install the refill, and we're all college-educated professionals (and my dad, a retired mechanical engineer, couldn't even figure it out!).
it's hard to get the refill in, even when you do figure out the part that's ommitted from the instructions.
when you're busy with a newborn, the last thing you have the time or energy to deal with is a challenge like this!and why does the obvious dial at the top cut the liner instead of sealing off the liner for the next use?
yes, you realize that's what it does after reading the directions.
but we have to tell anyone helping care for the baby not to turn the noticeable dial because it doesn't do what you think it will.if you do decide to purchase this product, don't turn the liner multiple times after use as the directions suggest.
the only reason they say to do this is so you'll run out of the liner faster and have to buy their refills.
one or two turns is sufficient once you get the diaper lined up in the genie properly.i wish i had taken a better look at competing products.
i realize now there's a real reason other companies decided to come up with other models.
when my hand-me-down diaper genie broke, i bought a diaper champ.
i figured i'd save some money not having to buy the diaper genie refills.once i started using something different, i realized immediately just how wonderful the diaper genie really was.
when i used the diaper genie, my son's room never smelled.
with the other product, his room smelled horribly, even when i changed it daily!and, i found that the diaper genie really isn't any harder to use, and that it is much more pleasant to change, since all the diapers are sealed when you open the lid.well, i'm back to using a diaper genie.
save your money and buy one the first time around.
you'll have to spend a little more on refills, but your house won't smell, which really is the point behind a diaper pail.
i use this for less than 1 month: the quality of the material (plasitc) is bad and cheap, it doesnt control de odor ( the room really stinks) and it broked after a month of use, and the refills cost too much money!
i definetly go with the diaper champ, better odor control, no refill bags ( use conventional kitchen trash bags).
it is a big waste of money.
the diaper genie is good for when your baby is an newborn (1-3 months) after they are 4 months there doo doo really stinks and the smell does come out a little bit even if you change it every other day.
the inside gets  horrible smell like something died in it.
it is very hard to replace the refill.
even though they discontinued selling the original they still sell the refills for the original right next to the the wide refills.
and i did not notice it untill i tried to replace it so i already opened the origianl refill and some how broke the darn thing.
so right now it is in the garbage.
money down the drain.
why does everyone think you need this thing?
of course, we thought so.
we have used it five or six times.
we ruined two packs of refills just trying to figure out how to use it.
once we got the hang of it, we realized it's pretty useless.
it does work to keep odor out i suppose, but so does a plastic bag.just put your diaper in a plastic bag!
i love it..
even my husband can use it lolol... u just pop a diaper in til u feel the grabber thingys and then close it and twist the lid and it locks in the diaper...
i can keep it next to the changing table and know my son can't get into it and won't smell his nasty poopies..
we ended up giving this away.
the stickers it comes with is a joke.
we went with another brand (just one long piece) and it worked out much better since our brick fireplace is rounded.
if you do go with this one, make sure to get the removable caulk as the stickers don't work at all.
this does not stay on a brick fireplace.
i constantly have to be sticking them back on.
but it's better than nothing.
it is so annoying that my son figured out how to rip these off.. but at the same time i love this product.
what will he get into?
how will he injure himself?
what do we need to do to protect him?
hmmmmmm.
it's a tough question and no matter what you do, he'll probably find something you didn't think of.
our toddler has already found a tube of diaper rash creme and spread it all over himself (primarily the face) and over the wood floor and a carpet.well, we've tried to do some common sense things.
i installed it in about an hour.
it's a one-size-fits-all solution and i was afraid our fireplace was too big.
no problem.
it took a bit of cutting, but we ended up with about 6 inches of edge left over.we don't like the looks of it, but the baby's safety is of greater importance.
hmmmmm.
i expect there will be damage when the guard is removed.
it's an imperfect solution, but better than nothing.gary peterson
when our grandson started pulling up and standing, i knew it would be just a matter of time before he would find the hearth made of brick and waist high.
so i looked at my favorite shopping place and found these guards.
they were really easy to install using the 3m tape that was included.
reid has even used them to pull up and they have stuck.
he fell the other day and landed right on the corner, i held my breath, nothing happened he didn't even cry just went on.
so i thank the makers of these guards for saving an hospital visit.
the don't stink like some people said.
they match the color of my brick so unless you look and stare you hardly notice they are there.
i am not the type to worry about how they look with the rest of my living room, i just wanted protection and they have done that already.
just as described.
needs replacing when child is teething and i will replace with same product.
this has been stuck on my fireplace for a year without coming off (cement slab hearth).
i did have the problem with being about six inches short.
looking at reviews recently prompted me to call prince lionheart about getting a short missing piece, and they offered to send me one at no charge!
i was also happy that they are one of the few companies that still seem to have their call center located in u.s.
i'm constantly retaping it to the fireplace.
when it does stay on, it's great.
have prevented a few bruises/cuts.
easy to put on.
it's okay.
the sticky provided it's strong enough to get it stuck on brick, but maybe another surface like a smooth tile would be okay.
these cushions seem pricey, but they were the only ones we could find to buy, and going without some type of cushion on our brick hearth wasn't an option.
my 11 mo.
old daughter started to pull a piece off the other day, but then she gave up and i pushed the piece back down fine.
what i really love about this product is the color of the foam that really blends right in with our living room decor, and the foam can be easily cut to fit perfectly, which we had to do.
my daughter loves to crawl up and sit on the hearth, and in her exuberance she's tumbled off before.
this cushion has directly protected her head a few times.
haven't had any issues with sticking.
my 13-month old has tried pulling at it, but haven't succeeded.
not sure if it's due to getting the product on right or his lack of interest and attention to it.
this was about the only option bru had and it was a waste of money.
it didn't fit together right and then the adhesive didn't stick to the brick.
it never failed she wanted to go right to it and try to get it up.
so we just took it up and she's been fine without anything on it.
in fact, she's pretty much left it alone since we took this off.
it sticks to the brick without a problem and my 11mo old plays on our fireplace constantly.
since we bought these from babiesrus he has managed to get one piece off but considering he weighs 25lbs and has been pulling at these constantly i'm only taking 1 star off.
worked very well for when my son began walking at around 12 months and would fall into everything.
i'm afraid that this is going to get a poopy stain and gross me out to the point that i have to throw it away.
it fits the pad great and feels much better to the skin than the plastic cover of the pad.
they are a little cheaper, but only come in 4 or 5 colors.i read in a review for the simmons contoured changing pad that the plastic had ripped, so she had to throw it away.
i think that would be a good reason to buy one of these, because you could keep using the pad and just cover up the tear.
although i do not have the simmons changing pad, mine is the same measurement but the cover doesn't fit.
it wears up well to washing, and comes in many colors to match nearly any nursery.
if you do not have the simmons changing pad, do not get this product, but if you do, this is a great product to have.
good thing i bought so many, because each time baby oozed, leaked, squirted, spit up, fountained, or otherwise made a baby mess, i would have to carefully fit the straps back through the strap holes, then remove the pad cover, toss it in the wash, and put a new cover on.
on top of that, the terrycloth just doesn't clean well, even with those special baby-stain removers and even with shout!
it's much easier (and less costly and less stressful and less time consuming) to use the bare changing pad and simply wipe down any messes with diaper wipes or with a gentle cleanser.
don't waste your money buying pad covers.
i put them in the wash at least 2x a week, and after 5 months they haven't even faded (i have a blue and a cream colored one)i throw them in the dryer regularly as well and have no problem fitting them back onto the changing pad - which is an issue with most covers.
i have no time to wait for these to airdry, so that was a must.overall i'm very pleased.
we bought 3 originally and when one was washed it had a hole in it instantly and i could see why.
these are not the most durable covers made.
why didn't they make these covers with slits in the side for the safety straps the changing pads have?
the maker of this product, simmons, also made the coordinating, contoured changing pad we use, so that design flaw just doesn't make sense.these pads are soft and do wash well, and do fit and stay put on the coordinating changing pad, but i would recommend not using pads of this type at all for everyday.
we use these covers as cover ups only, when guests are coming and we want the changing pad to look new and pretty.just change your baby on the uncovered vinyl pad itself, so that you can use the safety straps and can also clean the changing pad with antiseptic or other wipes after messy changes or when your baby boy wets all over it.or, put a coordinating flannel blanket, folded in quarters, down on the pad for baby's head and shoulders to rest on if you think the pad's vinyl is too cold for middle-of-the night changes.
the blankets are cheaper, easier to clean and don't interfere with the use of the safety straps.
my only problem is that the white really doesnt stay white.
no matter how clean you think you will be (bleaching and all) there is really no way to get this terry cloth totally clean when your little one poops on it (and he will!).
get a colored one instead.
i have washed it several times, and it handles well in the washer/dryer.
they are mediocre.
i noticed that the material frayed around the elastic after a few months of use.
i stitched them back up, but it looks kind of cruddy and the material continues to unravel in new places.
finally, i used it with the changing pad by "especially for baby" and the fit was a bit too tight which resulted in the pad curving a bit over time.for a few more dollars, i would strongly recommend looking at pottery barn kids' chamois pad covers.
they are extrememly soft (you'll wish your sheets were made out of this stuff!
i can't believe that this cover is made by the same manufacturer as the pad!
it doesn't fit well.
it has no holes for the safety straps on the pad to fit through.
i cut small holes to pull the straps through, and they were all frayed after just one washing.
in fact, the entire cover is already covered with frays and snags after only two weeks of use!
the material is rough and cheap.
my husband and i have opted for covering the pad with a clean bath towel every day.
it's softer and easier.
we will look for another option, but until we find one, this cover is not the answer!
i can't believe how much this shrunk once it was washed!
you would think the makers of this would know that every item that is going to touch a baby is going to be washed.
therefore, have the material be pre-shrunk before marketing it.
that's really never bothered me.
and considering how often they are washed, they are really holding up well.my only complaint (and why i didn't give it five stars) is that they could be a little softer.
i bought this cover because it was the only brand offered at babies r us.
it was nearly worthless after the first washing because of how much it shrank.
i have one in white and one in green (the green matches my malawi bedding really well.)
i washed and dried them many times.
all of the stains came out and they stayed soft and didn't shrink much.
i did have to stretch them a bit to get them on, but once in place they fit perfectly.
the straps on the pad i have are attached at the bottom so i didn't need to cut any holes in the cover in order to be able to use the straps.
i definitely recommend getting these.
this terry cloth cover has been a lifesaver.
it cover the big fat rips in my vynil changing pads too, so that you would never know that its ripped.
no matter what it was a great buy.
i am all about ease of clean, and this cover while very easy to clean it is not optimal to place it in the drier (even on low).
these covers are very comfy and the fit is pretty decent (in my opinion).
however, i don't really use them much.
i found out pretty early on that it's easier to just change my son on the uncovered changing pad because he is constantly spitting up, urinating and pooping on the pad.
i was having to wash the covers every day!
now i just bring them out when we have visitors (like the fine linens, ha ha!)
this is probably one of the least costly monitors on the market.
why only 4 stars?
even for the price, i thought there were a lack of features.
for a few bucks more, you can get one with lights the flash when your baby is crying.
not too happy with this monitor.
we thought about replacing it early on but it was ok enough to just deal with the static.
my husband became the master of turning it down just enough to tolerate the sounds but hear the baby when he cried.
we used it for 7 months, every day during naps and night, and today the power adapter quit working so the only way to use it is with the 9v battery which lasts all of 3 hours before crapping out.
so, in summary: it will work but it's not a very good product and doesn't seem to have quality components to make it last.
would probably be a better idea to just to buy a more expensive one out of the gate since you'll be spending that amount of money anyway once you buy something to replace this one when it dies.
i am very glad we did.
as an added bonus, i have not found this to be a battery eater.in my opinion having a moniter is not the most important thing to have if you are having a baby.
however, it is one of the more useful things if you want to have some measure of freedom while the baby is napping or if your child sleeps clear across the house from where you sleep.
this is a great product for anyone living in america or overseas like we are.
we have an older child that likes to play loudly so we put the baby in the back bedroom and i am able to hear when she wakes up.
i think if i were to buy another monitor i would get one that has a video camera in it, so i could also see what was going on.
but this is a great product considering the price.
i got exactly what i was hoping for - a simple inexpensive baby monitor without all the bells and whistles.
i can't hear every breath she takes but i can hear when she's in her bed playing and i can hear when she's crying.
i don't get any static.my only real complaint with this is that it takes a 9v batter (or can be plugged in) but the battery is not rechargeable.
i usually have it plugged in so i can't comment on how long the battery lasts.
i was really not looking forward to having to spend a ton of money on a monitor.
i found this one by accident.
since we have had it has worked perfectly.
it really is crystal clear i can hear the baby's 1st stirring.
i can even hear my husband doing baby talk when he forgets the monitor is on lol.
i didnt have a need for an expensive, over the top monitor and if that's your situation too, you'll be happy.
like another reviewer, we got this monitor free with a purchase at babies r us, although i should say from looking at the photo here, i'm guessing the one i got is an older model that was being discontinued.
but who knows whether the manufacturer has updated the technology or just modernized the housing....anyway, we already had the sony baby call 27 channel monitor, but since this was free, we got it to take with us on trips or when we're going to a friend's house for the evening and taking our pack n play -- that way, we wouldn't have to unplug and pack our sony all the time.what's good about this monitor:- both the transmitter and the receiver can run on ac outlet power or on a 9-volt battery.
in contrast, the sony receiver is portable but the transmitter operates on ac power only.- the receiver is compact and has a belt clip.what's not so good:- the sound is not nearly as clear as our sony.
listening to it makes me think of what my grandmother says about her hearing aid -- it amplifies all the noises equally, so when there's a good bit of noise in the baby's room (i.e., music playing and heat running), you hear a lot of noise through the monitor.
with the sony, i feel like i can turn it down pretty low and it still picks up the baby's cries well without getting all that background noise.- no lights.
now, maybe if i wasn't using the sony all the time, i wouldn't be so dependent on the lights.
and at night, i guess it's not an issue.
but when the baby is napping, i am often washing dishes or running laundry or taking a shower or doing something equally noisy, and in those cases, i really rely on those lights to let me know if the baby is crying.
with this monitor, i find myself having to pick it up and hold it to my ear to try to figure out what's going on.bottom line, if you're willing to spend a little more, you can get a superior product in the sony baby call.
frankly, since the sony 27-channel model has a rechargeable battery, you'll probably make up the cost difference over time.
we've been through three of these.
two were total junk out of the box.
one worked very well.the first one we got didn't work at all.
it was totally useless.
the static was so loud we could barely make out noises from the babies room.
but, we sent it back and exchanged it for a new one.
so, we ordered another one for the other kid's room.
this 3rd one was total junk.
so, 2 out of 3 were junk.
but, the one that did work, we really like.
for me, this explains the mixed reviews on this product.
poor quality control.as far as the one that did work, here are some more details about why i liked it.we've tried a few monitors.
this one had the least static.
we hate it.
if the monitors have a lot of static it keeps us from getting to sleep.the next most important issue is unnecessary beeping.
some of the other monitors we've used periodically loose the signal from the baby's room, and then automatically reconnects after a few seconds.
each time they loose the signal they beep loudly to let us know.
this can happen a dozen or more times each night.
no good.
this monitor does not beep when it looses the signal, or maybe it just never looses the signal... either way we're sleeping much better now.
the unit is about 4 feet away from the crib and every sound the baby makes can be clearly heard.
i can remain sitting in the chair that's 12 feet away from the unit, nursing the baby and ask my sons in the living room, where the parent unit is located, to bring me a glass a water.
if you want a monitor that's super sensitive, get this one.
i could be laying in bed in the same room as the baby bed, and my husband will come in from another room cause he heard the baby fuss when i couldn't.
i can't hear the clock just sitting a few feet away from it, but this baby monitor can hear it clear across the room.just don't unplug the transmitter while the receiver is still on... it's loooooooooud static.
maybe the best $ deal i found so far.
i would not be with out one of these.
this one is very clear and loud.
i would buy another any day.
it's a great relief getting this one as a second monitor after our old fisher price sounds and lights monitor has had us tearing our hair out for the past three years... what a piece of junk!
this monitor works well, with no static.
can't say muchbetter about a monitor than that!
:)
too staticy but you get what you pay for.
picks up sound if you are in another room.
we had actually gotten this monitor for free through a promotional offer at babies r us.
i was skeptical at first because it was free, but once we got it home it worked great!
a little bit of static, but nothing compared to our other monitor.we had an expensive montior before this that had tons of static and threw it right in the back of their closet once we got this one!
love the price, product works just as you would expect.
minimal static, no interference that i've experienced.
great that it works just like it should, and super glad that i didn't waste the money on one of the other really expensive baby monitors.
finally had our baby and got to try it out..the first time i hooked it up was when i recieved it, i did hear the neighbors monitor a little..but almost all baby monitors will have that prob.
unless you want to spend alot of $..but this has 2 channels to choose from..
so just switch it..that simple..i have had it on for last few days and works perfect..very sensitive, and almost no hissing or buzzing at all.. and doesnt need to be turned up very loud..just set it right next to the crib on a table....very happy with it
every baby monitor on the market seems to start at $50 and most cost around $100+.
i thought the more i spent the better quality.
i was wrong!
i purchased a fisher price baby monitor from amazon before this one and the unit died on me after 2 months of use!
it turned out all the reviewers had problems with the hand unit frying after being plugged in to the socket for too long.
both of ours died after less than a month of use.
we borrowed a friends who had only used theirs for a month and that one died too!
not wanting to spend another $100+ on a monitor that was only going to die after 1 month we opted for this baby monitor.
wow what a difference!
we shouldn't have been fooled by the price in the first place!
this monitor has been used for 4 months and it's still kicking.
here's some pros/cons:pros:1.
after 4 months of constant use this monitor shows no sign of dying.2.
this is the first monitor we've had that doesn't pick up cell phone static!3.
there is very little static associated with this monitor.4.
although i remember the directions saying you can use it when it's not plugged in.
you only have one hand unit.
not a problem for us but it might be for others.3.
i put this under both pro's and con's because while it's not an issue for us, it may be for other consumers.bottom line is, i would buy this monitor again in a heart beat and wish i had purchased it in the first place.
sure it would be nice to see what my child is doing in her crib when she's talking to herself, but as far as hearing if your baby is awake, crying, babbling, singing, talking, etc.
this monitor does the job!
i was given this as a gift and love it!
there is no static at all and i can even hear my baby breathing!
i recommend this to everyone!
after my expensive video monitor died, i decided to go back to basics and try this one.
good enough for it's purpose.
having this set up next to no electric things, no tvs, radios or computers still gives off a feedback that is horrible.
it does the job but when i walk past it having a screeching eeep every time is annoying will not buy again.
you really can't beat it.
you can tell in the quality of the construction.
they're very light cheap plastic.
but i don't think that really matters as long as it works.
it was crystal clear so i was impressed for the money i had spent.
i then made the mistake of buying a second monitor for my second child's room when my old monitor conked out.
unfortunately even putting each one on separate channels (there are 2 to pick from) the reception became terrible.
i could hear each bedroom from each monitor along with screeching static.
i ended up having to shelve the second monitor and get a more expensive unit.
if you only need one it will probably work great for you.
however if you need two, save your money and get a better unit with more channels.
it isn't the greatest monitor ever made, but it works.
in my home which has lots of wireless gizmos it has really bad static.
you can't turn it up very loud or the static is deafening.
but i can normally still hear the baby cry with it down as low as i need it.
you get what you pay for... for $17 you should not expect a lot.
it's working ok for me, but i regret not spending some more for a better quality monitor.
we got this free with a $75 purchase at toys r us so we took our original choice off of our registry.
maybe we just got a bad one because the other reviews seem to be favorable.
unlike the others, i didn't think it was that clear.
yes, you can hear the baby breathe but there is also a static sound like air rushing through.
this is a hassle because you have to unplug and replug it every time you change rooms.
i don't have any other monitors to compare it to but i don't think it's so great.
i love this monitor more than my expensive video monitor.
it has crystal clear sound just as stated and works really well in my 2700 sqft home.
baby can be downstairs and i'll be upstairs on the other side of the house and hear everything that is going on in that room.
one time while he was sleeping in his crib with the window shut, i could even hear the birds chirping away outside.
they are cheap; therefore the quality is not so good.
there is background noise in the receiver.
if you're looking for something inexpensive, this is good.
this monitor gets bad interference!
very buzzy with static!
i would not recommend it.
i gave it 2 stars because it's super affordable ... but you don't want to buy it unless you really don't mind the interference and constant buzz.
i read lots of reviews before purchasing this monitor.
during the day she takes two naps.
now i am able to clearly hear when she wakes and begins playing with her crib toys and am able to respond before she becomes stressed.
also i know exactly when she drifts off to sleep.
there is occasional static but it is very low.
my daughter-in-law spent a lot more money for something not nearly as good.
in my opinion for the money this is the absolute best product on the market hands down.
this is a bare bones baby monitor, but it does what it's supposed to do.
we can hear even very quiet things like our girl's soft snoring and the rustling of sheets.
i have no need for a super fancy monitor -- i just want to know if the baby is asleep or awake and needs tending to.
this monitor is all i need for that.we've been using this monitor for about 6 months now and have had no problems with it.
i was a bit hestitant to order when i saw how many people had problems with the product, but thought it was worth a shot.
i did not use this long because i could hear a lot of air, and it just reminded me a living in a scary movie, so i got rid of it.
maybe i didn't do something right, but i'm just being honest.
this monitor is awful.
do not waste your money.
it certainly isn't "crystal clear."
i can't hear my son in the next room.
often times i will wake up to another family waking up.
how awkward.
i got this moniter for free after purchasing a playyard from babies r us..
i  had my reservations (it was free??
), and read several bad reviews, but when my son came home and i set it up, i was impressed!i've had absolutely no problems with static and i can go anywhere in my home or yard and can still clearly hear my baby breathing and the quiet television in the background.i was thrilled that it turned out great... and it was free!
i owned one of these 5 years ago and it worked reasonably well, so got another one this time around (previous one was given to my sil).
i don't know what they've changed, but this one is bad enough i'm going to break down and order something else.
i can't imagine what they've heard us say based on what we've heard!
going to replace it with the v-tech which is less than twice as much...wish i'd put the money into that to begin with.
i just purchased this because our other monitor was going on the fritz.
i love it.
our other monitor always interfered with our wifi and had lots of static.
this is crystal clear.
this monitor is your basic monitor.
it does all the things that any normal monitor would do.
no frills.
i use it as a stationary monitor in the bedroom.
it's crystal clear and is a great buy, if youre looking for an inexpensive monitor.
i'm so grateful for this monitor.
the price was just right and it's just the item i need to quickly get to my baby when she awakes from naps, etc.
i don't think that they should call this a &#34;crystal clear monitor&#34; as the other reviewers mentioned this product is pretty staticy.
on a low volume setting, i can still hear my baby  when he makes noise but the static isnt bad.
i just needed something basic to use and that is what i got.
if you are looking for somehting with no static - get another product.
this is a cheap monitor that does the job.
if you are looking for crystal clear & no interference then you will have to spend more than $16.
it also has some "white noise" in the background much of the time, but it's minimal.
i had to return this item because it didn't work right from the start.
it made very loud static and if someone talked or cried, it would only change the sound of the static slightly.
i really wanted it to work too- it had all the features that i needed and i loved the price.
i didn't try a second one since i really needed a monitor and didn't have the time to mess around with something that might not work.
i love this monitor.
this baby monitor has amazed me.
when i was pregnant i lived in a tiny apartment where there was no need for a monitor, but i put the most basic, inexpensive one i could find on my registry for when we went to grandma's house.
i used this monitor every night and it never went out of range even in a house that big (at that point my daughter wouldn't sleep without music on, so i knew since i could still clearly hear her lullaby cd that it was working just fine).after that, i moved into my current 2600 sq ft home, and this monitor has performed beautifully.
it has been sat on, dropped on concrete, rained on- and this morning i even dropped it in a puddle while taking photos in my backyard!
as i pulled grass out of the av port, it was still fully functioning!
i am seriously impressed by this product and the value is unbeatable.
i was among the parents who were really upset by the news about bpa in children's bottles -- especially because i exclusively pumped milk for my son, which meant that his milk was not only served but also stored in plastic bottles.
i wasn't wild about the rubber nipples that came with the bottles, but i just pitched them and used the nipples we'd been using.
(just about any standard-size, as opposed to wide, nipple will fit these bottles.)
i also feel like glass just gets "cleaner" than plastic ... that's probably not true, but the glass doesn't get scratched and cloudy like plastic, so the bottles seem more pristine to me!of course, the best part about glass bottles is that glass is inert.
so there are pretty much zero worries about anything leaching into the milk (or formula).now, the downside ... these suckers are heavy!
we almost never used the larger bottles, because when filled, they just weighed a ton.
and if you've never been smacked in the face with a bottle by a toddler ... well, let's just say these ones are way more painful than the plastic ones!and, unsurprisingly, glass can break.
these are quite solid, though, and i think we only ever broke two -- one at home (it was dropped on a hardwood floor) and one at an airport (my son threw it onto a chair with a metal arm ...
whoops!
).since my son is no longer drinking anything from bottles except a little water at bedtime, we've switched to bpa-free plastic, just for convenience (and this co-sleeping family's safety!).
no plastic-leaching worries from these bottles due to potential dangers of #7 plastic bottles that most plastic baby bottles are made of.
i was also surprised at how affordable they were.
the item was shipped quickly.
my only slight complaint is that i wish these came with silicone nipples instead.also, my opinion is that there's no need to buy a 4oz bottle since babies will quickly grow out of that stage.
if you're short on money, just get the 8oz ones - you'll be holding the bottle when feeding a baby who can  only consume smaller amount of milk, so no need to worry about the larger size for the baby.
these are good basic bottles.
there's a litany of choices and every imaginable variation on design.
how do you choose?
for us, it became simple when we decided to stick to glass bottles.
our daughter has had no problems eating whatsoever so i can't say anything about any of the specialty bottles on the market, but for most babies, i can't imagine needing more than a basic bottle.
these are more or less the time tested glass baby bottle.
we like them a lot, and the price is very affordable.
i use these to pump into and then to store the milk in the fridge.
if i'm pumping to freeze, then i store in the dr. brown's bags.
however, my best friend has ebf three babies for a year and all three took to this bottle no problem, when she returned to work each time.
so, i'm hoping that when my daughter's older she may take to them (she's only 3 months) but in the meantime, i use the lansino momma bottles for feeding, and she has no issues with those.
on top of that, you don't need to worry about bpa.the only problem with these bottles is that they have to be screwed down just right to allow airflow into the bottle and prevent baby from gulping air.
this can be solved with a nipple that gerber puts out made of brown silicone that has a cross cut in the side of the nipple.
it's absolutely perfect for these little bottles.
however, she had a lot of issues with gas so we tried different bottles.
after asking around we landed on these, and were thrilled.
that being said, if you can check out local stores as they were half the price of what they are here on amazon.
also, for formula these bottles are very narrow in the neck.
i ended up making my own funnel with an old breastpump attachment, which makes it a lot less messy.
my daughter was used to the dr. brown's bottles and could not get used to this classic bottle.
she got so much air when she sucked on the bottle, we could not use it.
they are thick glass so we haven't had any problems with breakage.
it's nice not to have to worry about chemicals with these old school glass bottles.
these are not the type of glass bottles that will break when your baby squeezes their little hands around the bottle.
those are not the kind of glass bottles you would want to buy.lucky for you, this is not that kind of glass bottle.
i am usually against things made of plastic, even though those without bpa.
so i choose these bottles for my baby and so far so good.
the only downside is that the slow-flow nipples flow too fast for him and he chokes on them.
i had to purchase nipples to fit these bottles and it's hard to find the right ones.
i ordered some dr. brown standard nipples, hoping to fit the bottles well.
these are good quality, and do not leak (as long as the nipple is positioned properly over the bottle opening, which is so easy to do).
i take them out of fridge and put under hot water and so far (3 months of use) no cracks.
the only reason i don't use them anymore is my daughter is interested in holding her own bottle sometimes now and plastic is easier for her to hang onto because it's lighter.
and they heat the milk up faster when placed in a warm water bath.
it chokes the baby.
i like how durable and easy to sterilize they are also replacement nipples are very affordable also.
i like the idea that because the bottles are glass we will be able to use them for future children with the minimal cost of nipple replacement.
i had trouble getting my breastfed baby to take an avent bottle (which my first took beautifully) so i called the lactation consultants at the hospital to ask their advice.
they suggested the evenflo classic bottles which are like these except plastic with the clear nipple.
they worked great.
after swearing by avent with my first, i never imagined the solution to feeding my second would be an "old-fashioned" type bottle.
it works though so i will stick with them.
the bottles are nice but as it is warned in the product, the temperature difference along the cleaning process can make the bottle to brake down.
this has happened to me in two out of the three bottles.
it is true that i have not been careful enough, waiting for the necessary amount of time for the bottle to cool off before filling it with with cold milk.
nevertheless this problem makes it a little unpractical when you have a little baby and you need to feed him as quick as possible and you are in a hurry.
the numbers in the bottles also are difficult to be read.
it's inexpensive and glass - exactly what i was looking for!
don't have to worry about scary plastic chemicals.
great product!!!
i was concerned about all the bpa fuss and considering that according to studies all plastic bottles can be harmful, i decided to find an alternative..
anyway, back to the point, these bottles have been great!
i noticed that with my plastic bottles (nuk- although i love nuk nipples) would still smell funky after several washes and having them in boiling water.
these however, are very easy to clean and smell clean!
i saw reviews that said the medela nipples went along with it too, but i prefer nuk since i have found it is less confusing for my son (since i breast feed and bottle feed)i got the 4oz pack of 3 for about $5 at target and that's enough for me, i recently purchased the 8oz 3pack from babiesrus for 6.99... great buy over all!
i like that these are glass bottles, but the nipple that is included is way too small.
my son's mouth fits completely over it, and he still has a shallow latch.
he's only 10 weeks old!
you could try pairing the bottles with another nipple as well.
also, target sells this pack for $5.
i don't know why people are still buying plastic bottles for tiny babies, it's not like they are going to hold the bottle, they are too young!
i bought these at target for my 9 month old.
we were using the disposable liners in a bottle holder.
i got to thinking about all the plastic in her life, and the lack of plastic in mine.
i know it's super easy to buy plastic bottles, toys, cups, even some lotions have plastic in them.
i think a little "safe" plastic here and there is o.k., but i'm trying to avoid extreme exposure.
i've read some literature on plastics, and it seems like no one really knows for sure if any of them are 100% safe.
i just didn't want everything in her life to be wrapped in plastic.these bottles are great.
the liners i usually have to buy every month and dispose of are $8!
i thought we'd give these a try.
my daughter is not a picky gal, she's extremely easy going, so it didn't surprise me she took to these just fine.
yes, it's feeding in a vacuum.
but at this point, it's either that or have her eat out of plastic all day.
it took her a few tries to figure out how to let the bubbles out but she's doing great.
she just took a few breaks during feeding time.
great purchase for an older baby, i'm not sure how a newborn would do with the feeding in a vacuum, especially if breastfeeding...but we didn't go that route, so i can't say.oh, and no leaks for us so far.
i was very happy to find these, and at such a good price, after looking for glass bottles at several retail stores.
i have not had any issues with these bottles.
i have not tried the nipples that came with them, as i was given specific nipples to use that mimic natural.
great product.
i knew even before i was pregnant that i wanted to use glass bottles- i don't believe that bpa-free means "safe," so i wanted to use something i could trust.
they wash better than plastic bottles because you can see the fat from the milk left on them when they are still dirty- it's hard to see that in the plastic bottles.
they are easy to clean and not too heavy, but still strong enough to freeze/thaw multiple times.
my daughter was able to hold them herself (of course we hover while she does that) and drink a bit when she was just a few months old, so they are not these huge and bulky bottles.
good quality and better safety.
i think if they redid their molding it might be a little nicer to read.
other then that they serve their purpose.
i purchased this so that the breastmilk could sit in the fridge a couple of days.
mine was getting an odor from the plastic bottles.
problem solved with glass.
so i pump into the plastic so i can easily see a measurement then i transfer it into here.
i recently switched to them and it's so nice to be able to leave my baby's water in the car and not have it get plastic in it from the bottle.
i bought some nipples for older babies but didn't have to use them because she likes the ones that came with these bottles even though she's 20 months old.
i just use them for water (i don't like sippy cups).
i don't know why someone said these bottles leak because i've never had a problem.
it's great that they are making glass bottles again these days- finally the world is wising up and getting healthier!
best bottles for your money these old school bottles are not expensive and work better than plastic all the time
these bottles are great!
bisphenol-a chemical free, unlike most plastic bottles.
much healthier for babies, less expensive, and easier to clean than plastic bottles.
my son refused to drink from the latex nipple, so i purchased some replacement silicone nipples from target for about $3.
glass bottles are hard to find in stores, so this is a great amazon find!
i like these bottles mostly because they are glass.
these are a great price when you compare them to others online or at the store.
they are just what we needed.
even flo is a good product but there are other brands out there.
this is what we chose and will try something else for the next baby.
they do not include the plastic storage disc cover either and are only a dollar or so cheaper than the 6 pack.
don't plan to carry these around in a bag, because they leak.
also, it's very hard to get the top off of the part that screws on and holds the nipple, it keeps getting stuck and you have to pry it out.
these bottles are great, and i had a hard time finding them in stores around me.
they do not seem to give her any problems with gas.
i like that they are glass (bpa free), easy to clean and very affordable.
i use a ghetto-rigged method to allow me to pump hands-free without shelling out the $$$ for a hands-free bra...
i loop pony tail holders over my bra straps and then around the horns of my pump.
i find that these bottles are too heavy to use this method.
they might be ok with a real hands-free bra...  maybe one of these days i will buy one and see.
:-)  (these do fwiw screw onto my medela pump - so if hands-free is not an issue or you have a real hands-free bra, these may work well for you)another problem with these, though, is if you store breast milk in glass bottles for less then 24 hours, certain components of the milk adhere to the glass and won't be released to the baby.
it's a boring looking skinny nipple but seems to be my babies' favorite - we tried some pricier bottles as well as different nipples for these, but the nipples these came with work best for us.
concerned about the chemicals in plastic bottles?
me too!
i was thrilled to find that amazon had these glass ones in stock.
now i don't have to worry about warming my breastmilk for the babysitter or my husband to give my little one.
none of my kids use bottles anymore, but when they did i went through so many brands and types of bottles trying to find one that i liked.
my final choice was to settle on these glass bottles.
they last so much longer than the plastic bottles.
all of the plastic bottles that i tried got to a point where no matter how well i washed them, how hot the water was, even going through the dishwasher didn't get the formula smell out of them.
glass bottles are so much easier to clean, and so much easier to run through the dishwasher.
plus, in the diswasher the plastic bottles were never completely dried in the drying cycle.
not a problem with glass bottles.
they're not fancy, but they have no nasty chemicals.
i know that the plastic bottles are now all bpa free, but who knows what chemical they'll discover next year that's been leeching out of our plastic and poisoning us all this time.these bottles are compatible with my medela pump and can take the same lids, which is convenient.
however, for a breast-fed baby, even these so-called slow flow nipples are way too fast, and caused my baby to choke.
i now have these in 4 oz and 8 oz sizes.
first off, i really appreciate the fact that these bottles are made of glass, as opposed to plastic.
we try to limit food and beverages consumed in plastic.
you can skip the 4oz bottles and just get a bunch of 8oz ones.
your child will eventually use just the 8oz ones and in the mean time, you can just fill them up with 4oz.while they are great, the rings and nipples may need to be replaced.
they are not expensive though, so it's not a huge problem.
she really had a hard time sucking them.
maybe we just had faulty nipples.
i'm not sure.
i would be willing to give them another try though with our next child.
they're bpa free, which means we don't have to worry about heating them.
it'll be a few months before we put these bottles to use but i wanted to clarify a point about replacing the nipples and dishwashing.
these bottles represent the "old standard" so only the vented "original nuk" and evenflo nipples will fit and presumably work well without collapsing.
seems to involve wide mouth bottles and thus nipples with larger diameter rings.
the difference, if you compare the older versus newer style nipples side by side should be fairly obvious.
i only mention this here to clarify that options may be limited and to be careful if ordering nipples online.update:  last night, i washed the included latex nipples in the upper rack of the dishwasher and found that they came out discolored.
some websites will indicate that the nipples themselves are dishwasher safe.
i think the discoloration indicates that some damage has occurred.
i wasn't even using the high heat (sanitizing) option!oh well... good thing we intend to use these bottles primarily for the storage of expressed breast milk.
i'm following other reviewers' suggestions to get the sassy (mam assure ultivent) bpa-free plastic bottles for trips outside the home and for supplemental feeding.
i'm not sure what &quot;not impressed&quot; review meant by it bunches up...it depends on the mattress.
i got the sealy superpedic firm mattress and the cover fits perfectly.
also, the waterproof element is located inside the pad, so you don't have too much of the annoying plastic/vinyl rubbing sound or feel.
i have about 4 of them and they are essential.
i do the same on his crib to save me the headache of changing crib sheets which are very tedious to get off and on.
it's nearly impossible to do when you've had a c-section, and not a good idea to strain yourself.
they're large enough to nearly cover an entire crib sheet, and they're easy to clean.
put it in your laundry, and dry on low setting.
i suggest buying 2-3 of these, so you have extras when it gets dirty.
i purchased two of these mattress pads two years ago for my son's crib.
it fits a standard crib mattress perfectly, and lays nice and flat.
it's soft and durable, and it has never leaked!
oh, and compared to many mattress pads that cost up to $19.99 each- this pad is a super deal!i was so pleased with this product that i'd buy it all over again- and i will.
we are expecting twins this spring, and i plan on purchasing two more mattress pads for our second crib!i reccommend purchasing two for those middle of the night messes, that way you can change the sheets and pad in the middle of the night and not worry about washing the soiled pad till you wake up the next morning.
:)
it pilled up with the wash and dry{tumble low}!
and it shrunk just the tinest bit so to annoy you because it fits but not quite and you broke your nail trying to get it to touch the bottom of the mattress!
grrrrrr.....
i like this mattress pad cover b/c it's much easier to put on than the evenflo one i have.
it does &quot;pill&quot; a little after being washed, but it doesn't concern me, you put a sheet over it anyway.
my 5 month old daughter's diaper has leaked a couple of times overnight and the mattress stayed dry, that's all i need!
it had gotten kind of gross so i decided to run quickly to the store to pick up a replacement.
i made the mistake of not reading the details.
about the same size, one is a kid-ding flat mattress cover and the other is a kid-ding fitted mattress cover.i wasted my money cause i couldn't return it once i opened it and realized the one i got at the storewaterproof crib & toddler bed pad - 27 x 50 - whitedidn't have a fitted skirt to wrap around the mattress!
i tried to make the best of that one, but it was awful!
underneath the crib sheet, it slips and slides all over the place and crinkles up like crazy!
what a disaster!i went online to make sure i get the correct one this time, and i did!!!
it stays put and makes slipping on the crib sheet so much easier!!!
i machine wash mine and air dry -- do not put it in the dryer!
my mattress is water proof plus i do not use it to change diapers.
i threw mine out.
these are a must have!
they protect the sheets from overnight accidents.
my son is in cloth diapers and sometimes he wakes up wet (not so often now that we figured it out:)) and never once has it leaked through this pad.
i have been washing and drying it (low heat) with no problems.
it fits well.
just don't scrub really hard when you spot clean it, because i noticed a lot more &#34;wear and tear&#34; from that.
other than that, it's just what i was looking for.
this is all you need!
it is super easy to install!
a little tug, and it goes right in place... kind of like a normal bed sheet, know what i mean?after washing, many lint balls pile up, but it is durable in the fact that it isn't falling apart!
they don't hold up great in the wash, but it is no big deal since they are used under the sheet anyway.
they serve the purpose, but just get &quot;pilly&quot; after a couple washings.
my baby would take the bottle with a lot of bouncing fussing etc.
sometimes, but i was on maternity leave so i didn't really mind the work cause bottle were occasional and i could always switch to bf if i needed to.
but at 14.5 weeks i had to go back to work and there is nothing worse than a)leaving your baby to go back to work and b)being told that he won't take the bottle so that your normally happy baby is crying and fussy all day long.i was using the nipple that came with the drop-ins and it's very round and the tip seems harder and rounded too.
not exactly like the shape i am when he's breastfeeding.
after about 3 days of my caregiver telling me he just hates the bottle i hopped on here and looked for another nipple because i had already looked in the store and there wasn't a lot of selection.
the next day my caregiver text me and it said "i love these nipples!"
my good friend is pregnant and i gave her these as part of her shower gift.
i feel they are closer to a real breastfeeding experience and these should come with the bottles.
these are the only nipples my baby will take, besides mommy's.
they are very hard to find.. and i don't know why since it seems i am not the only mommy who is looking for them.
i wish amazon would offer them with free shipping !!!!!
*hint* *hint*
great for vintage baby bottle collection; need for old playtex bottles that are no longer made.
hard to find these !
he didn't really take a bottle well until he was weaned.
now this is the only nipple he willingly uses.
finding the right playtex nipples has been like a goldilocks and the three bears experience for me.
my nearly 3 month old baby chokes because the milk flows so fast.
when super hungry he can chug a 4 1/2 oz bottle in 5 minutes with the slow flow latex version.
so i tried these silicone naturalatch slow flows and they are way too slow.
it took him up to an hour sometimes to finish a 4 1/2 oz bottle!
there needs to be some middle ground.
since these slow flow silicone nipples were too slow, i tried the medium flow version and it was way too fast.strangely enough i found that the playtex orthodontic latex medium flow is the perfect flow speed, but the flat shape of the nipple "neck"/base makes it difficult to funnel the last of the milk into the nipple.
the flat nipple makes it difficult for my baby to get those last drops even if i could funnel the last of the milk into it.
ultimately, there's always wasted milk with this nipple.
playtex needs to work on improving their nipple flows.
for what these nipples cost they were a total disappointment!
also after using these nipples my lo would tend to be extra rough and pulled at my boobies
my baby is breast fed and i needed to start pumping and bottle feeding before heading back to work after 12 wks of maternity leave.
baby would not take any nipple out there!
we tried over 8 different nipples and bottle types.
finally this nipple worked!
these are about the only nipples that my little one will drink from.
they are no where to be found in the stores so i was happy to find them here on amazon.
we tried these nipples after using the nuk orthodontic latex nipples because we needed to step up the flow and nuk doesn't make their nipples in anything other than a slow flow (at least, i couldn't find them if they do).
however, my breastfed baby did not like them.
the base of the nipple looks more rounded in the images than it is--it's actually quite flat.
we found that our son preferred something he could put his whole mouth around, as it would more closely resemble nursing.
these nipples were a no-go.
we ended up just making the hole bigger in the nuk nipples and that seemed to do the trick.
it's too bad nuk doesn't make a medium flow nipple, but these definitely were not a good alternative.
my baby says they feel just like the real deal.
he enjoys them almost as much as the real ones.
he would definitely recommend them.
very good quality material.
can't recommend this nipple enough.
i just wish they were a little cheaper since you have to buy so many of them in such quick succession.
i really like avent's versatility; the nipples, spouts, cups, bottles and handles can all be used interchangeably.i don't like the way they classify their nipples.
flow2.)
baby's age3.)
when i found out the bottle design changed, i didn't want to have to re-buy all new bottles ( because the nipple design changed to fit and perform with the new bottle too).
i went to several local stores that were already sold out so came here to stock up.
this is great for my little one since he didn't understand how to use the spout on the one that came with the cup.
this is a good bottle nipple which of course fits the phillips avent bottles.
in our case there's also a little bit of nipple preference so i am not sure that it is entirely the nipple's fault (as in not being slow enough).
perhaps in another month or two we'll revisit this review.
the hole on these nipples is not always punched in the middle, and some was way off.
i recommend order dr. brown's nipples over these.
they are very nice, we have a lot of them level 1 and level 2 and we haven't had a single problem with any of them.
i purchased these for my baby girl i have used the other avent nipples for younger babies with no issues.
great product, no issues.
definitely not ok for when my toddler is in bed, falls asleep, and didn't finish her milk!
order these for my newborn when the 2 hole nipple flowed too fast.
product is just has expected - high quality.
i've had to replace about half of them because the tip where the holes are ripped and now there's just a gaping rubber flap.
but despite the need to periodically replace them, they are a good nipple and i haven't had any other issues with them.
any bottle nipple, no matter the hole size, is going to be too fast for a breastfed baby - even this one at first.
bottle nipples give baby constant flow, whether they're sucking or not.
on the breast, however, baby has nearly full control of how much and how fast milk comes out.
it's why the ameda breast pump (ameda purely yours breast pump) gives you a 'cycle' option.
you start out fast - just as your baby does when they first latch on - to allow for the milk let-down.
then, you switch to a slower cycle motion to get the most milk out - just as your baby would once they started feeding.
on a bottle nipple, if baby starts fast, of course they're going to have issues at first, until they slow down their sucking motion.i regret buying the mam bottles (mam 3-pack bpa free bottle, boy, 5 ounce) after i learned how easy the avent bottles are.
when it came time to send my baby to day care for my return to work, i discovered just how frustrating the mam bottles are.
this turns into such a pain - literally - when it comes time to take the bottle apart for washing.
this extra thick, screw-on bottom makes warming the contents extra long compared to other bottles, such as avent.
once you finally do get the milk warmed and take the mam bottle out of the hot water, you have to be very careful not to burn yourself or your baby with the steaming water that collected in that screw-on bottom through the vent holes.
banging it out doesn't get all of it and makes too much noise for all those night time feedings or anytime for that matter.
using a wash or burp cloth to protect yourself and baby is yet another added hassle and one more thing to maneuver while trying to feed the baby.none of these issues exist with the avent bottles.
popping the lid on and off the avent bottles is also another easy thing compared to mam.
when you're juggling a crying baby and a bottle at once, it's not convenient to have to use a counter edge to pop off a bottle's lid, but it's something i've had to resort to, unfortunately.
my daughter has been using the breast flow bottles and nipples, but we were given one of these bottles as a gift.
the only thing i've found is, we have to replace the nipples more often (but it could be because she is teething).
they are a little difficult to get clean, as they are narrow.
i thought i need to change the nipples since my baby is already 100 days old :p. but after trying size 3 for four times, i'm certain that this size is too big for him.
yes, he drinks really really fast by using size 3, but he dripped three times more than when he's using size 2 nipples.
don't get me wrong, i like avent nipples and i'm sure size 3 will work just as well as size 2 in the future, but perhaps it shouldn't be labeled as 3 mo+.....
i have a 4.5 month old and these newborn nipples are too fast for my breastfed baby.
he guzzles a 4 ounce bottle in less than 5 minutes, which is horrible for a breastfed baby.
he doesnt know when hes full and ends up spitting up a ton after feeds.
he also ends up with an upset tummy and is extra gassy because of them.
since this is the slowest flow avent offers, ive had to look for new bottles.
i wish they made slower flow nipples because i really do like the bottles.
i am the grandmother to 2 infants and 1 toddler.
one of the infants lives in our household and i can state that avent is at the top of my list when it comes to bottles and nipples.
no excess gas is produced, no bags to fuss with and have to toss away, clean up is simple just as mixing the formula is simple.
no extra parts to have to put inside the bottle and try to remember if you are supposed to boil them or just wash them.
i don't know if any other manufacturers have them, but they are such a great idea.
instead of a hole there is a slot in the top.
around the side are the marks i,ii and iii.
this teat allows a thicker liquid to flow through so you can add rice or another cereal of your choice if you need to.
my baby is in the 90th percentile and at 8 weeks old milk just wasn't enough.
i put 1 tablespoon of rice in with 4 ounces of milk initially and then later on increased that to 2 tablespoons (all with doctor's approval).
it is a much thicker liquid but flowed through this teat easily.
great product.
it is just perfect.love it.
have used this product with last baby i had and its always been effective and never any issues of any kind.
these nipples worked great at first but about 2 weeks before we were to switch to the next size my grandson started to collapse them and he got a blister on his top lip from sucking so vigorous.
when we finally did switch him (at the proper time) to the next nipple he kinda gagged as he wasn't used to getting so much milk / formula.
but we are still using these nipples just might switch him sooner if he starts to collapse the size he is in so he won't have to suck so hard or get another blister.
i got these for my 9.month-old as i had already bought the number 4s and the flow was too fast for her.
my child seems to like these i have no problem with them except they seem a lil hard and large also the seal on the bottle has started to get leak.
however, i can't go above three stars for this particular component of the system.i've noticed that this size ("fast flow" / four-holes / 6+ months) tend to wear out and break before the end of its service life.
we didn't have the same problem with the other sizes, which lasted the full three months that philips says they would.
(i guess they can last longer, but it is recommended you replace them every three months.)
basically, i think the four holes make the top of the nipple weaker, and it leads to it splitting wide open.
our kids's ability to *really* eat, and the fact that he has some teeth coming in, are probably contributing factors, but some of these nipples have lasted only a few weeks which leads me to believe it's an issue with the design.we're going to stick with this size, since our baby was getting frustrated with the slowness of the three-hole version, but will have to keep a close eye on the nipples to make sure they're not breaking and giving him too much milk at once.
also, rather than sticking them on the on the little posts in the dishwasher, i started putting them on the bottom of the top rack, in hopes that will make them last longer.avent nipples are made in england.
i call them dial a nipple!
you line the number, you want to use, up with the babies nose and it's smooth sailing!
since using these nipples my daughter has had considerably less colic.
they are strudy and long lasting and you can purchase them in different stages so that the nipples never get old because before they are worn out its time to change them.
i also mix cereal and feed it this way, especially first thing in the morning, when she is impatient to eat.
i had a difficult time cutting holes in the regular nipples to allow proper flow of this mixture.
it ended up flowing either too fast or not fast enough.
what a great idea!
after trying a few bottles, i went to avent and never went back.
these are very durable nipples.
since we were stuck with our purchase, we tried it and now our baby wouldn't go back to these.
we were looking to replace our worn out nipples and these were the exact same ones that came with the original bottles!
these do not work with our avent bottles.
annoying.
we moved to the number 3 nipple until she was 1 year old, when she stopped using the bottle completely.
almost half retail!
when i'm not at work she is breast fed.
this slow flow nipple helps her work at getting the milk similar to when she's nursing.
so i do really like our avent classic bottles, even with the 5 parts and the occasional leak.
i think these will be great in another month, and are too fast for the moment.
do well in dishwasher in a kid container / rack that we got from target.
these nipples are well made and do exactly what they should.
avent is a stellar brand that i have purchased time and time again.
they are i was i spected, good quality, good presentation, perfeect price, good for child and good for babies from 9 months
i've tried a few different bottles for feeding my children who are also breast fed.avent seems to work the best for me.the low flow means that baby still loves to feed &#34;direct from the source&#34; but is shaped in a way that there doesn't seem to be any nipple confusion.they clean very easily.
everywhere else sales these for almost $10 each!the newborn (one hole) size is perfect for breastfeeding babies.
love this brand!
i live in an area where it's hard to find anything.
it did come fast and do the job.
i only wish i was able to use the coupons i had!
after i dropped a nipple down the garbage disposal while washing i was in the market for a few replacements.
the replacements seem to be holding up better than the originals!
if you use cereal, you will need the 4 hole (6month) to get done in a resonable time!!!
she does not get cereal in the bottle, as it took to long, but when she is ready to eat quickly we will go to the 4 hole (6 month)nipple.all in all, beast the rest, buy the best!!
i still use these nipples for my 1 year old when i have to pump from time to time and he's never had any issues with them.
it took him a little time to get used to the faster flow, but he does fine with it now (five months old).
i don't plan to move up to a size 4, i'll just stick with the size 3 until he is weaned.
i like the avent nipples because they don't deform like the medela ones.
i haven't tried many nipples since he seemed to do fine on these.
these are the newborn flow ones and although they are the slowest, it's still not slow enough.
i'm trying to breast feed and sometimes he just gets impatient with me (i have a low supply) and wants the bottle.
sometimes i oblige depending on how loud he is and how tired i am.but these are easy to clean and switch out too.
i bought these to put into some "2" nipples i had since i got a set of these avent bottles.
might just be my baby is a particularly slow eater.
we need to stop and go with her otherwise she spills all over herself or chokes.
this is the first and only bottle he has tried.
he took to the avent nipple right away.
my little baby loves this nipples....i expend two months buying different kind of nipples and bottles and finally!
our baby never did the jump to the largest ones (i.e.
fast flow, etc), so we had to keep using this kind for several months.
the thing is that, at the end of their lifetime, the 2 holes on top widen and allow more liquid to go through.
when that happened, the baby would refuse to drink anymore and it was really frustrating.
i'm not knocking off any stars on this review because it is not really a defect or downside.
just be mindful of it.
new to being a parent it is great to be able to change out the nipples when a new flow is needed or the nipples are wore out rather than having to buy new bottles.
put these on and now she can keep up
these nipples are fantastic!
i haven't seen them in stores and i was a little hesitant to buy but the good reviews were hard to resist.
my doctor said i could start my daughter on rice cereal at 4 months.
spoon feeding was not cutting it.
i had heard of people putting holes in the nipples of bottles to allow the rice cereal to move through, but you run the chance that you can't control the flow.
so i purchased these and replaced the nipple that comes with the bottle.
she is no longer wanting to eat every 2 hours.
she also is actually napping longer.
i know it's a myth but i have noticed a slight difference!a few things you must remember when using rice cereal1) experience shows mixing rice cereal with breastmilk you will have a thinner mix.
as it sits gets thinner.
formula allows for a thicker mixture.2) if your baby can't handle the flow of the liquid, don't blame the nipple or the bottle.
add more rice to thicken to slow down the flow.
rule of thumb is 1 tbsp of cereal for 4 oz of bm/formula.
now remember # 1 above, bm is thinner!3) avent bottles:  biggest complaint is leaking.
have i had this happen to me?
yes.
have i fixed it?
yes.
if you look at the nipple, there is a small seal at the lip of the nipple which is what prevents leaking.if you're bottle is leaking?
unscrew and try again.
test it by shaking the bottle over the sink (this saves you from messy babies!
never had it leak twice in a row on me.
with him i got frustrated about the leaking until i found someone else's review sharing this information.
please keep it in mind.
as with all products, there can be "user" error at times.
i am sure some leaking is the actual bottles fault, defects do happen.also, why avent?
i love the playtex dropins bit more expensive overall but i have never had a leak, plus clean up is a snap if you are a very busy mom like myself!best of luck on bottle feeding!
very good product this brand offers quality products and have bought several for baby products sincerely recommend this brand, it is best for babies and children
we brought these nipples based on all the raving reviews and write up's online.
however our newborn is now here and wasn't putting on enough weight.
our pediatrician told us these are the worse brand of bottles on the market for newborns and shouldn't be used until the baby is at least 5 months old.
the reason for this is because the nipple is too large for a newborn to latch on to and they're unable to get enough.
we are now using the medela nipples instead and he's feeding so much better.
the slow flow are recommended for breast fed babies since the flow is similar to breast.
my baby sucks the milk out of bottle way too fast with these nipples.
4 ounces gone in under two minutes.
too bad there isn't a way to slow her down other than taking the bottle out of her mouth.
these nipples are perfect if you add cereal to your baby's formula or breast milk.
we tried so many different nipples and even tried to cut a bigger whole in other nipples and the flow was too fast.
i've used these on two of my babies and would recommend them to anyone.
just what i needed.
very satisfied with the product, right now moving towards sippy cups, good luck with that
good product, usefull!!!
i purchased these because the regular nipples on my wide-neck dr. brown bottles have too fast of a flow for my 3 week old (side note: these fit the dr. brown's wide-neck bottles perfectly).
these avent #1 nipples have the same problem: they are just too darn fast.
i see that some other reviewers with newborns have loved this nipple.
i guess every infant's needs are different.
i wouldn't know if this product works or not because it doesn't fit the bottles i have bought from the same company, i.e.
make sure you have the right bottle before you buy this.
i gave it to him with the ii mark facing him.
the flow didn't seem to fast or too slow.
i'd definitely recommend these.
these nipples also seem to work well w my son's reflux.
don't waste your time trying to find a cheaper, generic nipple for your avent bottles!!
ours are so old they don't even indicate which newer avent nipple is correct... so figured 'classic' ought to do it!!
it does!
i wish i would have ordered several more packs.
i wish they were sold in a bigger quantity pack besides 2 or 50.
i needed 8 and ended up getting a few more later
we love philips avent bottles and nipples.
they are easy to use and easy to clean.
it was easy to switch my son from dr. browns to this.
i love all avent products,so easy and wonderful cant go wrong with them.they are just the best.highly recommend to all mommy out there
i have been using the nuby feeding set, the bottle with the nuby set is what i have been using to feed my 5 month old who is currenlty eating 5 tubs a day of baby food.
i can't find them anymore where i live and to be honest was not to pleased with the product, since the bottle is small you can only fit like half tub of baby with an ounce at most of formula with it.
never failed it would leak and make a mess everytime i used it but since it was the only way of feeding my little one i put up with it.
i'm so glad i did!
i tried other nipples from avent but they wouldn't allow the baby food to flow out of the nipple and he would get frustrated easily.
all you have to do is line up the i, ii or iii with the bridge of the babies nose so no need to reposition nipple by taking it out just simply turn the bottle (i did call the avent help line to make sure i was doing this correctly).
i can't say enough about these nipples and the avent line, wonderful product!
they are a great product at a great price on amazon especially if you can get the free shipping!
this is my son's favorite bottle because it's easier for him to hold.
they hold up over time & my son has had zero issues with them - no gas, no hesitation when transitioning from breast to bottle, nothing.
i like that i can just buy these and not have to also buy the bottles.
this are a little harder consistency than the size 3 nipples, which is good because now my 6th month old daughter is sucking too hard on the size 3 nipples and they are caving in.
do yourself a favor and save some money.
if your old nipples don't seem to have enough flow for your baby anymore, get a needle and make a few more holes into it.
if still not enough, make a few more or make a couple with a hot needle.
that is all it takes.
i use it with my first daughter and with my little ones too.
he was eating anywhere from 30 to 120 cc before, now he is eating 150+ because he isn't expending all his energy trying to breathe and suck at the same time.
it's also cut down on the amount of time it takes to feed him.
have not noticed more spit up or gas with the level 3 compared with the level 1.
wish i had started using these earlier but all the nurses and doctors recommended using the preemie nipple!
i am an exclusive bfing mom, so when it got close to time to go back to work i started working with baby to take his milk from a bottle.
i have always used the avent brand.
but when i tried giving my son a bottle he sucked a few seconds then started to cough.
i started to play with the nipple by pointing it sideways and i barely squeezed it and the milk came out quite effortlessly.
i also turned it upside down and instead of a slow drip is was a stream.
after waiting a few days i tried my son again on the bottle with the other nipple and the same problem arose the milk was just coming out too fast.
now though at almost four months my little guy taked this nipple like a champ.
my son is breastfed and sometimes takes a bottle of pumped milk when i am away...the variable flow nipples seem to flow the same no matter which side you hold it on (i,ii or iii).
i have used the other nipples (1, 2,3) and the flow seems to be slower than the variable.
milk just goes everywhere ....i think i will hold off on using the variable flow nipples until he is a bit older....great concept, they just didn't work as great as i thought they would.
it took him about an afternoon, but we have a lot of furniture.
they are easy enough to unhook when you need to move something, but they hold well.
cheaper than i could find anywhere else.
they are easy to install and give me so much more peace of mind knowing that if my kiddo were to climb up the bookcase or his dresser- they are secured to the wall and couldn't fall and crush him.
these worked much better and hold
we purchased these straps for four bookshelves lined up on a wall just a bit longer than the shelves.
i'm sure if we had been installing one piece of furniture, moving it to the left or the right to attach two straps to the studs (or each shelf had been significantly wider) there wouldn't have been any problem, but for our setup it didn't work.
the only thing that worked for our shelves was centering each in front of one stud and hooking one strap to the back.
unfortunately, i couldn't find any other options that didn't involve using a stud (i anticipated this problem).
we have had them attached to the wall for about a week now and they seem as though they'll do the job!
these brackets were very frustrating to install.
once you had them screwed in place, they were difficult to adjust to make them tight.
there are much less cumbersome safety straps out there!
thanks for the great reviews for helping me see these straps were the ones to buy.
i feel these are more durable that the plastic zip tie looking ones.
i also like how i can easily adjust or unhook the straps if needed.
if it had fallen on him i doubt he could have survived.
we strapped everything in the house to the walls and found these straps to be easy to use.
we'll be buying more.
we had a bookshelf in our daughters room that we didn't want her pulling over, and these worked great.
just what we needed.
my 24month old is just starting to climb and we have lots of tall dressers and shelves.
my husband said these were pretty easy to install (and he's not the handy type) and that they took no time at all.
they are secure to the wall and piece of furniture and i'm confident that the furniture will not topple over when my toddler is pulling and leaning on it.
i had incredible difficulty installing these and had to give up and return them after the screws that came with them kept breaking.
i followed the instructions carefully, drilled pilot holes, etc., and i still had difficulty.
i am returning all of these in favor of angle braces.
this is ridiculous.
these were easy to install and i don't see how a piece of furniture with two of these could fall over - without taking the wall studs with it.
i especially liked that the furniture half and the wall half come apart for installation, makes life much easier.
i didn't need to predrill either (i know you're supposed to, but most of us don't).
i purchased several different types of anti tip furniture straps, this was the most expensive, but seemed very sturdy.
these might have worked better if i had bought different screws.
i just couldn't get these to work at all.
we bought these when we converted our twins cribs to toddler beds and they had more freedom.
protect your kids!
bolt down furniture so they don't get hurt!
we finally broke down & secured all the furniture to the walls recently.
was able to secure a 6 foot bookcase without any issues.
screws were not a problem.
always possible for a long screw to break, just drill a pilot hole.
they work really well.
husband says they were easy to install and didn't take that long.
they hold everything to the walls and you don't see them which is an added bonus.
you can never be too careful when you have toddlers at home.
i'm not one of those moms that has the entire house baby proofed.
i believe more in teaching my child to not touch certain things so that when we go to other people's home that are not baby proofed, she will "survive".
however, these come in handy since most little ones are big into climbing.
i bought 3 types of furniture straps so that i could compare them.
well made!
so i really like that this gate is a walk through and doesn't have to be screwed into the wall.
beware, there are still quite a few draw-backs.
the first one is that it's difficult to install.
you twist and twist and twist all four of the touch points, and if you don't do it just right, the gate will be wonky or pop out of the wall.
my son has pulled it down several times because i cranked and cranked, but i still didn't get it quite tight enough.
also, the two touch points on the bottom for some reason fall out of the gate when it's not installed, so if you're storing this gate or not using it all the time, it's super easy for one of those things to fall out in a closet or something, a toddler to walk off with them, and then never see them again, and then your gate is wonkier than ever.
this gate does not work at the bottom or top of stairwells well at all, but is pretty decent in standard doorways.
with stairs, it's difficult to get it level and tight between a banister and a wall, especially because banisters don't have a lot of flat space for the touch points, and secondly the step pedal often ends up not on a step, and so when you step on it, it can pull the gate down again!
it seems like now a gate that installs permanently would have been a better choice, but i got it for my mom's house so she can just put it up while we're in town and take it down for the rest of the year.
i thought it would be a breaze having a hands-free gate.
turns out, i like the one i have at the top of the stairs much better.
which requires hands to operate.nothing wrong with the gate itself, but not as convenient as i thought it would be.
it's been less than a year and now for some reason we're having a really hard time closing 2 of the 3 gates (the ones weuse most often).
not sure why this is, but we have to bang really hard to get the gates to close.
we tried fiddling around with it, reinstalling, but still stiff and hard to close.
we have another dreambaby automatic closing gate that was not that great to start with but that at least performed the same for 4 years.original review:first of all, love amazon.
2)it is also nearly impossible for a toddler to get through because you need downward weight to open it.
the amazon photo is incorrect and one of the pics shows the older version, which they do not seem to make anymore.
even with the changes for the worse, i think this is still the best doorway gate out there and well worth the money.
i have to buy the extension for it.
it's a great gate, but i think it should be a little wider.
i was really looking forward to putting it up and containing my crazy toddler, but now i have to wait on the mail man to bring the extension kit.
i bought this product as a dog gate for my boston terrier puppy.
our other gate i was having to step over each time and it was a real pain.
the installation was simple and unlike the gates that drill into the wall, this gate does not leave holes and can be moved easily.
i love that it doesn't leave any residue on the walls.
be sure the use the wrench it comes with which makes it very easy.the measurements it gives you are pretty accurate for the max length it can do, our stairway is just over 39" and it barely doesn't fit with the first extension so we had to add another.
unfortunately it did not work in my very unusual doorway.
one thing i did notice was that after i put it together, my 2yr old daughter happened to be watching, she immediately knew how to open the gate!
even if it did fit i still would have had to return it since she knew how to open it.
great gate for younger children/pets.
holding the baby)  it keeps out the dog (about 65 pounder) and withstands some jail bar style shaking from my 1 year old.
looks nice, easy to install, keeps out the dog and the baby in!
there are no little places where kids can get their fingers pinched so i feel safe closing it even when my extremely curious and active 8 month old is crawling and climbing on it.
it's a tall gate so i don't worry about her going over it at all and it takes force to push the step down but easy to do.
buy it for the entrance to hallways or in doorways where you want the door open sometimes but don't want babies in and out of that room.
it was very easy to install - i did it myself in under 10 minutes.i love the idea of the pedal, who wants to mess with handles when your hands are full?i did read some negative reviews before purchasing this gate but most of them seem like user error... it clearly states in the instructions that this gate is not to be used on stairs.
update:  i have been using this gate with the new baby.
he is now 20 months old and there are absolutely no complaints...just praise.
i still recommend this gate above and beyond all the rest.
matter of fact i am about to buy another one this weekend to put upstairs.i used this gate for both of my girls and eventually a little girl that my mil babysat.
my husband broke it once when we first got this because the animal that he is put too much weight on it (the gate stands up nicely to regular pressure).
i do have to say that the company was great when i called them for a replacement part and sent it out the very same day.
i am now 4 1/2 months pregnant and will buy a new one.
i have no doubts or bad things to say about this gate.
it was well worth the money.
i had tried several other gates and was not happy at all with any of them.
it has hands-free opening so its good when you have your hands full like i always do.
this gate wont budge when it is installed so it is very safe.
she isn't heavy enough for the peddle.
i have several baby gates so it's not that i didn't install it right.
its just that my daughter could rip this one right out.
the others that i had held up when she would do her monkey in a cage routine but this one would rip out.
so i wouldn't recommend it.
it is extremely sturdy, doesn't move in the slightest (and we use it all day long), and is well built.
i don't especially like that the bar is underneath, but i also understand that there's no way around it.
i will say that at least the designers tried to alleviate the annoyance of the bar by adding in slopping plastic mounds around the bar.
they're not great but definitely better than just the bar.
like other reviewers, i should mention that when you order the extension it's only one extension (i think about 5 inches or so), not two separate extensions, which is a little misleading in the description.
we were right on the edge of needing another extension but it actually works great with just the one.
also, when you pull it out of the box it appears be bent, but it's made that way and it works once it's in.
it's also easy to assemble and install.
we might even get another one for the bottom of the stairs because it works so well.
i will definitely get another one if i need one for my other rooms!
i'd say it took me a solid half an hour the first time.
i recently moved it to a doorway and spent just 15 minutes (since i am now an experienced baby gate installer).
it does come with a little plastic wrench, which is useful for the final tightening once you have the gate in place.
it does take quite a bit of elbow grease as well.i expected the gate to swing closed more easily.
you have to stop and use your hand, foot, or knee to push it all the way closed - at least on mine.
i do find myself using my hands most the time to make sure it's closed, but if i do have my arms full it can definitely be operated without my hands.my baby girl is 8 months old and spends a lot of time standing at the gate (and pulling on it).
i like that if she has her hands on the gate, there is nowhere for her fingers to get pinched as i open it.
well, there is one place she could; if she ever messed with the foot pedal near the bar that it's connected to.
i have found that if i get my foot too close to that bar when operating the foot pedal, i get a good pinch.i am using the gate in a doorway and the door is able to close normally.
the braces come off the doorjamb just ever so slightly, but it is still secure.i have also used it in a hallway with one extension.
in the hall, the top two braces were affixed on the wall, and the bottom two on floorboards, which come out about 1/2" and i still got a secure fit.
the hall is 38" and one extension did the trick, but the extensions are about $16 so it could get expensive if you needed to make it wider.
the manufacturer recommends only going up to 44".
when i removed the gate from the hall there was damage to the wall under one of the top braces - it removed paint and texture.
it's not so easy to take up and down quickly.
we use it in the entrance to our son's room.
it keeps him in and our 3 dogs out.
completly hands free is such a plus!!!!!!
fits very snug...it isn't going anywhere.
the vertical only slats are great because our son tries to climb this gate and i truely believe that if we had bought a traditional gate with vertical and horizontal slats that he would be able to climb it!!!
i recommended this to all our friends already!!!
this thing has now survived up to two 90th percentile twin 2yo boys yanking on it day after day.
i bought an incline stoop thing for the bottom, and i did put a couple of screws in the door frame where the top compression feet meet just to keep them from pushing it out.
and, the lever action foot pedal is a little heavy for smaller adults, but man this thing has taken a beating and never failed.
i purchased one of these back in 2003 (for our dog).
now i wanted another pressure-mounted, hands-free gate for our toddler and this is the product i immediately thought of purchasing.i was extremely disappointed when i received the gate and realized that there is no longer a ramp to help prevent tripping over the lower bar.
i thought that feature was one of the main advantages of the older gate version.
why would the manufacturer discontinue that?
surely it would not cost a lot more to include that piece, and i think parents would be willing to pay a few extra dollars for added safety.fortunately i was able to find another product that solved the problem for me:tee-zed dreambaby no-trip gate ramp, whiteit's not as perfect a fit as the original ramp, but it still works very well.
kudos to dreambaby for thinking of selling such a product.
i wish the first years product manager would reconsider including the ramp with this gate.
the hands-freeness of this gate makes me so happy.
i can walk through it with a baby in my arms and other junk in my hands, and i don't have any trouble getting it open.
the foot pedal requires a lot of pressure, so my five year old has a hard time getting in and out, but that is okay because sometimes i want to keep her out of the kitchen, too!
the installation was a breeze, and the gate has not moved a millimeter since i put it up despite being pulled on by both the baby and the five year-old.
and what pleases me most is that i cannot find a place anywhere on the gate for fingers to be pinched at any stage of being open, closed or closing.
we are using one extension with this gate.
i have a puggle and boxer, and neither one can jump this gate or accidentally open it.
it's the best gate i've ever owned- and i've gone through a lot of gates!!
it is so easy to install- did it myself and i'm not usually good at putting things together.
it doesn't leave "marks" on the trim or "damage" the walls... some reviewers must be over-tightening their gates if they're having that much trouble.
it also has never shifted out of place- ever... and i've had it in a high traffic area (where it's used over and over throughout the day)for nearly 3 months.
we had no idea there were so many (confusing) options to buying a gate.
this was the only one that did what we needed without any extra bells and whistles.
because we were not using it around the stairs, we wanted a metal gate, that was pressure mounted, and swung open - easy, right???
wrong!the only other one we could find in the stores is evenflo's gate with a remote.
we really didn't want to have a situation where the electronics might fail (or just need new batteries), so this gate was the winner.
it took minutes to install and it couldn't be easier to use (i was weary of the foot petal at first).
it clicks shut easily with just a swing of the gate.
just make sure you use the instructions to install it so you have the correct tightness for the latch (they provide a wrench that takes out the guesswork).the only reason i'm giving it 4 stars is the width.
because it fits smaller openings, it makes for a very narrow gate.
i would prefer they made two models so you're not left with a small opening while walking through a larger hall.otherwise - it's the gate to have for non-stair situations!!!
i could be in the bathroom watching him in the hall as i did my hair or cleaned, without him getting into the toilet or pulling the blowdrier down.
he learned to pull himself up with this gate, and i feel like it is extremely sturdy.
this gate now is on our baby's door frame to keep 2 year old big brother out during nap time, but still let mommy hear when the baby needs her.
this is a wonderful gate, and i would (and do) recommend it to anyone!
we've had two of these gates for six months and have been almost 100% happy with them.
the other reviewers who note that some parts are made of cheap plastic are right - one of the little click thingies on the bottom of one of our two gates get stuck more than it should, but it still works well enough for our purposes.
we use them to block off parts of our house to our one year old and have used them since he started to crawl.
we are ordering a third one to block off the stairway upstairs now.
you might be able to spend double or triple and get the perfect gate, but really this one will probably do for about everyone.
there are a few that break more than they should and very rarely a toddler that can figure out how to open them.
i recommend it.
we've tried at least three different gates in different doorways and entrances, and this one's by far the best.
better yet, it closes automatically by bumping it shut, unlike some gates that require a hand to *close* them, argh.one complaint i've heard is about the foot pedal breaking off.
that hasn't happened for us, and we use two of these, nor has it happened for friends (and friends of friends) who've had one of these for several years.
i suspect that anyone's who broke had the gate in the entrance either too tightly or crooked.
so, use the tool that comes in the box for checking the tightness, and use a level(ing device) to get it straight.
i was surprised how nice they looked once they arrived.
being able to utilize a step to unlatch the gate is very nice to have, seeing as our kid or some other object seems to be in our hands every time we go up and down the stairs.however, we required two extensions on each of the gates we purchased in order to get to the appropriate width for our staircases so i would recommend making sure you measure your stairs before ordering this gate and the necessary extensions.
it's totaly hands free leaving you to carry other things while you walk through the gate.
we thought that the opening might be a little small, but once it's up it doesn't seem so bad.
i only rate this item 4 stars because i just purchased it today.
it was very simple to assemble, i didnt even need my husband for help.
although im only 6 months pregnant i know this gate is going to work out great for our dogs when our baby is here.
we've had it up all day and the dogs jump on it with no problem.
i highly recommend this product for all parent who have dogs in their house no matter what size they are.i would be giving it 5 stars if i had this gate longer,  but couldnt wait to post the great review after purchasing it and seeing how great my dogs are adapting to it.
the gate is fairly easy to install (a necessary slim wrench is included in the box) and requires no screws or glue.
the bars on the gate are well-spaced so even small infants shouldn't be able to crawl through.
you should regularly check it to make sure it's securely affixed to the door frame.
also, over time the gate tends to bend a little, so you should use the little wrench-like tool to adjust it when necessary.in short, a very good gate for keeping kids out of a certain room.
i love this gate.
you have to step on the foot pedal to open the gate and little kids can't step hard enough so it is perfect.
who wants to step over a gate?
this product is a lot different from other baby gates because of the &#34;hand free&#34; foot pedal at the bottom used to open the gate.
not only did i find it not totally hands free, but it blocked her bedroom door from completely closing.
so we had a little bit of an interesting situation.
my husband and i were moving in to my parents' house after they built their house.
we were preparing to live in the house about 1 year in advance, which is when i purchased this gate and installed it at my parents' house for when they had my daughter over there.
not only was the outside covered in plastic, the entire hinge was made of plastic!
are you kidding me?
that much for a gate and you can't even give me a durable hinge?
sorry, but this was a waste of money!
very good gate the only down fall is that it is only hands free gate if the mobile home or house or apartment is leveled other than that it is perfect and hand free and easy to install and it is alot harder to knock down than other baby gates my daughter could never knock this gate down no matter how hard she tried even when she was a year in a half she would stand on it and lean on it and it still wouldn't fall so it is all round a very good gate.
easy to install, user friedly, props open while they're asleep, truly hands free.
we have a 1 year old and a 4 year old, and neither one of them can open this gate because they are not heavy enough.
we have 4 of them throughout the house.
it fits securely and doesn't loosen.
it needs a lot of pressure to open, so it's great that kids can't open it.
i recommend this gate!
the kickstand takes a bit of pressure to release, but it's good to have, because my son can't accidentally push it down and open the gate.the gate area is smaller than an average to walk through, but it's not too bad.out of all the gates we have had we like the hands free gate the best.
it would be the only gate we purchase only if it could a bigger area.
this gate is so much easier to open than the other top-latch gate we have.
i really like it a lot!
it's decent for the price until you find that it doesn't fit a regular sized hallway and have to spend another $20 for the extension.
other than that, it has worked well and my daughter hasn't been able to get it open no matter how much she bangs and shakes on it.
we were concerned at first if the extra extensions would be able to support the three babies sufficiently.
it does!
the only downfall, which i've seen mentioned a few times before, is that the available width space doesn't match up with what the gate says it can support.
so if you get this and are running to the border of width, add that extra extension for sure so it's not wobbling.
and after measuring and you think using the gate with both extentions will just barely fit, try it, but more than likely it will be wobbly a bit.
just keep that in mind.
just take your time and get things even and straight.
it doesn't take long to set up, 15-20 minutes tops.
it's odd at first to get used to the foot petal but once you get used to it, it's a lifesaver!
we have the clear view gate on the playroom which we love but for the kitchen doorway we needed something wider and more convenient with the smaller swing door since we use the kitchen more.
the bar on the bottom took only a couple days to get used to and with the ramps on either side it helps with not tripping.
the gate swings either way which helps too!
sooo worth the money since these things can be used for years!
i bought two much cheaper gates before buying this one and really wish i would have just bought this one to begin with.
it is well worth the money and doesn't fall down when pushed against and the floor handle works really well when my hands are full.
also, just a note i thought mine was bent when i first got it, but once my husband installed it according to the directions it was perfect.
product delivered on description.
easy to use, install, and hands free.
although it's so sturdy, if there wasn't the rule about needing to be hardware mounted it would work for stairs.
i'm not sure how old the people's children are who said they can open this gate, but mine is 1 and there's no way he's strong enough.
this works well in the space.cons: the foot pedal length will prevent you from closing the door.
if it were shorter, i could still close the door and leave the gate up.it takes quite a bit of force to open it with the foot pedal.
it makes a pretty loud sound when doing so, and so quietly  checking in on the baby is a challenge.it's not really hands free because as you enter, the gate swings very fast and so whatever is on the other side, like, the door, is going to get banged.
plus you need to use your hand to close it back or else your cat is going to take the opportunity to run in.
i just preferred some of the features of the others.
if it had a wider gate opening, i would have given it a 5 star rating.
i turned my home into my own version of a baby gate showroom to figure out which one i wanted, so here's my take on three different gates.i think they are all pretty good gates, it just depends on your situation and what features you're looking for.
the key features that ended up making a difference to me were 1) the width of the gate opening and 2) the latch mechanismfirst years - hands-free gate-----------------------------cost $50 & extensions $15 / gate is 32" tall / fits 29"-34" doorway width / 1.5" bar to step over / gate opening 17"- my gripe with this gate was primarily because the gate opening is only 17" wide!
i'm 5'8" and i felt like i was going to have to really pay attention walking through it so i wouldn't end up bumping it every time.
i wouldn't worry about a little kid figuring it out and having enough weight to be able to push it down to open it.
for me it just wasn't cool enough to overcome my issue with the gate opening width.- good height to the gate.- it was very sturdy in my doorway.- this one did have a little ramp feature for the bar that goes across the floor that helps minimize the tripping factor.- fits only up to 34" doorways so has the best chance of needing an extension.-  all that being said, if you really want a hands free gate, and the width of the gate opening doesn't bug you, try this one.kidco center gateway:---------------------cost $85 & extensions $24 / gate is 29.5" tall / fits 29.25" to 37.5" doorway width / 1" bar to step over / gate opening 22"- has the widest gate opening (the space you walk thru, not the doorway that it fits into) of any of them - about 22".
(this certainly won points from my 6'2" husband who was pretty irritated when walking thru some of the others).
i was surprised after reading so many reviews on all these gates that there wasn't more mention of this feature.- this one also had the most secure latch feature.
you have to push a button to lift the handle and lift the gate over a little ledge to open it and walk thru.
i figure this will absolutely be the hardest one for my little one to figure out.- this gate has the most adjustable widths and therefore would probably be the strongest in most door widths.
because all the gates become "weaker" if the posts are extended too much, this one seems the sturdiest in my doorways.
(ie.
if the gate says it fits up to 37" and your door opening is 36.5", it won't seem as sturdy as if the doorway was 34").-  it doesn't have its brand name printed on it anywhere (a plus in my book) so it's totally white.-  it has the lowest bar across the floor that you have to step over at only 1" high (seems less of a tripping risk).-  this is the one that has the highest rating from consumer reports.
(child safety gates 8/04)-  unfortunately, it also is the most expensive of the bunch at about $85 + any extensions you need.-  i do have to say that this one had the most confusing directions, but you can still figure it out ok - none of them took longer than 10 minutes to set up.-  it's the shortest gate and i wish it was a little taller.-  all in all, if you can afford the price of this one, it's definitely worth it!summer infant - sure & secure extra tall gate---------------------------------------------cost $60 & extensions included  / gate is 36" tall / fits 28"-48" doorway width / 2" bar to step over / gate opening 19"-  this is the one that i wanted to like because i thought it was the best deal.-  the gate opening is about 19" - which i thought was ok, but hubby wanted wider.-  the latch mechanism is really easy to operate and i thought kids could figure it out easily, but because the gate is so tall, they would probably have a hard time reaching it.-  it does come with its own extensions in 5" and 10" so it more easily fits the wider doorways.-  however, depending on the width of your doorway, this one may or may not fit as well.
for example, i had a lot of doorways that are about 33" and this gate didn't end up fitting well in them because the gate without any extensions was too small and the posts had to be extended so far it didn't seem stable.
and the 5" extension was too big to add.
(vs. the kidco gate's extensions add 2.75" as needed).- it's by far the tallest and i liked that since my daughter has been in the 95% so far.
i also just like the way the taller gate looks.- it does have the highest bar across the bottom to step over - 2".- if if fits well in your doorway it is probably the best value for the money.all three gates seemed to:- fit pretty tightly in the doorways after being adjusted properly.
depending on your walls and if you have moldings etc, you might need to take an extra 5-10 minutes to adjust them and get them straight and hanging correctly.- had the same type of post for the pressure-mount that is covered with a rubbery material to help it not slip on the wall.- were pretty easy to set up.- all look about the same from a quality point of view - in other words one of them didn't look "cheaper" to me than the others.please remember that for safety, only hardware mounted gates are considered stable enough to put at the top of stairs, so don't use any of these for that.
good luck with your own purchase!
i thought this idea seemed great since my hands would be full once our baby arrived, but it did not work for us.
we bought this for use in a doorway, but the foot pedal stuck out so that we never would have been able to close the door.
the opening for this gate was also very narrow.
previously, we had a cheap wood, stationary gate in our hallway.
i must have hefted my pregnant self and my 10 month old over that gate a hundred times a day and it was taking a serious toll on my back and knees.
after about the 10th time i nearly fell over the darn thing, i went to find a new gate and saw this one.
next day i picked up at bru (i had to get the extender peice too) and installed it.wonderful.
couldn't be more thrilled.
just step and nudge.
we still had to use hands to open be/c hitting it with your knee hurts.
also the plastic foot peddle started to warp after a few months of use.
we don't have any children, but we do have two dogs and two cats.
the dogs are constantly trying to get at the cats' food and litter box.this gate is actually a replacement for another gate we had to keep the dogs out, but it was flimsy and hard to maneuver around.
i just installed this gate in about 10 minutes and it's great because the cats can still have the run of the house by jumping it.
it also keeps our black lab from passing through.buy this gate!
it's a wonderful, well thought-out product.
we love this gate, it is so easy to install.
i just got rid of our superyard gate.
that was not very good to use because you have to climb in and out of the gate.
if you have an active child like mine, you will have to go in and out a lot.
several times i trip over it and it's not fun when you bang your legs into the gate.
it is plastic but still it hurts!
since we just change to this hands free gate, we are so relieved.
it's worth every penny!
i love the idea of this gate but was not able to use it due to the hard wood flooring - decorative baseboards.
thought it would clear it , but it did not.
so check out you base boards before you order.
i purchased this gate at babies r us, but read the reviews first from amazon.
i just purchased a toddler bed for my child and the gate is used to keep her in her bedroom at night.
the gate was so easy to put together and fits perfectly at the entrance of her bedroom door.
to open it, all you do is step on the foot pedal, which is needs weight to open.
the only problem i have now, is that my child closes the gate all the time.
when it's suppose to stay open.
oh, well!!
we have two of these gates that we use to contain the babies (15 mo.
and 4 mo.)
in the living room and to keep the dog out of the living room.
we are buying a third one of these to keep the 15 mo.
old out of the laundry room.
this is probably the best gate i've had so far.
i really like the hands free foot peddle.
i've had it for more than six months and haven't had any problems.
i have researched every gate on the market at this point.
so far we are extremely happy with this gate.
we wanted pressure mounted gates but i was concerned that the opening of this particular gate would not be wide enough for my husband.
i thought that he would have to turn sideways to get through the door and would not like it once used on a regular basis.
so far we are very satisfied customers and my husband can walk straight through the opening so the width meets our needs better than i anticipated.
we got this gate because we recently got 2 puppies, and have gated off all areas of our house so that they don't run all around the house causing havoc.
however regular gates are such a pain, having to step over them, is a hassle.
only complaints: i wish the opening was larger, it isn't huge- but to be fair, the description does give dimensions.
the only other thing that is taking a while to get used to, is there is a bar at the bottom of the gate- even in the opening, so you still have to watch your step, but it is less of a hassle than having to take down gates or step over them.
overall, i would recommend.
it combines the security of a permanent mount with the relative ease of installation and occasional portability of pressure-mounted models.i had two irregular doorways to fill in with child gates so our scootching 13-month old could play safely in the area.
i was skeptical the pedal was baby-proof, but letting my son (who is the median weight of a two and a half year old) put his full weight on it didn't budge it a bit.
the design is also very attractive; nice thin white metal instead of the usual lattice-work plastic on most gates.one comment on an earlier negative review, where the grandparent indicated their 15-month-old could pull up the foot pedal: this cannot open the gate if the top is properly tightened!
(see below).
i tried this, and the pedal will slide but not allow the gate to open if the top is tight.i have only a few minor caveats to convey:- when installing it, make sure you follow the instructions and use the little plastic wrench (included) to do some fine-tuning tightening, so that the upper latch is the required distance from the catch (a wrench-width).
this is easy to do, and i found that when i tightened it up as the instructions indicated, the good fit of the latch became excellent even with a slightly-irregular-from-vertical door post.- the opening might be a little narrow compared to some other gates; it took a bump or two on my calf to get the hang of, nothing terribly difficult or painful.- the extension might not be necessary if you have an opening that's right on the cusp of the suggested 29-34" door opening; if you  have an opening right around the maximum, i'd recommend installing it without the extension first to avoid having to make a return for a possible un-needed extension.
installing and de-installing the extension, as i noted, is a piece of cake.- this is not "portable" the way a simpler gate is, but can be de-installed and re-installed in less than two minutes.
since it swings open, if you want to use the gate in only one location, the portability isn't an issue.all in all, just about the coolest gate i've used.
this is a great gate over all--convenient, sturdy, etc.
the opening seems a little narrow, but overall it's not bad.
the door swings in both directions which is terrific in my doorway.
i plan to buy more for the rest of the house.
i really like this gate, it was easy to install and it looks great.
i highly recommend it but i also have metal door frames so i don't know if this would dent the wood in a regular door frame.
though i think a small dent would be better than a screw hole...
it takes a heavy step to open but it's truly baby proof!
i like the look and feel of this gate and the concept that it's a "hands-free" design for opening, because let's face it--a gate that requires that you use your hands to open is worthless for a mom holding a baby.
not only does this gate confine pets and babies/toddlers/little kids, it seems to be adult-proof, too.
every single adult that has come into my house has hesitated at this gate because they couldn't figure it out.
ha!there are definitely some downsides to it, but it has been serving us well as a dog and baby gate for close to two years now.pros:- hands-free opening- clean, simple, solid design- ability to add extenders which work great for wide hallways (i use one on each side of the gate)- tension-mount system so it's movable and you don't have to put holes in your walls.cons:- beware if you have painted your walls recently (recent for us was maybe a few months prior).
the rubber grip pads just ripped the paint right off when i released the tension in the holding rods.
i'm not sure if the paint on our walls is cheap or if it's because there are just too many layers of paint or what, but i ripped a large chunk out of the wall upon moving the gate.
so yeah, having to patch that sort of defeated the purpose of avoiding a gate that required mounting hardware.- pedal can get "stuck" and become temperamental.
i think this also causes problems with closing.
you should be able to close this easily by just pushing the gate back, but it always sticks in one of the directions and requires more care to close it properly.- i don't know how, but my now almost 21 month-old has managed to open this gate maybe 10 times by now.
she refuses to tell me how and every time i try to watch her try, she acts all helpless and can't open it.
even before she was crawling or walking, it was perfect for keeping our two big dogs confined to one side of the house.
if i had to purchase a replacement gate, i wouldn't hesitate to get another one of these.
i really love this gate.
installed without any problems, adjusts to fit any door way in our house (old house, nothing is even...).
grandparents love it too, ended up buying them one as well.
she said it was easy to install, she had to do it her self because her hunny was in iraq.
she has a very hyper golden retriever.perfect for protecting your baby from many diffetant things.
i really really like this gate.
it was easy to install and so far seems to be holding up very well.
but overall, at this point, we love it!
we got this to gate our hallway so our 23 month old twins will stop getting into drawers and wrecking things.
not their safety so much as my sanity.
we have an old house with the cut glass doorknobs and the door knob thingies are hit or miss on them.
so this gate seemed like the perfect idea.
it's sturdy and attractive, easy enough to open even if your arms are full of toys, laundry, children...  but not so easy my girls were able to figure it out (again, we only had it 9 days though!).
it's pressure mounted but it held up quite well to my girls shaking it in protest.the problem is with our baseboards...  and i think most people have baseboards like this so it seems like a huge design flaw.
we have really wide 6" baseboards (not common) but at the bottom of that is a bit of round molding, maybe an inch, inch and a half high - and this is where the problem came in - and don't most houses have this??
what happened is the little pressure-mounted pads to hold the gate in place had to sit above these moldings, leaving a gap beneath the gate.
my husband slid a block of wood beneath this gap (actually one our window props, gotta love old houses!)
which seemed to fill the gap nicely...  until today...  when i went to open the gate, the wood went flying out, the gate slid down, the pressure pad stayed in place...  so the bolt that adjusts the pad bent, and now the whole top of the gate seems cockeyed.
not sure yet if i can fix it - i can't figure out exactly where the issue is.this gate seemed like a good idea...  but you need to find a way to fill in the gap underneath, or else it will creep down over time as you push the pedal, and the whole thing will pop out like mine did.
i'm giving it 3 stars because i think it will work awesome if you don't have those moldings, and if you can think of a good way to fill the gap if you do (i'm thinking maybe zip-tying the wood to the base?)
- it will work great  but it seems like something they should have thought of when they made the gate.edited - we got the gate working again, with a block of wood beneath it.
i noticed in someone's "add your own picture" picture they mentioned cutting the molding to make the gate fit.
you should not have to cut your wood work!!!
isn't the whole point of a pressure mounted gate so you don't have to alter anything?
make sure you fill in the gap underneath!
the step is now noisy, which i may be able to fix with some wd40 or something, but i just haven't tried yet.
i've kicked the bottom bar while going through many times!
the opening of this gate is also slightly narrower than the other gate.
overall it does the job, but if i had to purchase again i would buy the other first years model instead.
we use this gate to block baby from going into the kitchen.
voila, the hands-free gate!
it is great, you can open and close it with your foot and knee just like the other reviews state.
we had to buy 2 extensions, one on each side of the gate to cover the opening to our kitchen.
they work great, we have had no problems.
i have two complaints, but they do not outweigh how much i like this gate:  first, the gate was difficult to install.
there was one part that wouldn't fit properly, my husband had to bend something with pliers to get it to fit on.
caused about 10 minutes of extreme aggravation, haha.
second, the pedal is so noisy when you push down on it!
i need to try some wd-40 to see if that will help, i honestly haven't tried that yet.
but still, we really like this gate and the noise problem doesn't change that fact!
baby hangs all over it and i don't see how she would ever be strong enough to press down on the pedal herself and open it, you really do need to press hard!
there are so many pros, so few cons to this gate.
it's tall, there's no way my 2-year-old can get over it.
incredibly convenient swinging door.
i didn't do that the first time and i was getting frustrated.
the gate was smarter than me!my son, who is mr. motor skills, cannot open it.would make an excellent dog gate for small dogs.sometimes the pedal can get sticky and you have to push on it a little harder, but that's really my only complaint.
the foot petal requires quite a bit of pressure, and even kept our 6-yr old nephew contained pretty well :)that being said -- their reliability over time is *horrendous*.
the first gate stopped locking shut -- which is obviously a problem for a gate that is supposed to keep a 2 year old out of places.
the problem is that the spring-loaded plastic peg can actually separate from the spring inside the end of the swinging door.
i contacted the manufacturer and their customer support was very good!
they shipped out two replacement pegs and i was able to get the door working within a few days.
that being said -- the issue will certainly happen again, as there is nothing preventing the spring from separating.
this time the foot petal stopped actuating the pin, so the door will not open.
after taking off the plastic assembly for the foot petal, i found that the metal pin which connects the plastic petal to the metal arm was completely broken (in two places).
after putting the pieces together, the issue became very clear -- the metal pin is tapered quite substantially in two places -- which is exactly where the pin broke.
with people putting significant force on the foot petal to open the gate -- dozens of times a day -- is really unacceptable to have such an obvious weak point in the design of the metal pin.the problem with the pin being broken is that there's clearly no way to actually reassemble the foot petal to the actuating arm -- even with a good pin.
there is no way to fix this broken gate.
makes you really think...
this gate is really a great product.
i love the fact that you don't have to hardware mount the gate (no drilling into the doorways required), and it's still very sturdy.
the only negatives i encountered were:1) the first hands free gate i purchased was not painted properly, so i had to return it for another one.2) i had to buy the 5&quot; gate extension for the gate to fit in the doorway.
so, in the end, there are additional costs if the opening you intend to use the gate for is not that narrow.
but all in all, it's totally worth it.
the gate is decent construction, and the lever has enough weight where only an adult can open it.
this doesn't make for a secure fit in our doorways, and it is unusable anywhere else.
it's too small.
it fits soundly in doors less than 30&#34; in width, so measure your doorway before you buy.the mounts do not securely fasten onto the gate, so when you move it from doorway to doorway or when installing, these fall out of the gate, and you have to balance these during installation.yes, there are extensions available, but these are sold as an accessory, and with the combined cost, there are other better options available.i don't recommend this product as we replaced it with a simpler, lower-cost solution.
save yourself.
it's absolutely the nicest gate we have ever bought.
although our son (18 months, ~28 pounds) has an idea of -how- it works, the foot pedal requires far too much pressure for him to get it to open.
this gate should be usable until he's at least 35, if not 40 pounds.
in addition, since it's made of metal bars and not some sort of crisscross pattern, my child cannot stick his toes in it and try to climb over--all he can do is step up on the bottom metal bar, which is only about 3 inches off the ground.as an added bonus, the gate is tall enough to keep kids out but not so tall that my cat can't jump over it easily.only caveats i can think of:+ you have to tighten the tension screws periodically.+ the gate opening is a few inches narrower than would be ideal, so if you're "wide" like me you have to get used to kind of side-stepping through it.+ by default, the gate makes an audible "click" when it closes, which can wake a light-sleeping child; but with a little practice, you can get it to close soundlessly.+ the wrench provided for tightening is plastic, and once the tension screws get tight the wrench tends to slip off them a little too easily.all in all i would definitely recommend this gate to anyone.
i only wish they made a hardware-mounted version for the tops of stairways.
well i wasn't happy with this compared to another brands i purchased.
2 months later the foot pedal broke.
8 months later the gate was broken all together.
i wouldn't buy this gate again.
nowhere in the description does it say that this gate should not be used at the top of the stairs.
our stairway is 35 1/2 inches wide so we did have to get the extension, it is not wobbly at all.
some advice though, don't tighten it too tight or you won't be able to get the door open.
i gave it 4 stars only because i was under the impression that it had a knee plate that you could bump to open and mine did not.
i have a 7 year old daughter and she does have a little trouble stepping down on the pedal to get it to work so i think that might take some time.
i am very pleased with this product.
the slates are wide enough for my cats to fit through as well, ok well one of them the other one is too dumb to figure that part out so she just sits there until someone opens the gate.
this is hands down a fabulous baby gate.
the foot pedal is even hard for an adult to open if you don't put your entire bodyweight down on it--making it impossible for little ones to open.
would've given it a higher rating if it weren't so easy for my soon-to-be 2 year old to rattle the door and open it quite easily.
may need to look into getting something more advanced for him but for under 2 years, this does the job.
i have tried 4 other similar ones and quickly sent them back.
these ones are a little more expensive, but i've found that after being spoiled with the foot opening contraption of these gates, i simply cannot live without that feature in another gate.
i do need the extensions, which makes it more expensive, so i will be purchasing two more of these in the very near future!!
i have 2 of these installed.
buy the extension if you have wider opening.
if you have even wider opening - place a piece of wood next to the wall, i added an extra piece of 2x4 for one of the wide opening in the house.
this gate went on sale very cheap so i bought and instead of sending it to me they sent me neosporin and returned my money.
they did not even email me to let me know.
i am very disapointed and i think its odd that they sent a tube of neosporin.
you have to do two things to open the gate -- push down on the foot pedal while pushing the gate forward, but because you can do these without your hands, it is perfect for when you are carrying your little one in your arms.
the foot pedal also requires a substantial push, so there is no way that the  baby (or a pet) would be able to do so on his or her own.
the material is very sturdy, so even if a toddler tried to pull herself up on the gate, it would not come undone.
we had an opening with no door.
so i went by the reviews on amazon and chose this gate and i must say the reviews are very accurate.pluses:- it took no time at all to install and it was pretty self explanatory (about 5-10 minutes)- it is completely safe (no accidents here)- it actually looks very nice so there's no dilemma between child proofing and baby safety- it's hands free when you don't have an extra hand- it stays very well- it's sturdy and baby can't get in/out- the foot pedal is super tight so there's no way your baby can learn how to open/close- there's no cause for concern of little fingers getting caught- children may find it actually fun to open/closeafter one month of use i'm happy to report that there are no cons!
*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/update:bought two more!
can't think of a better looking gate to put all around the house!
i love this gate and would buy it again.
i like how it swings open both ways, opens with a foot pedal so it's hands free, and is incredibly sturdy though it's pressure-mounted.
my only disappointment with this gate is that it doesn't fit well on our stairs.
we live in a small apartment and the wall doesn't jut out far enough from the bottom step in order for the foot pedal to work.
we were able to block our two dogs from the baby in the kitchen and when he's in his playgym on the floor.
i love the fact that you don't have to unlock it and put it aside.
it also swings in both directions.
it can be moved to another location if desired.
i've been a child care provider and teacher for years.
it's truly hands free and child proof.
this gate is very high quality and a snap to install.
the pressure installation won't hurt your door frames, and my 15 month old daughter hangs attacks it frequently and it doesn't budge.
recommend trying "baby buddy bear pacifier holder" love them.
it looks cute but  the wire is too short, the clip is big and hard which hurts my baby if he touches it.
i love winnie the pool which is why i bought this.
i don't like these type of clips.
it works but it doesn't stay on as good as the boogin head pacifier clips.
it's super cute but i wouldn't recommend this as a sturdy pacifier clip.
if you are looking for a more sturd clip, then i would try the boogin head ones.
i bought this because my older daughter had one just like it about 9 years ago.
this clip is being used only when we go on car rides, so baby doesn't lose her pacifier.
well after about 4 months of occasional use the clip itself won't close all the way, so it doesn't secure to anything.
pacifier constantly falls onto the floor.
very disappointed as it's a cute design and it fit in her pacifier holder.
now its only purpose is to take up space in a landfill.
junk, do not buy!
it does not work on gum drop brands.the clip doesn't stay closed on most clothing.
the product was cheap and easy to attach to my sons' onesies.
i liked that this was not a metal pacifier attacher.
saves headaches looking for pacifiers that seem to always get lostplus it is cute and doesn't tear clothing when it gets pulled off
since my granddaughter loves winnie the pooh , this was just perfect.she plays with the pooh clip and the strap hold the pacifier .
i have a medal banister on my stairs and have been having a lot of trouble getting a gate to fit.
we were going to get two, but only got one to make sure we'd like it.
we didn't want to drill any holes and our gate sits at the bottom of the stairs just like in the pictures, only on the floor not the first step.
it's great.
i'm about to order another one for the top of the stairs.
this was purchased for use in a special needs classroom.
it was easy to install, easy to use, and has stood up to the abuse of being used in a school classroom.
it is much more sturdy than previously used wood gates.
really liked how the bottom "supports" that press against the wall were flat on the bottom edge so they lay against the floor better.
my other brand of gate didnt have that.
only complaint was my box had no directions in it.
if you have a similar staircase i would say this is the product for you!
we wanted a gate for the balcony door and this fit perfectly!
i wasn't sure abt tension gates but this is great, no drilling and it's very sturdy.
they were fairly easy to install even though the instructions weren't that clear.
i had to buy a 5.5 inch extension and the y spindle pack to fit my stairs.
they seem to be of very high quality.
so this gate's latch is slightly annoying but it did the job and kept my child off the stairs.
like this product and would purchase again.
i turned my home into my own version of a baby gate showroom to figure out which one i wanted, so here's my take on three different gates.i think they are all pretty good gates, it just depends on your situation and what features you're looking for.
the key features that ended up making a difference to me were 1) the width of the gate opening and  2) the latch mechanismkidco center gateway:---------------------cost $85 & extensions $24  / gate is 29.5" tall  / fits 29.25" to 37.5" doorway width  / 1" bar to step over / gate opening 22"-  has the widest gate opening (the space you walk thru, not the doorway that it fits into) of any of them - about 22".
(this certainly won points from my 6'2" husband who was pretty irritated when walking thru some of the others).
i was surprised after reading so many reviews on all these gates that there wasn't more mention of this feature.-  this one also had the most secure latch feature.
you have to push a button to lift the handle and lift the gate over a little ledge to open it and walk thru.
i figure this will absolutely be the hardest one for my little one to figure out.- this gate has the most adjustable widths and therefore would probably be the strongest in most door widths.
because all the gates become "weaker" if the posts are extended too much, this one seems the sturdiest in my doorways.
(ie.
if the gate says it fits up to 37" and your door opening is 36.5", it won't seem as sturdy as if the doorway was 34").-  it doesn't have its brand name printed on it anywhere (a plus in my book) so it's totally white.-  it has the lowest bar across the floor that you have to step over at only 1" high (seems less of a tripping risk).-  this is the one that has the highest rating from consumer reports.
(child safety gates 08/04)-  unfortunately, it also is the most expensive of the bunch at about $85 + any extensions you need.-  i do have to say that this one had the most confusing directions, but you can still figure it out ok - none of them took longer than 10 minutes to set up.-  it's the shortest gate and i wish it was a little taller.-  all in all, if you can afford the price of this one, it's definitely worth it!summer infant - sure & secure extra tall gate---------------------------------------------cost $60 & extensions included  / gate is 36" tall / fits 28"-48" doorway width / 2" bar to step over / gate opening 19"-  this is the one that i wanted to like because i thought it was the best deal.-  the gate opening is about 19" - which i thought was ok, but hubby wanted wider.-  the latch mechanism is really easy to operate and i thought kids could figure it out easily, but because the gate is so tall, they would probably have a hard time reaching it.-  it does come with its own extensions in 5" and 10" so it more easily fits the wider doorways.-  however, depending on the width of your doorway, this one may or may not fit as well.
for example, i had a lot of doorways that are about 33" and this gate didn't end up fitting well in them because the gate without any extensions was too small and the posts had to be extended so far it didn't seem stable.
and the 5" extension was too big to add.
(vs. the kidco gate's extensions add 2.75" as needed).-  it's by far the tallest and i liked that since my daughter has been in the 95% so far.
i'm 5'8" and i felt like i was going to have to really pay attention walking through it so i wouldn't end up bumping it every time.
i wouldn't worry about a little kid figuring it out and having enough weight to be able to push it down to open it.
for me it just wasn't cool enough to overcome my issue with the gate opening width.- good height to the gate.- it was very sturdy in my doorway.- this one did have a little ramp feature for the bar that goes across the floor that helps minimize the tripping factor.- fits only up to 34" doorways so has the best chance of needing an extension.-  all that being said, if you really want a hands free gate, and the width of the gate opening doesn't bug you, try this one.all three gates seemed to:- fit pretty tightly in the doorways after being adjusted properly.
depending on your walls and if you have moldings etc, you might need to take an extra 5-10 minutes to adjust them and get them straight and hanging correctly.- had the same type of post for the pressure-mount that is covered with a rubbery material to help it not slip on the wall.- were pretty easy to set up.- all look about the same from a quality point of view - in other words one of them didn't look "cheaper" to me than the others.please remember that for safety, only hardware mounted gates are considered stable enough to put at the top of stairs, so don't use any of these for that.
good luck with your own purchase!
it's generally well made and is sturdier than some other gates.
overall, it's a good choice, although in my opinion it is a bit overpriced.
an appropriate price for the quality would be around $50.pros:-adjustable size-door swings both in both directions-door is pretty easy to open-pressure-mounted (no damage to walls)cons:-you have to lift the door as you open it.
this gets to be a bit of a pain-not as sturdy as a hardware-mounted gate... it loosens over time so you do need to take minute to tighten it up periodically.other reviewers have commented that the bar across the bottom is annoying.
i actually find it to be fine.
you do have to step over it, but it's only about 1" so it doesn't bother me.i will update this review when my baby starts walking...
i'm hoping that the pressure mount will be strong enough to hold up to a toddler!
we got this for a one step down into a den.
well, this gate has a metal plate across the bottom which becaome the cause of many trips, baby included.
also, the handle mechanism actually fell open/aprt.
it did it a total of 4 times before we just took it down.
the opening is very narrow.
i have many scratches and bruises on hip from that gate.
dh too.
if you are really skinny with no dh, okay, maybe.
also, when walking through, when you turn to close and push down, sometimes the plastic didn't go under the red tab, totally defeating the purpose of the gate
this gate is much better than most on the market.
the gate is made of metal, but i deducted 1 star due to the locking mechanism being made of plastic.
only time will tell how much real-world use it will stand up to.
another thing about this gate that i like is the flexibility offered by the availability of extensions -- it is possible to mount this gate pretty much anywhere needed.
i would highly recommend this gate!
installation was not difficult at all.
i would recommend reading through the entire instruction booklet and looking at the pictures in the back first, but the entire installation only took me about 15 minutes, and that was with my 3 year old helping me.things i love:1.
this is very helpful when trying to get through with a baby on one hip and a laundry basket on the other)2.
ease of installation (seriously, this was a very easy install requiring no additional tools)things i would improve:1.
the height of the gate.
my 3 year old is an escape artist, and he has already figured out that he can push several toys over to the gate and climb over it.
the instruction booklet that comes with the gate.
i understand why they did it (1 set of pictures for several different languages), but it would be nice to have the corresponding pictures located on the same page as the instructions.all in all i would definately recommend this gate to anyone!
this is the second kidco product i have purchased.
let me start by saying that their products are some of the safest out there and i have every confidence in the security of the gates i have installed.
you can see my review there but the thing that is pertinent here is that they only included limited hardware in the box which would not work safely if installing the gate into dry wall (even when there is a stud).
so, instead of including another set of screws that would've cost them about $0.90, kidco likes to make busy parents go buy that stuff themselves.well, this gate has its own torturous surprise for busy parents who are trying to multitask every hour of the day.
the thing they don't tell you is that these extensions are held in by the same tension that holds the gate into the wall.
each of these tension screws are completely separate from one another (which is good design because it allows installation over uneaven surfaces).
however, because there is no mechanism holding these extensions into place, this means that the parent installing the gate must use two hands to hold up the gate, make sure each of the 4 separate extension brackets and two separate support bars, and the 4 metal extension bars which the brackets slide over (none of which lockinto place in anyway) don't fall off, all the while trying to tighten one tension screw at a time...
i cannot even explain to you how two limbs are not enough to get the job done and still remain sane by the end of the process.throw me a bone kidco!
how about the brackets clip or screw that holds the brackets into place so they don't slide off while i'm trying to mount the gate?
something!?
!unfortunately, you will find that kidco often makes the best products for this kind of thing but they sure do cut corners on the little stuff that would make a parent's life a lot easier.
it was easy to install even with the extension we needed to buy with it.
i purchased this product used.
it was still easy to install and it is truly pressure mounted - we did not need to put holes in our walls.
my twins stand on the first step and constantly play and apply their weight.
*the opening is plenty wide enough to walk through without having to turn sideways (and i'm not a skinny minnie)*this will probably work if i need to install in a doorway to keep toddlers in their room, and not conflict with a doorknob (just guessing).
*the door can open either direction (although on the stairs that doesn't matter)cons:i've been using this gate for at least 4 months now - i can't think of any.i bought another brand gate (a tall gate) to use in another entrance.
it is getting returned because 1.)
its not truly pressure mounted, and 2.)
i mention this because i will go back and get another kidco gate - i feel more comfortable knowing that it will hold up to two toddlers hanging on to it and i don't have to mar my walls.i recommend this gate and would purchase it again (even new).
(i don't use this for pets, but this would be good for smaller animals or those not jumping due to the height of the gate)
i cannot believe i waited until my 3rd baby to buy one of these!!
i'd always seen other mum's and dad's using them when we were out and about but always thought they'd be really uncomfortable.well, i finally bought one and tried it with the birth of my 3rd child, (mainly because i couldn't convince my eldest daugther, 3, to give up her seat in our double pram!)
i've used it for short and long periods (all day) of time and haven't had any problems.what i love about the baby bjorn carrier is that it's so easy to use alone.
it's easy to strap on, pick up your baby, strap him or her in and off you go.
it's also really easy to get the baby out again.
i have two hands free to help them on play equipment and my son gets to see what his big sisters are doing.i would suggest trying before you buy if you do have any back problems as it may not suit you, but is has been a huge success in this house.
if you are going to invest in a baby carrier, invest in the best.
i love watching my partner carry our baby in the baby bjorn,or "bjorning the baby" as we call it, because poor daddy is a real baby fumbler.
the baby bjorn is simple to use, distributes the weight of baby evenly over both shoulders, and lulls the little one to sleep very easily.
while baby gets the benefit of being close to daddy and getting a feel for daddy's rhythm and hearing daddy's voice up close, mommy gets the benefit of a break once in a while!
we used it at the state fair this year and i can't begin to list its benefits over a sroller!
if you're debating between getting this or buying a sling, buy the bjorn, and custom make your own sling (or find someone who does).
even before we had our baby i told my wife that i wanted this baby carrier as my first father's day gift.
now that baby is around, i love putting him in the carrier and taking him around, not just because i can free up both my hands, but mostly because we get to spend quality time very close together, and the movement when i walk seems to soothe him (unless he's hungry, of course!)
i would recommend all dads (and moms) to consider getting their baby bjorn.
for the first few weeks we couldn't use it because my baby's head flopped around too much, even when the carrier was tightened to its maximum head tightness (and our son is a big baby).
so we purchased the nojo sling, which my husband found pretty comfortable but i never really liked because i felt the weight was not evenly distributed.i am in good shape, work out and lift weights, but on long walks the bjorn carrier really hurts my shoulders.
the straps cut in when i wear it for power walks, which was the purpose of my getting the carrier.
i'm fine for about 20 minutes to a half hour, but after that i'm constantly tugging at the straps and trying to evenly distribute the weight.for this reason, i'm looking into getting the bjorn active which appears to have better padding.
my suggestion would be that if you really want to be active with your carrier, be careful to get something with good, comfortable shoulder padding.
your shoulders are carrying the weight of your child in this carrier.
i can use it anywhere and it is pretty simple to use.
it is kind of pricey, but worth the money since it has a 20 lb.
it also has the plastic snaps to hold up baby's head and the teathers to tighten or loosen the part that holds baby's head.
it also makes my life easy with my two little ones - my toddler is in the stoller, and the baby is in the baby bjorn - and i don't get tired of it no matter how long or far we end up walking.
worth the money, in my opinion!!!
knowing what i know now, i would've paid $200.00.
this is the second pair of hands you need.
i washed it and it faded a bit but i still feel the bjorn can do no wrong.
an ansolute must and a fantastic gift idea (maybe get a few people to go in on it to help if finances are a problem).
i never thought i would use it.
i used to go to the grocery store with my daughter in her car seat (she is 3 months).
she would do nothing but cry!!
i tried to carry her.
that did not work and i did not feel she was safe with me pushing the cart and carrying her.
i finally thought to use the baby bjorn carrier.
she loves it!!!
i got to shop for all the things i needed at the grocery store!!
she also falls asleep in it!
i thought i was never going to be able to leave the house without my daughter crying her head off!!
must have!!!!!!!!!
i really wanted a soft carrier, and the bjorn had great reviews...  but it's pricey.
when he was little, i would put him in it, expecting him to sleep peacefully like so many other babies i had seen.
more often than not, though, he would thrash his head around and mash his face into my chest.
boy was i glad we hadn't paid for this!but we kept trying...once he was big enough to flip around...  he loved it!
i use this mostly when i am out and shopping, rather than putting him in his baby bucket in the cart.
he loves to be up high and look around.
(if they only lived with us...)no matter how much of a fusspot he is being, putting him in the bjorn almost always makes him happy.
i keep it in the basket of my stroller when we go for walks, so if he starts wailing (as he usually does after about 2 miles) i can switch him to the bjorn and he will be happy until we are home.he started teething early and one great thing about the bjorn is it puts something soft and squishy right at mouth level for him to chew on.
dealing with a baby who is teething but lacks the developmental skills to hold and use a teething toy is maddening - so this is a great little side benefit to the carrier.the first few times i wore the bjorn, it did feel a little hard on my back.
(he's a big 4 1/2 month old...)i have no fears of him falling out of this thing, it holds him quite securely.
it's a little akward getting him into it when i am by myself and want him to be forward facing - but he doesn't seem to mind being flipped about and arched back over my shoulder for the little bit of time it takes.
it would be nice if there were some way transfer the baby from person to person without removing him from the bjorn, but doing so would probably make the carrier a lot less secure.the longest i have ever walked using this carrier is about 1 1/2 miles.
before he was born, i really thought this would be great for nice, long, arm swinging walks, but it hasn't really worked out that way.
at about that point, we both start to get a little fussy.
also, his hands get really cold, i think because the top edge of the carrier cuts into his armpits and cuts off circulation.
i have tried adjusting the seat height, but i can't seem to find a way around this.
it doesn't happen if the top flap is fasted over his shoulders, but he likes to have his arms free and doing that restricts his arms.i haven't tried any other soft carriers to compare this to, but i did get a maya wrap sling.
it made the baby so folded up, i was constantly checking his breathing, as well as constantly supporting his weight with my arm, which rather defeated the purpose of using the sling in the first place.
i really like how the carrier allows me to have my baby close, be arms free, yet still feel my baby is safe and supported.it would be nice if they made the regular carrier with just slightly longer straps.
this size works just fine for both my husband and i, but i really find it annoying how you have to pay so much extra for just two more inches of material if you and your spouse are very different in size.one more sort of so-so point about this is, they say you can use it for nursing, but i can't understand why you would want to.
i understand how to do it in theory, but i have never tried it and doubt i ever will.
i've only been using this for a month and this product has made my life significantly easier!
at home with a new baby, i really love using this around the house.
when my son wanted to be held, i would just put him in the carrier, thus leaving my hands free to do chores.
i had a sling which he didn't like, and plus the carrier is much more secure than the sling.
he loves the feeling of being next to my body and almost always falls asleep when he's in it!
this baby carrier was the best investment i made for my sanity!
it was a lifesaver for me and my colicky baby.
i put him in it when he was fussy and i needed to get things done, or go out.
he always wanted to be carried and didn't like his travelsystem, so this was the only way i was able to take walks and move around the house with my hands free.
i also used it when we went shopping.
lifesaver.
this is a great carrier!
he was fortunately big enough to be carried around it in from day 1, but your child must be 21 inches to start using it.
i actually liked this stool for the longest time.
however, as my kids got older and weighed more, i find that if they if they place their weight too much to one side it does tip over.
they've learned to be careful and we do still use this in their bathroom.
my biggest problem with the stool is that the underside of the stool is made with a plastic grid and once my son fell on it when the stool was upside down and had to go to the hospital and get stitches in his knee.
i was surprised that the plastic was able to cut him like that.
these are just things to keep in mind if you purchase this stool.
i obviously haven't thrown mine out, but i wouldn't buy another one & it probably should have gone into the trash after a visit to the emergency room.
this is a good step stool.
i'm 5' 11&#34; so i've never had a need for a kitchen stool.
but out of curiosity i stood on this to see if it really could hold an adult (170lber) and it sure can!
actually, now that i have it for my son, as a potty training - hand washing stool, i'm actually wishing i'd had it years ago for a kitchen stool.
it's large enough for my 3 year old to get both feet on comfortably but not so bulky that it gets in the way in the bathroom.
it also has a really nice rubber top so it's not slippery as well as rubber grip on the bottom so it's not sliding around on the tile floors.
i love that the entire stepping surface has treads for little feet, too!
we have two of these and my toddler totes them all over the house to climb up on things.
it seems indestructible.some reviewers complained that it tips if a child steps too close to the edge.
there's a trade off here: if you build a perfectly stable stool with a wide base, then another safety scenario is created: the base becomes a tripping hazard.there are hazards in life.
with these instruction the stool has worked like a charm.
it is a stool, yes, but i think it has been used more as a side table to her little chair in the family room until recently.
looks good.
good rubber on bottom and top.
light enough for her to carry around, which she does to reach things.
which i am glad.
my only problem with it so far is she is small statured and potty training early which means she has a little difficulty getting on and off the potty, even with the stool.
the stool is just a little short for her and i wish it was bigger across because several times she has tried to step down onto it and she catches only the front edge and it tips forward.
glad i have been right there to catch her.
ordered this product about 5 days ago.
must say that i am impressed.
she seems to take it all around the house (even climb up the sofa from the armrest side) just to go up the sofa.it has been very easy to have the young gal adapt to using it.
she gets up and gets down smoothly from her regular activities (brushing, using the toilet, etc).highly recommend it to anyone whose child is about to be potty-trained or can wash hands or perform simple hygenic chores.
this barely brings my kid up to the sink height upstairs.
oh well.
this worked perfect for using the potty and for using the sink.
also since it is a plain color it i felt it didn't stick out in the bathroom as much as an elmo or dora would.
works perfectly, it has rubber on the bottom so that it doesn't slide on hardwood or tile.
i bought it for him to reach the toilet, but it makes it's rounds all around the house all day so i'm getting more than my money's worth.
i use it as a stool and it's nice.
won't slip on any surface.
but i guess it will be hard to clean the top.
sturdy, easy for my 2-yr old to move around, and it doesn't slip when she's on it.
good large surface area.
grippy top and feet.
i just wish it was slightly taller (like 2&#34;) but otherwise it's perfect.
very modern looking.
and my decor a good fit.
i love this little bench.
now the child is still too small.
my daughter uses it for the toilet and the sink and we haven't had any issues.
good buy.
this product is not the safest step stool for kids especially little kids.
also the stool is quite small and both of my kids have fallen from it few times because they will step on the corner first and before they get the chance to put the other foot up they are on the floor.
before i even decided this will be a definite return my kids did not care to use it almost as if they were scared to go on it.
this pink one is especially cute.
they are loud when you set them down, but i would imagine any stool would be.
nice nonslip surface and feet make it safer for the little ones to reach the bathroom sink.
it is a little short, but i'm not sure higher would be as safe anyway.
i thought the price was a bit steep for a step stool, but man is it well made!
it's also a lot nicer looking after it's been used a while because the black rubber on the top wears so nicely.
i looked at another step stool in the bru store when i bought this, and its rubber already looked icky just from people testing it out.
i'm 105#, and it supports me just fine too.
i want to instill in him the habit of proper hand washing after toilet use right away, and having this at the sink will help.
i just wish this company had made this with two steps...one is not quite high enough for the sink we have.even so,  i would recommend this quality product.
we already had a plastic step stool from target and a heavy 2-step wooden one but were not satisfied with either of them.
i remembered seeing the babybjorn step stool at a friend's house and decided to take it for a spin.
i'm glad i did.pros:- very sturdy- entire step surface is covered in non-slip rubber- the base also has non-slip rubber- the underside does not have any sharp or jagged plasticcons:- premium priceour plastic step stool we got from target worked, but was not ideal.
the stepping surface was only partially covered in non-slip materials and the underside had lots of jagged plastic.
whenever i put my fingers around the bottom to move it, i'd poke myself with it and silently (sometimes not so silently) curse the thing.
the target one and the babybjorn are the same height (6 inches) so if your child needs something bigger, obviously this won't work for you.
the larger wooden 2-step stool worked great for reaching the sink, but it was just bulky and moving it so adults could use the sink was inconvenient.both my kids have used the babybjorn safe step stool for about 3 weeks and have never come close to tipping it over or falling.
the base is very wide compared to the other plastic step stool we have.
sometimes, it has nothing to do with anything.
i'm very confident in the stability of the step stool and if my kids fall off of it because they were careless or put all their weight on the very edge of a corner, well, then they'll learn to balance better next time.even with the premium price, i highly recommend it and i would purchase it again.
i wish it was a tad taller or had a step because she still can't quite reach the sink.
i like it because it won't slide out from underneath them.
i would tell anyone this is the nicest one i have every used.
i even use it.
at first i didn't like this step as it wasn't tall enough for my then 2 year old son to get to the toilet seat on his own.
at nearly 3 years old, he can get up-and-down from the toilet seat on his own, but he's still not even close to reaching the faucets on the sink.
however, after several near miss falls on a small, sliding two-step rubbermaid ladder, i realized that the babybjorn one is a safe choice.
and i like the way that it looks too and the fact that ours was made in sweden (i believe it's now made in the usa).
we use this cute little step stool all over the house.
we use it in the restroom so that my toddler can brush her teeth and wash her hands.
i also use it in the kitchen so that i can reach things on the higher shelves without having to climb on the counters or bring a chair in from the dining room.
we really like that it has the non skid rubbery traction on the top and the legs so it's a little more stable.
i would recommend the product to anyone looking for a great little stool.
the step is still too short for the sink.
i need to get something else until they are tall enough for this step or when they are potty trained.
otherwise the surface is wide enough for their feet and it does feels sturdy.
this step stool is just right!
made in usa too!!
with four kids (the oldest being 4 yo), we have five of these throughout the house.
yes, it's most commonly used in the bathrooms for the toilet and sink but the kids also use this in our kitchen and bedrooms.
in fact, we know we need more when we see them carry these around from room to room!why do we keep buying these?-height-seems to be the perfect height to ensure a balance of safety and function.
my 36" 4 yo can reach sink hardware easily.
my 28" 2 yo can use it to reach the water in the sink.-sturdiness-these are incredibly sturdy.
unlike another review i read, i find it hard to tip these over.
you have to try to tip them over or be very careless (if the kids don't place their entire feet on the step).
these are meant for kids but can easily support me (170 lb).-safety-with rubber grips on the feet, they don't move around at all on tile, hardwood, or carpet.
not only do they have rubber on the feet but the step is also rubberized.
all of ours are white and none of them have discolored.
buy and sleep well knowing you have safe, functional step that will easily outlast your child's needs.
it is a great height and helps him be able to reach the sink.
he wants to wash his hands all the time since he is able to reach!
i have never had a problem with it moving or tipping over.
buyer be aware that it is kind of short, not tall enough for my 3-yr to watch her hands in the bathroom sink, , but good for getting on the toilet to potty.
my toddler loves this stepstool.
it's very sturdy and even i've stood on it!
i like the non-slip rubber along the bottom to keep the stool in place, and the same rubber on top to keep the kid in place.
when he's taller he'll be able to use it to get to the big potty as well.
it seems completely safe, it is pretty innocuous looking, and we have no complaints.
he can't quite reach the faucet yet, but it gets him close enough that with a little adult help he can wash his hands "by himself" which is all we need.
it's light enough for him to pick up and put into position, but the rubber bottom means that he can't really drag it or kick it around without picking up -- a plus in my book, as it trains him not to just push things around when they should be picked up and carried.
perfect for little feet.
i looked at a few options before i choose this safe step.
only the best for my grandbabies!
slip resistant and easy for my 2 year old to carry, but i needed it to be just an inch or so taller for him to reach the light switch and sink.
will put away until he's a little taller.
i imagine if your child is not as tall, this stool may be too short.
hopefully this will help resolve the problem.
its probably because my baby isn't tall enough, but he can't put his feet on this thing without it sliding when he is on the toliet.
nice product, works as described.
i got this step stool in green to match my son's potty in his bathroom.
it's great and worked well for potty training.
he loves having his very own and noticed that they match.
too short for my daughter to put her feet down completely while using the potty.
too expensive and wouldn't purchase again.
i looked at the dimensions and thought it would work but another couple of inches would have really helped.
my mistake.
i purchased this so i could sit on it at the bathtub while i bathe my son.
it's way too short for that!
i wish i'd known that.
i see what people say about it possibly being a tipping hazard as it will tip if you press on one side too much.it's pretty much a standard stepping stool.
my son used this when we transition from the potty chair to the toilet.
this helped him tremendously and made the toilet more accessible.
there is rubber on the bottom for no slip and rubber on the top for no slip as well!
height could be a bit taller but most are about the same height.
it never budges.
we use it for the potty and sink, and haven't had any slipping accidents.
i would purchase this again for sure.
we really like this step stool.
my only issue is that its not wide/long enough.
i bought this with my bjorn potty chair.
very pleased with the product.
i ordered this stool for my son.
he isn't officially potty training yet, he's still more of a recreational toilet user.
so he needed a stool more for hand-washing at the sink and less for climbing onto the toilet.
a neighbor recommended this stool to me, saying it wouldn't slide along the floor.
unfortunately, this has not been the case for us.this stool moves easily along the tiles as my son climbs on and off.also, it is too short for use as a sink stool.
i'm sure that next year we will get a lot of use out of this stool, when my son is bigger and is using the toilet in earnest.
he's not quite tall enough where he can use it to reach the sink in our bathroom, but getting closer.
these stools are very sturdy, even mom and dad can sit or stand on them.
however, even though my boy is tall for his age, this stool is not high enough for him to reach the faucet for washing his hands at this point, he will need to grow a few more inches for that.
but, i still give 5 stars because i don't fault the stool, it is sturdy and well made and looks nice.
plus, if you look at the ideal stool height for the potty and most sinks, clearly it isn't going to be the same.
overall a very good stool.
i like the gripper stuff on the top and bottom.
it would have received 5 stars if it was a bit taller.
using this for my toddler (2yo) in his bathroom.
have not noticed any difference between this product and cheaper step stools.
great product for the price paid.
it can be used for multi purpose inside the house as well.
he moves it around the house as needed!
we also purchased the matching toilet seat trainer for our three year old.
i thought this would be a bit higher - i'm 5'5 but seem to be struggling to give my baby bath.
wouldn't recommend
love love love!
i purchased several of these for my kids.
they don't slip and i liked the color choices...i like clean white!
this thing is light weight, easy to grab and move with a grippy top.
the drawback to the grippy top is that it grips to the billion things kids trek around so it perpetually has something stuck to it.
probably cleans up nicely, but after cleaning the kids and the kitchen and a billion other things, the stool is at the bottom of my list and just stays dirty.
simple and useful.
the bottom and top surfaces are slip proof, which was a must!
it is perfect to reach things that are just barely out of reach - like the top of cabinets with out me having to get out our heavy little step ladder.
i'm sure that my son will love it to when he is a little older to reach the sink and things.
i purchased 2 of these, one for my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law's home as they are beginning the potty-training task with our grandson.
the top is slip-proof and has a rubber strip on the bottom to keep it from slipping on tile and wood floors as well.
he does not use this for climbing onto a toilet, so i cannot tell whether this will work for him.
it helps my daughter get on the babybjorn potty seat, reach the sink for hand washing and teeth brusing.
overall we like it!
i like the non-slip surface and that it's lightweight and easy to carry/move around.
but it's just too short so it's that not helpful for allowing a toddler to independently wash hands or step up to the toilet easily.
it is light enough for my toddler to carry around and short enough that i don't worry about her falling off of it.
she uses it all over the house, just carrying it from room to room to reach things or to play pretend.
some of the ones you find at target that are plastic are very flimsy.
this has rubber on the footings and on the top and is exactly what i was looking for.
this is my 2nd babybjorn step stool.
i liked that this was gray (matches my daughter's grey/pink room).
i probably should have 1st tried it out with our other babybjorn step stool - but i didn't b/c it is being used for the bathroom - but this stool is just a little too low.
my daughter doesn't feel too comfortable climbing down from bed (which actually might be a good thing, lol)...if it was a little higher it would have been perfect.
i do like that these stools feel more stable than many of the other kids stools, yet it is very lightweight.
she climbs up and down the potty herself on it easily since it is so stable.
she can also easily retrieve it and put it somewhere when she needs a little step up.
i wish there was a taller size of this so we could use at the sink (she's too short to reach with just this stool at the sink).
and in the early potty training days she wasn't tall enough to reach the toilet with this either, so i think a taller size would just be really useful.
i find baby bjorn products to generally be very good.
i read a lot of the other lower reviews about it being over priced, it's just a step stool or the grip is bad or it tips over...........did you buy the same product?this is a clean looking great stool with good traction and easy to use for little onesit's a trusted brand which i would highly recommendwhen you pay a little more you get better quality
this step stool is very nice and sturdy.
it can bear more than 170lbs.
i would definitely recommend this for children and adults too..
bought this to match the babybjorn potty seat.
the step is exactly as described.
green, plastic, and lightweight.
would buy this again
my toddler is 20 months old but is quite tall for his age and has begun using this to try and reach the sink to wash his hands.
the advantage for it is that your toddler can easily step on to it on their own.
the disadvantage of that height is that my 20 month old can't even come close to actually putting his hands under the faucet to wash his hands and i still need to hold him.my recommendation is to know what you are using this for and understand the dimensions of this item combined with the height of your child and about how far they can reach.
if it doesn't help you to just get a little but higher-maybe hold off.
great little light weight non slip stool.
is a tad shorter then my other stools but still a very funcional piece.
it's sturdy and doesn't slide around.
the only reason that i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that my two-and-a-half year old is a little on the small side, so this stool would be more helpful to us if it were about 2 inches or so taller.
other than that it's great!
got this for our first child (read: bought into the idea of buying the whole babybjorn potty training line to match).
it's only 6 inches tall so it's your basic step stool.
obviously the product description already says that so that wasn't a suprise.
this doesn't allow him to get on the "adult" toilet by himself nor can his feet touch when he's sitting on the adult toilet (which: (a) is bad for assisting him w/ #2 since it's better for him to plant his feet and "brace himself" rather than dangling his legs; and (b) this requires me to hold him still while he's sitting on the potty so he doesn't fall backwards or forwards).if you want a basic step stool there are cheaper ones out there that are just as good.if you have a young child, this isn't the best option.
try a 2-step stool, such as the rubbermaid version, instead.
he even leans dwn and says hi to the bear on it.the step is sturdy so he won't slip off of it.
great, simple product!
she plays with it and also uses it to get up to the potty.
the package says that it stays put no matter where the child steps on it - and it's true.
it's the perfect height for her to sit on (she is a tall 19-month old).
haven't had it very long, but it seems very durable.
this is a nice little stool.
it's not very high, so i think it would be difficult for a child to really hurt themselves fooling around on this.
at the same time, it's high enough to help a toddler get up on the couch or to the toilet.it has a nice rubberized top to prevent slipping, which is great when you have a little billy goat climbing up and down repeatedly or exploring its uses in unorthodox ways.
the green color is also very bright and fun, and the plastic shell seems easy to clean.
right height for my two year old to reach the faucet (with the extender).
want to get a second one for the toilet so she can get up herself
my son loves being able to use this.
it's easy for him to move around the kitchen to watch me while i'm cooking.
i used it once (hoping i wouldn't break it) and it seems to hold 250 lbs.
granted, i wasn't jumping on it or anything, but it held up and didn't break.
woo!
ive learned my lesson with the cheaper step stools made of thin plastic or cheap wood and wont purchase them again.
i use this cuz my baby is too short but already active and wants to bounce/etc.
so i use this under his feet.
later it can be used for potty training, and it is also a step stool in the kitchen area for the shelves that a just a little too high for me.
of course i'm by his side, but so far, step seems stable for our use.
love this product!
my favorite feature is the non-slip material on the feet and on top.
it doesn't slide around when my kids climb up and down which was a big concern for me.
my kids love it and so do i!
same material on top, which is not slippery, but never sticky.
cleans easily with some spray cleaner and a paper towel, or toss it in the shower, and voila!
best of all, it is not one of those surfaces that attract lint and gunk - that drives me nuts.
this is important, because toddlers move around, and rarely have a visual memory of where they have placed their feet:  the depth of this allows for some foot movement without danger of falling off (much less precision required).
the other added benefit of this is that an adult bum can sit on this very comfortably(!
), as i do every time i'm in the bathroom assisting my daughter, who no longer needs the stool to get up on the potty.
much better than squatting or standing.
i like this step stool a lot.
i've tried just about every brand on the market & had issues with them all - they were either too small (didn't hold enough liquid), had parts that dislodged, leaked and/or started to "fray" at the spout when my son used/chewed them.
i like avent bottles but i dont trust these nipples.
i dont think the water completely dries out of them so there is some residue that leaves it susceptible to mildew.
i own every sippy cup on the market, and these are the best.
great product.
i brought these cups since they were interchangable with the bottles we used, and the spout is soft.
unfortunately they leak all the time.
for some reason they consistanly leak from between the collar and the bottle.
my daughter also found them hard to drink from being that you need to tilt your head all the way back once the cup is half empty.
the only pro is you can replace the spouts when they get chewed.
we were much happier when we switched to playtex spill proof cups.
they don't leak.
these have been the best so far.
all sippy cups leak a little, especially with a child that throws it around like a toy.
however, these seem to hold up the best of any brand i've had.
i seem to loose mine.
first off, the ad that i saw which i purchased from told me i was getting blue and orange cups, i received mint green/pink and purple/pink.
that said, i did use them and like them.
the material is a sturdy plastic  that wears well after multiple washes and being thrown on every hard surface imaginable.
i also like the little plastic piece that goes inside the bottle preventing leaks when traveling.
my only complaint is that the sippy piece is a little hard.
i know it is meant for teething babies but i worry that when he chews on it it might hurt his teeth, it is that hard.
we've got them on her car seat/carrier, and they keep her entertained while we shop, eat out, whatever.
she has managed to stay interested in them for a long time!
great product!
he loves them!
whenever we are out and he gets upset, i pull or swing the bugs and he stops.
unfortunately he'll be in a regular seat soon and i don't think i'll be able to use them anymore.
also i wish the 'vibrating' bug went up slower.
other than that great toy!!!
i switched these from the basinette, to the infant carrier to the stroller all the time.really cute how my son would focus on them.
a friend gave these to me when my daughter was an infant for her car carrier and she loved them.
these were the first toys that she swatted and played with.
they kept her entertained on the long car trip to visit family back in n.y.
there was hardly a peep out of her.
now that she is out of the carrier i put them on the bar that goes with her walker now she pulls them to her mouth and chews on them.
at first, i'd place them on the sides of the car seat handle, so they'd catch her peripheral vision.
it's been fun seeing her develop & her enjoyment of these little bugs just keeps developing, too.
only problem is that the jitter toy (the firefly) broke a long time ago, before she even got to the point where she could pull it & enjoy it.
still, she doesn't know she's missing anything.
however, the other two take more effort to get her attention.
now that she has teethed on them for a couple of months, the crackly feel and sound in the wings is going away.
i bought these for my 3 month old, since she is just starting to bat and grab at hanging toys.
here are the pros and cons of the bugs:pros1) they can be hung from multiple places, including the car seat, bouncy seat, and swing.2) can be used as wrist rattles3) brightly colored, keeps my babies attention4) they don't hang down too far, so they don't hit my baby in the face while they are hooked to her car seat.cons1) the dragonfly is supposed to have beads in its tail that rattle.
unfortunately, the beads are so tightly packed into the tail that they don't rattle at all; also, there is a yellow mesh fabric that covers the tail so you can barely even see the beads.
i had researched this product online first before buying and was under the impression that the beads were easy to see in the tail.
i was very disappointed when i took this bug out of the package and it wasn't anything like how it was represented online.
the beads may as well not even be in the tail, since they are pretty much non-functioning.2) the dragonfly is also supposed to buzz and vibrate when you pull it down.
it does, but it only buzzes/vibrates for a split second, not nearly long enough for my baby to even realize what's going on!3)  the grasshopper is supposed to rattle, but when i shake it, i can barely hear the rattle sound coming from inside its body.
i just was a bit disappointed that they were different than what they were represented to be on the online information.
makes any car ride, just that much more quieter :)
my 4 month old loves these bugs!
she hasn't gotten the hang of the buzzing one yet, though.
this was one of our better purchases for such a small amount of money.
now i put them on his wrists when he is in a shopping cart.
they not only keep him busy but i dont have to worry about him dropping them.
these bugs are a lot of fun anywhere.
right now i have them on my son's carseat handle and he just loves to stare at them.
one of the bugs has a mechanism that when you pull on down on it, it springs back up and makes a bzzzing noise.
he loves it.
i don't know what i would have done without these bugs.
they kept my daughter entertained for hours while she was in her infant carseat.
this is one toy that i will be saving for her memory box!
the second i put him in his carseat, he starts grabbing them.
i didn't think much of them until just recently when he started grabbing for them, before that, he didn't really notice them.
i love the different colors patterns, etc.
i would recommend these to everyone.
when he saw these toys hanging on his bouncer he said his first "wow!"
:-) or, whatever he said, definitely meant a big wow.
i had never seen him that excited before.
my little man was even more attracted when he discovered that the bugs have crunchy wings, they rattle and the dragonfly buzzes.
toys came in different colors then shown on the picture; but they look even nicer.
the size is perfect also: enough to attract an infant's attention, but not too big so he can hold them easily.
he can spend 30 minutes or even more kicking these toys, touching wings and even talking to them!
the bugs became his best friends - and mine too because, while he is busy with them in his bouncer or crib, i can spare time for some homework.
just hang them from the bar on their infant car seat and they will be entertained while you do small errands around the house or at the market.
when we reg for our twins i think we totaly forgot about cute practical things like these.
to keep on both sets of infant carseats my babies really like them and im so happy she got them for us.
we put these on when the babies were about 2 weeks old and now at almost 6 months they still love to stare at them.
sometimes when we run earns i just take one down and give them to the babies to chew on, shake, or rattle around with.
they get a lot of mouth time now since they are teething.
i have washed them a few times already just cuz we spent time some at other ppls homes and their children were chewing and carrying around with the bugs quit a bit.
i just wash them in the sink with cold water and woolite and let them air dry.
each of the bugs do something diffrent.
all around this is a great product!
what i like the most of them is how versitile they are, unlike many of the other toys, these can attach almost anywhere.
they were perfect to attach to our car seat / baby carrier handle for baby to look at in the car or in the stroller.
the quality is not that great and my daughter really wasn't interested in them after 5 months or so, so the rattle and squeak element was really not that worthwhile.
we put them all over--her crib, carseat, swing, bouncy seats, etc.
she really concentrates on them and it's great to have something so small and easily moved that she loves.
he's 8 months old now and we bring them when we go shopping or out to eat.
i just velcro one on to his wrist or the stroller or highchair and i never have to worry about him dropping his rattle or toy on the nasty floor wherever we go!
she can't really see the bugs when she is in the car being that the handle is pushed back.
when these bugs are in her sight she just stares at them.
the one bug that you pull down and then it goes bzzzzzzzzzzz and back up we have had some problems with, but i would buy these again.
they need to get them and i have seen these bugs everywhere!
we hung these bugs on my daughter's car seat and swing when she was just two months old.
she loves the bright colors and they've kept her entertained for three months now.
to be honest i did not use it , but believe it is a very good product for those who travel :)!!!
i bought this to use with the medela symphony pump i'm renting.
i get just as much power out of it as i do with the regular power cord at home.
i pump in my car while at work and this is the best idea ever.
nice long cord allows you to pump in the backseat for privacy.
a must have!
older medela pumps need the 12 v lighter, which is frequently not sold at babies r us.
i think the cut off is 2007.
you might want to double check that though.
if you do your pumping outside of an office, like i do, you'll find that pumping in the car can be quite enjoyable.
you have climate control, your favorite kind of music, and you can even park under a tree or somewhere else if you have time.
this car adapter makes it possible!
i needed an adapter for the medela symphony and purchased this.
i have to wiggle it around for a few seconds before it'll turn the pump on.
i could have a faulty product but it's been too long to return it.
so far i've only used mine in the car twice but the adapter works fine and it's really nice to be able to use it while traveling.
very necessary and helpful part, would definitely recommend adding to your pumping bag if you're a working mom or find yourself traveling often.
it has a very long cord so you can use it anywhere in the car.
mobility means a lot when you need to pump regularly but don't want to stay home all the time.
it was so wonderful to have this adapter so that i could pump in the car while my husband was driving.
it saved a lot of time on long car trips by not having to stop every couple of hours and waiting for me to pump.
i just used the pump with a cover-up and kept going.
it says that the pump may be more intense with the use of the adapter, but i never noticed a difference.
if you need to pump in the car for any reason:working full-time, during lunch.long trips (vacation) during the summer.privacy.asking someone to drive, while you pump in the back (cord long enough).
:)
works great with my pump n style and allows me to pump on the go when necessary.
be sure to check the voltage on our your pump before purchasing, some are 9-volt, not 12-volt.
works great- has same power as a wall charger if not better!
big fan with my hour commute to work or for family car trips to family- pump and drive and more time with daddy and baby when i walk in the door at home
if you're a busy mom and don't have a lot of time or you spend a lot of time in the car this is a must have.
used it on a 5 hour road trip.
need to pump every 3-4 hours.
not much to say - convenient and works well!
good price for such a convenience!
driving down the road with your breast pump attached is one of the biggest joys in life!
:/thanks for making it possible!no problems with this product.
this product great while it worked, but within a month of using it, the metal part of the adapter broke off and i have been unable to use it since.
i used it maybe 4-6 times in that first month - not sure why the metal is so flimsy.
i purchased this thinking it would be an adapter to hook up the ipod in an older model car.
i have not found a use for it but there must be something electronic i have it will work with.
i bought this yesterday when i knew i was going to a "tailgate" party where i would be away from the baby and having a few drinks, and i may have to "pump and dump".
i was nervous at first, but this thing worked perfectly!
it worked just like it was plugged into an electrical outlet.
it successfully pumped my breasts in 10 minutes and it fits into the case next to the regular plug.
i also bought the medela sanitary wipes to clean the breast sheids since there was no sink near by.
the cord is 8ft long so you can go back into the car.
it will also be great on long trips, too, so you don't get any clogged milk ducts.
i am sure it works fine but just think about buying it before you do.
if you are like me, as soon as you were pregnant you ordered absolutely everything you would possibly need.
i do pump and exclusively breastfeed but i now realize i really don't think there is ever a time where i would need to pump in the car!
i rented a hospital pump, the medela symphony, with the hope of pumping at work and on the road.
i purchased this lighter adapter to go with the pump, and so far it works really well.
i haven't noticed a decrease in power, and being able to pump in the car has really kept me pumping longer than i had originally planned.
i chuckled the first time i saw this car adapter but after reading reviews i thought that this might be something that would really make my life easier.
i decided to purchase before going on a road trip and i am glad that i did.
i was going to give up on pumping when i went back to work but my hour commute each way will be the perfect time to pump at least two times a day without it interfering with my workload.
while the thought of pumping while driving seemed silly, i tried it today and it was completely safe and inconspicuos with my hands-free pumping bra under my shirt.
i do recommend this to any working mom who might think of giving up on pumping.
be hands free and it is a great idea.
for my job i am on the road and have to pump in the car a lot.
the battery pack that comes with the pumps take 8 aa batteries, which only lasted me about 10x pumping for 10 mins each!!
and they were energizer brand!!
i like this cord because it is long enough for me to plug in and still sit in the back seat of my venza.
it is not cheaply made either like some cords!!
well worth the money!!
i wish it came with a case, even if it was a cloth bag to store it in the car.
i lost the twist tie under my seat the first time i used it!!
i don't recall what year the cut off is for this adapter, but you should research that before purchasing.
the cord length is great: would have easily spaned the length of my vehicle.
the speed of the pump is faster using the adapter vs. the regular electric cord, so i just used a slower speed when i pumped.
generally speaking this is a great product, and it's incredibly convenient to be able to pump on the go now.
my only complaint is that the plug does not fit snuggly into the pump, so if there's any tension at all in the cord and/or you move it just wrong, it will come unplugged.
so i just wish it was a bit more secure, but otherwise no complaints.
these seem to be working.
i started using them a month prior to my due date in preparation for breast feeding.
i haven't had the baby yet, so i will find out once she's here if they did what they're supposed to!
i was really not looking forward to wearing the hard plastic shells i'd gotten from la leche league to help correct my inverted nipples during my last pregnancy.
knowing i was in for a world of trouble if i didn't wear them, i dug them out and just couldn't bring myself to put them on.
then i discovered these soft shells at babies r us, and decided to give them a try.
they have a soft backing against the breast/nipple instead of rigid plastic, so comfort is key here.
instead of being small and highly domed, these are more shallow and larger, so that they are more discreet when you wear them.
there are washable inserts to absorb milk, rather than having to deal with dried pooled milk.
i'm wearing them now, and i can't even see them through my t-shirt or feel that they are there (i actually lifted the shirt up to make sure they were properly positioned, and they were!).
if you have inverted or flat nipples, these are clearly the shells to get!
i was given some of these at the hospital when i delivered my baby as we were having major latch issues.
they worked so well that now we are exclusively breast feeding and no longer need to pump and use the bottle two weeks later, or one of those annoying nipple shields.
my only problem was that if i didn't wear them e.g.
at night as medela suggests then the nipples would get flat again, so i purchased an extra set and wear them all the time.
wearing them 24/7 did cause some irritation initially but breast milk solves everything, and i make sure to air the area out after every feeding and keep them clean and now this is not a problem.
i hope with longer use i won't have to wear them all the time.
i also find that as long as i don't wear anything low cut then nobody would know i was wearing them, i am not on the huge side so i don't know if that makes a difference.
as an additional bonus they are a built in catch for leaking milk.eta: at 6 weeks pp i no longer need to wear the shells so much, they have done their job and now i am wearing them for maybe 8 hours per day.
i got these to wean my daughter off the nipple shield.
i wore these all the time the first day and by day two she was latching correctly and off the shield.
i say these are the best thing for a mom trying to breast feed with inverted nipples and i have tryed everything this is the only thing that helped!
due to having inverted nipples and not really knowing how to help that (the nurses and lc at the hospital weren't much help to me at all), i didn't do too well with breastfeeding my first child and gave up after only about 1 wk which made me feel like a total failure.
heck, i didn't even know i had inverted nipples until the nurses told me!i got pregnant again and really wanted to give breastfeeding another try this time around so i began researching as much as possible to find out what i can do without using those nipple sheilds they give you at the hospital.
i found a blog site talking about how these helped a women in my situation so i ordered them from here.
they arrived very quickly and were a great price.
i started to use them when i was around 8 months pregnant.
they aren't inverted like they used to be!
they do make a weird shape in your bra so i wouldn't be running errands or anything in them but i wear them while i'm doing housework and you can barely feel that you are wearing them.i now feel like breastfeeding will be a much better success this time around because of these cups.
(and from all the other information i have learned since the last time around)
not sufficient to help baby latch.
still have to bottle feed her.
nice that there are products for this, but didn't meet my need.
these really do work.
i recommend using them before you have the baby though.
i waited, and it was quite an ordeal.
you will save yourself considerable misery if you wear them in advance (but not too far in advance, or you can induce premature labor--talk to your obgyn).
they just didn't work out for me.
breastfeeding didn't work out for me.
i am sure that they are great and all, but not for me.
this is my first baby and i got very sore and cracked nipples from breastfeeding him.
i tried just about everything to help heal them.
using these with a&d; original ointment tube for diaper rash & all-purpose skincare formula - 1.5 oz between nursings, and pumping for two days with only nursing a few times, was the only thing that worked to heal my severely cracked nips.
(if you do this, wipe off the a+d before breastfeeding/pumping as it can be harmful if ingested by baby.
)i wouldn't recommend them for leaking.
they seem to make me leak more, as i rarely leak when not using these.
they also will soak your clothes if you don't empty them very often, and then bend over to pick something up!
i can see them being useful for collecting milk while breastfeeding.they are larger than i imagined them being, but they aren't very noticeable if you wear a padded bra.
these shells saved me from severe pain when my baby was a newborn.
they gave me some time to heal and relax.
would rec.
i rarely will buy anything without looking at reviews.
although they seem helpful for certain situations, i wasn't too impressed.
i'm still glad that i have them in case someday they prove helpful.
i have small breasts so i could wear them in any bra, and i didn't have a huge leakage problem, so i changed the foam twice a day.the only problem i had was that my skin broke out where the rubber rested against it.
i think it got damp and wasn't allowed to breathe because it cleared up within 48 hours after i stopped using them.
my girlfriend complained of her nipples being sore from breast feeding and these had great reviews so i got them.she loved them, they dont touch ur nipple to aggravate it yet still catches any leakage
these shells gave me instant relief from sore nipples associated with breastfeeding.
however, know that breast shells can increase milk production (ask your lactation consultant or doctor, or just google it).
i was almost ready to give up breastfeeding and resort to full-time pumping before i tried these.
it was ruining the whole breastfeeding experience for me, and i felt so guilty!
they are a little awkward to get used to at first (think of wearing a 'cup' on your boobs), but i find that they are pretty discreet under my clothes, especially when worn with a nursing bra/top.
my only complaint is that the cups can fill up sometimes (if you have a let down between feedings), and if you're not careful you can leak out when you bend over or to the side, even with the foam inserts.
so be sure to check them, like whenever you go to the restroom.
don't give up on breastfeeding ladies!
these really helped me the first few months of nursing.
i nursed three children before i found these and my nipples were so sore that i couldn't even stand the feel of the soft nursing pads against them.
i also like that i could throw them in the dishwasher on the top rack.
my breasts were too large for my daughter to handle for the first 2-3 weeks, so i was pumping every two hours.
needless to say this wore my nipples out very quickly.
these shells - which my mother (a lactation consultant) suggested - were a lifesaver.
however, they also encourage excretion from the nipples and, thus, would fill up pretty quickly.
if you didn't feed/pump frequently and/or check on them often, there was often a good chance that they would overflow, or be so full that the slightest leaning forward would cause them to spill.
i think they would work better if you could find a material more absorbant than the foam inserts provided.
i have both types, therashells and softshells.
i have to say, there are significant differences.
softshells have soft backing, the shell is a bit bigger and on the breasts under bra they look more natural than therashells.
therashells look like you stuffed a mushroom under your bra.
it looks really funny.
not so with softshells.
while one feels wearing therashells, when wearing softshells, you can forget about them.
the only thing what is bad on them are those holes what start already in about a half of the shelf.
if your milk leaks a bit more, you'll have to check it frequently.
next thing - don't bend over.
seriously.
i bought these when my daughter was in the nicu and i was exclusively pumping for her.
i had raw, cracked, and sometimes bleeding nipples from it.
these were a godsend.
i actually just passed them off to my best friend who just had her baby and was having similar issues (is that gross?
oh well).
the first few weeks of breastfeeding were excruciatingly painful for me!
i was unable to have any cloth pressed against me, which meant i was in pain even going to the doctor's office to be checked out.
finally i found these shells and wore them with a light bra.
can't recommend this enough.i had a horrible case of thrush.
this was the only thing that helped me honestly.
i couldn't stand the feel of my nipples resting against my bra or shirt, so these were a savior.
the breathing holes allow for milk to leak through when i forget and bend over.
remember that the opposite breast will let down when you start feeding, and the sponges do not soak up all of my milk.
since he was on my lap i wanted something to secure him since he was not buckled in.i read that some flight attendants will make you take this off during take off and landing.
they let me keep it on my son and didn't say anything during our flights (they probably didn't notice).i would suggest putting the vest on before you get on the plane.
i was afraid they would see it and make me take it off of him.
there was wind shear while we were landing and if you don't pull the plane back up, you can crash (great huh).
so there is an alarm that goes off in the cockpit.
it was very scary since we were ready to land and then all of a sudden we are going right back into the sky.
the vest seems to be of good quality though i haven't tried it yet.
the sizing is way off.
the description says for 6-24 months, but i cannot fathom a 6-month-old that could possibly be large enough to wear this.
i bought it for my 10-month-old and his entire body fits right through the neck opening easily.
it's enormous.
i could fit it on my 5 y/o on the small setting.
normally it would not be a problem, but i'm very upset now because i purchased the item on sale and they would not exchange the item for the smaller size even though they were the same price.
so now not only did i miss out on the sale price because i had to cancel the order and order another one, i had to pay to have another one shipped out to me.
unless your child is huge or near the end of the age limit, get the smaller size.
i absolutely love the product.
they wouldn't let us use it and threatened to have us removed from the plane if we tried!
this was even after we showed the card that specified faa allowed its use during the inflight portion (not cruise and takeoff).
this is approved for flight according to 14cfr part 21.
the 2009 or older reviews should be ignored anyway.
buy this and visit the website for more info on how to ensure airline staff that it is approved for cruising altitude (not take off or landing which is not clearly explained why).
i bought it for my daughter for a night flight & it was good for my piece of mind, but i didn't even use it on the day flight back, because she was moving around so much that it would have just made her mad to be strapped to me..good for the night flight though since she slept so much..but i still didn't sleep at all really...
large neck opening doesn't bother baby.
completely adjustable to child's height/length and weight.
the toddler size fit him perfectly (he currently wears 12 month clothes).
it functioned great, locking him down to either of our seat belts but still giving him a good amount of mobility to crawl around our laps and investigate the seats and other items around him and we sat in 1st class so he had plenty of room to area to cover.
i'm not sure about the regulations that others mentioned in their reviews but none of the attendents on either aa flight told us we could not use it during takeoff and landing or had us use any other type of security device.
their only mention was that the vest was cute.the big issue with this item is its poor construction.
it seems usable again but all the seams are hanging out and need to be trimmed.
it doesn't seem like it will last too many more flights or another wash.
i succumbed and bought this thing out of fear but turns out there's no way my toddler will sit still in my lap for this long and since you can't use it during take off or landing, not sure what the point is.
:(
was exactly what i was looking for.
worked well.
quilted vest was a little heavy, though.
the baby had on a blanket sleeper so i wouldn't have to worry about lost socks or shoes on the way.
he got pretty hot with the sleeper and the vest on before the plane took off since the air wasn't flowing well and we were all packed in tight.
it was really helpful and served its purpose - made life a little easier for my husband and me as we were also trying to care for our 3 year old on the flight.
i like it, it kept him secure... except when the strap slid along the seatbelt and unfastned it.
this is more a flaw with the design of airplane seatbelts then the vest though.
flying business class they do not allow car seats, so the only choice is to have our baby as a lap child.
make sure to get the right size, pay attention to the neck opening size on the vest and measure your baby's head circumference.
this was not very useful for us.
we ended up nursing baby throughout our flight (nursing is recommended since this helps with baby's ears' popping), and the strap on this flight vest is not long enough for baby to lie on my knees while i nurse her.
so that meant we didn't use this vest at all!
c&oacute;moda
it's quite possibly the sleep-deprivation causing me to have missed a complete description of these, but upon receiving them the instructions say they can only be worn 40 minutes at a time.
so they are not a solution for persistent milk leaking; they are really only for collecting leaks while nursing/pumping the opposite side.
they're ridiculous-looking and huge so there's no way you would wear these out of the house anyway; not even around the house in my opinion!i found them difficult to position and keep in place - you probably need a tight fitting bra/top.
it's also quite awkward to pour the collected milk out of these.
so even for their intended purpose i'm not sure they are great; however, i don't know much about alternative methods for collecting leaking milk so maybe it's the best you can do.what worked for me instead was to use lilypadz silicone nursing pads to prevent leaking from happening at all until i'm ready to nurse/pump that side.
i purchased these to attempt to use with my breast pump (medela freestyle) to ease the pain and to wear at night.
neither worked.
the did not fit on the flanges and i lost a lot of milk when i attempted to use them with the pump.
when i attempted to wear them to ease pain and collect breast milk, that also failed.
the shape is weird (which means they cannot be worn without being very noticeable) and they seemed to leak no matter what i did.
on top of that, they actually made me more sore.
i would not recommend purchasing these.
they helped me continue to breastfeed as they eased sore and cracked nipples.
and i love being able to save the breastmilk that leaks out for use later.
i really wish i'd bought these before the birth.
i got them a few months into breast feeding and loved them.
they are really best for wearing in the privacy of your home as they will be visible unless you're wearing a bulky sweater.
however if you are at all interested in reserving every last drop of precious breast milk you will appreciate these!
also, for soar nipples they provide a little relief.the fit in the bra and a hole around the nipple allows leakage to flow undaunted, i found that the fit was good and everything leaked in the reservoir as designed.
wearing them around during the day helped me collect an extra ounce and a half of milk (foremilk, but still good stuff - hydration is essential!)
that would otherwise have been wasted into my clothing.
i tend to leak all over the place when i'm breast feeding or pumping so these are awesome for catching and saving breast milk.
this is very useful for collecting milk on other breast while breastfeeding.
good product.
a must have!
every mother needs this in the first 2 months of breastfeeding.
i used these a few years ago with my second baby, and it didn't seem to have as much information on the product at the time.
i used it for the protection it gave my messed up nipples after feedings, and for short periods of time, i preferred this over the further irritation of a nursing pad right after a feeding.
but i think wearing it more than a few minutes between feedings stimulated further engorgement (it seemed like the fit was constantly putting pressure to express milk, which i was told later actually sends a message to your body to make more milk...).
i can't remember how long i wore them after feedings to relieve nipple pain, because the feedings were all the freaking time, and sometimes if my kids fell asleep afterwards, i forgot them on (they were not uncomfortable initially).
mainly, i would recommend only using these for very short periods of time.i will probably try them again with my next child, now that i've read a little more information on how to use these (like having one on the opposite side that you're using during a feeding, etc).
bought theses for my daughter in law and she said that they were uncomfortable and that she was unable to use them
i was not fully awake (caring for a newborn and all) when i ordered these and thought i was ordering extra breast cushions for my pump (which would be nice) so clearly i did not read carefully and was surprised by what i got.
however, i am thrilled because i also was looking for something like this (a different name was recommended) and these work great.
when i pump or nurse i leak on the other side.
when nursing i would soak myself and my daughter and pumping was not much better, at least my little girl wouldn't be soaked.
:-) using these i typically catch an ounce in them which is worth so much to me.
my daughter doesn't seem to notice that she isn't getting soaked, she didn't seem to care before but i sure did.i'm so happy with them that i came back to order an extra set for my emergency pump kit for the car.i do enjoy saying its my best accidental purchase so far :-)-traci (using shared hubbys account)
love those, very useful to calm pain at the beginning and very handy to save milk (and bras) i still would not wear them out in public but great ally for easy breastfeeding and easy to clean!
these are the best inventions for breastfeeding moms!when i first started breastfeeding, milk would leak like crazy on the other side i always thought it would have been nice if someone design something to catch the leak so the milk doesn't go to waste.
then i found these and they work amazingly!
i remember i was able to save 1 oz of milk during 1 feeding session.when i am engorged in pain at night, say 4am, and my baby didn't wake up to feed, i no longer have to go wide awake and wonder if i should get up and pump.
(and that is not an easy decision because i'd hear my baby cry every time after i finished pumping!)
nowadays i would get up and put these shells in and go back to sleep.
milk would leak out from my nipples and give me some relieve so i can continue to sleep.
the only problem is because the plastic doesn't mold perfectly over your breasts, milk would sometimes leak out on the edges/sides instead of letting the cup catch it.
i was crying when calling the lactation hotlines.
back then i was in so much pain and was so sleep deprived that i could not process any advice.
i wonder what it would have been like if i had these shells back then!overall i highly recommend this product!
at first i thought the idea of collecting breastmilk this way was kind of weird, and then i had a baby.
i realized how much is lost through letdown on the other side or when you just have an overproduction.
i used these a lot in the first few weeks but there is no way you can wear them out of the house, plus its not good to keep the ladies cooped up like that anyhow.
i would just pop one in anytime i was going to feed/pump when i was at home.
you would be surprised how much gets collected.i just wish they weren't a hard plastic.
it would be nice if they were made with a more pliable plastic or silicone.
unfortunately even when used properly they leaked.
i ended up returning these because they didn't do the job.
i haven't found a decent alternative so i've been pumping one side as my daughter nurses on the other.
i use these in the morning with the first feeding because i leak on whatever side my daughter is not nursing from.
i use them more so the milk doesn't go to waste than to protect my clothing.
if i used them for protection of clothing or for sore nipples i would not have rated them as high as i did.
first, they are not made for really large breasts.
they set nicely over the nipple, but certainly do not cover much more than the areola area.
if i were to wear these out, my breasts would look like large mushrooms.
it is easy to clean and soft.
i would recommend these for the use of collecting leaking milk while pumping and feeding only.
i would not recommend these to wear out when you are going to miss a feeding and know you will leak.
wear disposable pads.
also, i wouldn't recommend them for the sore nipple problem either if you are large breasted.
initially, i purchased the avent breast pads, thinking they would suffice.
however, i found them to be itchy against my already irritated breasts.
these breastshells were the answer!!!
not only do they catch all that embarassing leaking milk, but they soothe away irritation!
this is one of the essential products for every mom.
i used it only for 1 month though, during the time my nipples were sore.it was a sanity saver.
i used these only to remain dry while my baby was nursing the other side.
i reach for the nurse-dri shells that i received for free in the hospital first.
these are big and bulky and i hate the design of them compared to other shells.
i only reach these when my other shells are dirty.
plus i hate that they only recommend these for a certain length of time.
maybe good for moms who struggle with breastfeeding but i thought it was really poorly shaped and uncomfortable, there is no way you would ever wear this under clothing outside your own house!
they look funny thru my shirt, kinda like a pointy madonna bra, but who cares when you're in agony from cracked nipples?
my only complaint is that i wish i could wear them all the time.
the directions say to not wear longer than 40 minutes at a time since they put pressure on your milk ducts.
these are in my view far superior in design to the o-cal-ette (which has a hole where the milk will leak out), because they have no hole for the leak to milk out, well actually they come with two cups, one with holes, one without, and we use the one without.
also they're apparently comfortable enough to put on while feeding.however!these are not 5 star because... they don't hold enough milk!
so we are still wondering if we can find such a product which will fit inside a bra in similar way, but passively collect a larger amount of breastmilk.
i bought these and the medela softshell breast shells for sore or inverted nipples.
i would say the medela's are better for keeping your bra off your nipples.
they're great if you're sore or want to get more air to your nipples.
the avent are better for flat or inverted nipples.
i opening of the avent shells is much smaller so it almost keeps your nipples pushed out, however, the avent definiately show under your bra much more easily.
the medela are more shallow and the opening over your nipples is bigger so it's almost as if the nipple and the areola are getting aired out.
i use the avent around the house and make the initial latch easier, and i wear the medela out because they don't show as easily under clothing.
the avent do come with solid shells too so they can be used to catch milk from the non-nursing breast during letdown too.
if you don't have the solid shells on then remember, don't bend over  :)  the medela come with little foam absorption pads to catch milk from letdown but you can't really collect milk in the medela's.
so it really depends on your purpose for the shells.
just don't bump into anything while wearing them...ouch!
but i prefer the hard shell to insure my sore nipples are protected.
you can't wear these out with a regular bra because they give you a weird shape.
i wear them to work with my contoured t-shirt bra and you can't tell i'm wearing them.
my breasts look bigger, but there is no weired shape with the contoured bra.
i wear them with my nursing bra when at home.
the shells can be used to collect breastmilk prior to feeding your child.
this lets you collect milk for future use and doesn't waste it.
you absolutely cannot wear these out in public!
this is for home use only!
they do not match the contour of the breast at all so there's a totally weird bulge on your boob when you wear them.
so with that being said, if you do just wear these at home, they can be great!
i use them at night so that they catch anything that i leak, and i can then just pour the milk into the baby's mouth via a little spout on the edge.
i find that i go the longest without nursing through the night, so this offers a great way to never waste a drop!
my nipples are still a little tender to where the weight of my nursing tank is irritating.
i also itch a bit and worried about thrush, but when i put these on the itch goes away and since it's plastic, i get a nice cooling effect initially.
i've been able to save the milk the shield catches when i leak as baby feeds on other breast.
the only thing is i'd never wear these in public as they make a weird shape under the shirt.
i don't think i could comfortably wear them inside of a bra either.
i use these at night time since my little girl decides to sleep about a 6 hour stretch at night.
i sleep with them on, and they don't move around.
the only problem is that sometimes the milk gets between the silicone and the hard plastic which sometimes causes it to leak and i then wake up with a big mess.
it has only happened a couple times though and i use them every day.
i also wear them during the day when my nipples get worn out from feeding, helps the pain!
good product for the breast feeding moms.
my wife love this product and we always used avent products because of the quality and reasonable prices
i bought these hoping to have a nice alternative to losing the milk that escapes when i become too full but these are definitely not the product for me.
there is no way to hide these things, they are hard plastic and very apparent.
i wouldn't wear them in public.
also good for helping your nips air out when they are sore.
they r too big an waaaay to obvious to wear.
my nipples were very soar, and i tried to wear these things for a day but they kept moving and actually made my pain even worse.
the breast shells fit a bit awkwardly on my breasts.
not bad though, and they do work well.
they may fit someone else perfectly, everyone is just a bit different shaped.
i bought a pair of these breast shells when i was pregnant to know the product imagining that maybe i would need another pair after my baby was born.
well, they are okay, they do what they are supposed to but maybe it was me, but i didn't use them at all.
maybe a few times right after my baby was born, but never again.so, the product is well made and has good materials, but i didn't see the usefulness of it.
finally relief for my poor boobs!
as a mom who breastfeeds it can be tough when your nipples are sore or cracked.
i put nipple cream on my sore nipples and then wear these breast shields to get a break!
:(
these do save mik and allow your nipples to breathe, but there are things to consider before trying...if you have short nipples you should be aware of the following:-  the back piece has a hole that is not flush with the breast.
it is about 1/3 inch from the base of the nipple at the areola, so if you have nipples that are short, the milk won't make it into the cup and instead catches between the silicone back and your breast.
if that gap fills up then the milk will go into the cup.
messy to remove at that point.-  you have to wear a nursing pad over the bottom of these for the reason listed above, or wear a soggy shirt.if you have large breasts you should be aware of the following:-  these are not shallow, they stick out almost an entire inch.
i am a 38ddd and these things made me look like i had giant mounds for nipples.- these will really press into your breasts and may get uncomfortable for anything over 10 minutes.for all gals with any sized breasts, know this:-  you can only wear them 40 minutes at a time, according to the insert, because they put undue pressure on the base of your milk ducts.-  when i rest one of these shells in my hand it is bigger than my palm, be aware that these are not small or discrete; you would probably only want to use these at home or if you didn't care if people think you possess giant, puffy nipples.-  an hour after i used these my left breast had sharp pains, i pray it isn't an indicator of a blocked duct.
fyi: i had no pains before using these.i gave 3 stars because they do what they say, just not very comfortably.
summary: works great for collecting leaked breastmilk and thereby minimizing waste; ventilated shells are great relief for injured nipples; appearance drastically improves if worn with a lightly padded braproduct comes with two soft bases (rings fitting around nipple), and two sets of covers: one ventilated (with holes), and one without holes.pros:- ventilated shells protect irritated or damaged nipples from contact with clothing, reducing irritation and allowing healing without blocking air from the skin- ventilated shells can collect a couple ounces of milk (if you're mindful of the holes at the top)- solid (no hole) shells can collect 2-3 ounces of milk and have convenient pouring spouts- base is shaped pointing out which is desirable for flat nipplescons:- soft base (ring with hole for the nipple to fit through) can cause skin irritation if left on too long due to moisture accumulation- outward appearance through clothing varies greatly depending on breast size and type of bra used; seems to be designed to contour with size c at most
i was looking forward to collecting any let down breast milk.
after wearing these shells for a night, the silicone shell left these itchy welts on my breasts that haven't gone away after 2 days.
:(.
they were made in switzerland and the silicone looks clear not yellow tinged.
i am sure glad i have no need for them.
but new moms that are breastfeeding will likely benefit from this nipple armor.
i bought these to use on one side while my baby ate from the other side because as soon as i get a letdown both sides start squirting milk like crazy.
:) i end up saving about 2oz every time i use the shells while i feed my baby so i was able to start my little frozen milk stash.
after i gave birth, my nipples cracked and bled, i was in terrible pain.
using the ventilated shell my breasts could breath and it allowed the product i used (lansinoh lanolinb005mi648cto stay on as long as possible, accelerating healing process.the only thing is to watch out when bending over, the collect milk will spill!
;) i had many accidents like this.going out wearing the shells can be weird, as they give a madonna look to your breasts.this product really helped me and i highly recommend it for breastfeeding moms!
these shells are very useful, they prevent leaks and save milk.
very easy to clean and put together.
avent is the best for this kind of thing.
my nips were sooo sore and cracked the first weeks after having my baby.
these shields saved my life because i was able to put them on and walk around the house without rubbing against my clothes.
you can't go outside in public with these, they poke out too much.
but they are a good alternative to walking around topless.
it's also great that they catch the milk.
i was able to freeze and store a lot of the milk that collected in one side while nursing on the other.
these are great for those early months of breastfeeding if you have any painful sore, and/or cracked and bleeding nipples.
i don't use them now in month 7, but i used them alot in the earlier months.
i use these at night when i nurse to catch the let-down on the side baby is not eating from.
it's a great way to build up a little extra for bottle feedings.
i hate wasting precious breastmilk!
i've had sore nipples and excessive letdown leaking from the minute baby was born, it seems like, and these have been so helpful in dealing with both of those issues.i agree with everyone else: you cannot possibly wear these out of the house and hope no one will notice, but for around the house, they're great at what they do!
i will second the opinion, too, that these should not be worn for more than 45 mins to an hour, because they do put uncomfortable pressure on the breast, and i did develop a minor plugged duct after forgetting and leaving the vented ones on for a 3 hour nap.
while i was able to easily clear the plug, it's easy to avoid if you just remove these within an hour.
i'm a 36dd with, apparently, longer nipples, and these work great for me.
my nipples get a chance to breathe and heal, and i'm able to save letdown milk!please note though that since buying these, i also recently switched to wool reusable breast pads (lanacare, ekstra style, medium size overnight and small size for the day) instead of using the cotton reusable or disposable breast pads i had been using, and i really noticed a huge difference in my nipples once i switched to wool.
the wool pads contain lanolin, so they soothe the nipple, and because they're not holding the moisture in with plastic (and because wool wicks away moisture so well) it's incredibly healing for the nipples.using both wool pads and these breast shells have almost completely cleared up my nipple soreness issue.
if you're struggling with clothing or pads feeling painful on your nipples, it's really worth the investment to try the lanacare wool pads.
it works great if you are sitting up straight and have it perfectly sealed, which is sometimes hard to tell if you are sleep deprived.
several times i have leaked through my shirt worse with this on because it wasn't sealed right or i tried to kind of lean while my lo was feeding.
it's hard shell, not soft one that i hoped.
when i put on with bra, feels hot; when took it off, the milk  still spill out, lost the purpose.i will not recommend this, disposable pads works better.
they keep things (such as a bra) from rubbing against very very sore nipples.
they are there to get air to nipple, (you don't want them getting dried out, that just makes the pain of feeding much worse).
i felt that they looked better that two huge wet spots from leakage.
maybe it's because i dont have a long torso but i found this product much more comfortable than the milk saver.
unless breast milk is flowing abundantly, the avent breast shells is much more reasonable and cheaper to boot
they are pretty bulky so i never used them.
but they look like they would work well for their pupose.
the bjorn is worth every penny!i purchased my baby bjorn when my son was two months old, and used it on a daily basis until he was four months old (my son went to work with me for two months).
(i have to confess, there have been a couple of times when i gave it to him to play with because i needed to get some baby-free stuff done!)
i never worry about dropping him when he is in the bjorn.our bjorn has been through the washer and dryer several times and is only showing a little color fading.
i would recommend unhooking the straps from the carrier before throwing it all in the wash - they can get really tangled together.
it is a little pricey and my ds doesn't seem to like anyone using this product for him except for me.
kind of annoying.
this carrier is great.
my daughter seems to be very comfy in it.
i used it from her first week of life.
if she was fussy i would carry her facing me and she'd be asleep within about 3 minutes of me walking around with her.
she loves to look at everything and everyone and i like having her in it so that people don't try to take her from me - she has stranger anxiety :)
this is one of those items you must have....i use it when grocery shopping, because realistically you cannot push a shopping cart and a stroller at the same time, nor can you really put the baby in the car seat carrier and have room in the cart for items...  also great for around the house.
this product is well designed, and easy to use.
putting my baby in this carrier, made traveling in the city a lot easier.
you don't have to lug around car seats and strollers (on top of everything else you have to bring).
i used this product for the first 3 months.
my baby would nap in it, while i ran errands.
just too heavy.
this is a nice item to have, as long as you know that you'll probably only be using it for the first few months.
it's pricey, so try to borrow one from a friend,(as long as the carrier is not more than 2 or 3 years old) if you can.
i have been a big fan of fisher price products and i figured i would be happy since i had the predecessor to the fp carrier.
big mistake it was the most uncomfortable thing that i could find.
i didn't want to spend money on the baby bjorn because i figured how much use would it get so why spend or ask a family member to spend that much.
anyhow needless to say i was very unhappy with the  fisher price carrier and then went in search for a replacement.
i tried out all the other carriers with my son in them to see what was the most comfy for us both.
the only one was the baby bjorn.
i spent the $ and i have to say i haven't regretted it at all.
my son was a month premature and weighed 5lbs and 11 ozs.
my son is now two months old and weighs a total of 12lbs.
i carry him around in this a lot and i have to say that i never get any backaches and he never complains from being in it.this is by far the best carrier on the market...believe me i tried them all with the baby in them.
this carrier is the best there is.
you get what you pay for, and what you get is:fit--adjusts to fit both me at 5'4" and my hubby at 6'comfort--soft and padded all overease--lightweight, compact, washes easily, packs neatlysafety--well designed to hold a wiggly, heavy babyconvenience--easy to put on and put baby indurability--we've worn and washed this plenty and it's just fineour baby has loved it since we first strapped him in at 1 1/2 months old; he's 5 months now and loves it just as much.
baby now faces out, watching people and things go by.
it does get a bit hot in summer, so dress baby appropriately in a t-shirt or onesie (no jackets or sweaters or jeans).
i haven't noiced him getting any hotter than if i carried him around in the car seat/carrier for the same length of time.to put it on and baby inside when you are alone, simply put baby on his back on a bed, then put on the carrier, leaving both sides unclipped and unsnapped; lean over, slide him in, then clip and snap one side; stand up while supporting baby with one hand.
then just snap and clip the other side and you're off.
do this in reverse to take him out at the end, then you don't need two people to do it, as some reviewers have claimed.
love this carrier.
we did get a lot of use out of it though before that.
i am so glad i registered for the baby bjorn carrier.
it is so simple to use and my baby always falls asleep in it (she's 6 weeks old).
when i first put her in it at about 2 weeks old, she didn't like it.
(so if you have a baby who fusses at it, avoid it for a few days and try it again for brief periods to get the baby used to it.)
i like to go shopping with her in it so that my hands are free.
you won't be disappointed.
if he's fussy we just put him in it and he calms down immediatly.
it's easy to clean and easy to get him in and out of it.
i go for a mile walk every day with him in it and it doesn't strain my back.
yes, compared to the alternatives (arms, a sling, or a backpack) the concept and design of the baby bjorn deserves 5 stars.
and most of the previous 449 reviews have given given it either 4 or 5.and if you haven't yet tried one, and don't yet have one, by all means and without hesitation go out and get one and start trying it immediately.
it will take a few days for your child to adjust to facing you (for a few months until he or she can hold his or head up and face away), and then again to adjust to facing away (although they'll quickly like the feeling of being out there and observant).but all the praise misses some subtle points that the manufacturer ought to fix.
i don't need the xl straps that one reviewer mentioned, as i'm only 5'8&quot;.
didn't get the money's worth.
now that it is spring again, she doesn't love it as much as the backpack carrier we have.
when i purchased the bjorn, i too had visions of long happy walks with my baby right up against me.
well, that wasn't the case - at least not in the beginning.
my newborn hated it.
i felt i was smothering him in there.
when he was 3 months i tried it again with the front facing position and his arms through the holes.
he liked it better, but could only stand about 10 minutes.
when i took it off i had such extreme back pain i immediately took 2 alleves - something i never do.
well, he's a high maintainence guy, so i figured i would give it one more try.
i readjusted everything, and when he was four months i put him in it again.
this time no arm holes.
this was much better for both of us.
i was able to get him in and out much quicker without all the extra arm and leg buttons to do.
he liked having his arms free and looking out.
it was still hard on the back, but i concentrated on keeping my knees bent and a bit of a "pelvic tilt."
we did 20 minutes a day for 3 days in a row.
it sounds kind of like more work than it's worth, but it really isn't that bad.
after that we were pros.
i have worn it for 2 hours at a time and walked a 5 mile hike in it.
he often just falls asleep in it (and he's a tough sleeper).
- i know i can use it until 25 lbs, but honestly i'm not sure if i'll want to at that size!
he seems to be busting out of it already.
i may try the hip sling - but for now he likes it much better than the over the shoulder type sling and it gives me some hands-free time.
the only reason i do not give this item 5 stars is because, in the front-facing position, my son's arms would often turn blue/purple unless i physically held them up.
the material under his armpits somehow cut the circulation off to his arms, and no amount of adjusting his positioning seemed to solve this problem.
otherwise, the carrier was good.
i don't believe i used it enough to justify the $90...i sold it on ebay for $60 though so overall it was a good deal.
my son liked this carrier so much he would even fall asleep while in it.
i liked it too because it would calm him down when he got fussy and it made carrying him much easier.i think it is tricky to get on and off though - takes a little practice.
some comment that baby "hangs from their crotch" - my baby loved it.
i did not have him in it for more that 1/2 hour though.
i only use it for 15 min.
now that my baby is 20 lbs - too heavy for my back.
so, put the baby in the carrier and you can still get stuff done.
its also helpful while shopping since your hands are free.
this carrier saved me from going crazy!
i couldn't take him out and have him in the infant carrier because he would just cry the whole time, no matter where we were.
the bjorn was the perfect answer.
even when he was only a few weeks old, he would happily ride in the front carrier for hours.
facing in, it kept him close and kept his head steady when he couldn't do it on his own.
now he rides facing out and loves watching people and watching what i'm doing.
i only have one warning...be very aware of where your baby's hands are.
my son loves to grab things on grocery store shelves.
:)trust me....spend the extra money, you'll be happy in the long run.
yes, they're one of the most expensive carriers out there, but their resale value is very high...
check out ebay and you'll notice used bjorns going for $50!
!although bjorns can be used for forward-facing babies or inward-facing babies, it is no longer recommended that you put babies in baby-carriers when they're facing you.
for them to "straddle" you, it really isn't good for their soft, developing hip joints, and can cause growing problems and dislocation.
but, once they can hold their head up some, the bjorn, in my opinion, is much more hassle-free and comfortable than a sling.i find baby bjorns most useful at the airport, and other crowded places (the mall, etc.)
where you need both of your hands, and don't want the hassle of a stroller.it's also easy for a baby to sleep in the bjorn, even forward-facing...
i would simply roll up a burpcloth or small blanket to prop my baby's cheek and head up, and he could take a full nap in it on a walk.
this infant carrier is great.
i was able to start using it as soon as my baby was born because he weighed over 8 pounds.
i mastered getting the baby in and out both awake and asleep after a couple of days which is great because he falls asleep in it almost every time.
i am able to carry him comfortably for as much as 2 hours and he weighs over 12 pounds (i'm only 5'2".)
he does get very warm in it, so i only use it for short periods of time when it is hot.
i like that i can go into small shops or the park without taking a bulky infant car seat.
it is great for when i have to shop alone, because i don't have to worry about putting his infant car seat into a shopping cart, which gives me extra room for purchases.
it is very durable and washes well, which comes in handy for spit up and diaper leaks.
even though it is a bit pricey, i feel i will get my money's worth because i plan on using it for more than one child and i know it will last long enough to do so.
my daughter loved being in this when she was just born - i even cleaned my whole house with her in the baby bjorn!
i will definitely keep this for my next child.
i used it a few times when i had to push my mom in the wheelchair and carry my baby at the same time because i had no other alternative to carry my baby.
she liked it a few times when she was a little older and could face outward.
i really didn't find much use for it, though.
maybe our next baby will like it more.
our first was a little fussy in her first 5 months or so.
this carrier feels safe when putting the baby in and taking the baby out because of the strong clasps.
it can be shoved in the basket of a stroller because of its soft and small structure, thrown in the wash without worrying about all kinds of special instructions, and used at a moments notice because of its great design.
it soothes the baby when he sleeps.
i can take him out in cold weather and feel his body heat against my sweater while covering him under my coat.
my baby is 9 months old and i'm glad i have this.
i certainly don't use it all the time, and never have, but it can be very useful.
our baby once fell asleep in it on a 3 mile hike in the mountains!i've used the bjorn in a swimming pool too- just to walk around in the water and let baby get a little wet.
it is completely washable in the washing machine!
i really liked this carrier, however, unless you plan on using it alot when the baby is small, you won't get your money's worth.
my son was too big for this by 3 months.
by the time i decided to take him out of the house, he barely fit in it.
it might be a better idea to get a cheaper carrier.
i think a snuggly is just as good and half the price.
this is expensive mainly because it is made of great fabric but it is not that important to pay double.
it is also hard to figure out and not great for busty, short women like myself or big and tall men like my hubby.
best bet is to go to the store and try it on and see what you think in person.
you  may save money by checking other ones out.
the carrier is very secure and i have no fear for my baby's safety.
my only problem was when my baby was very young, a month or so, his head was not strong enough and there is a space that allowed his head to fall back somewhat - not a huge amount but enough that i felt the need to supplement with my hand.
it is extremely user-friendly.
you don't have to have 5 arms or be a contortionist to use it like you do with some of the cheaper carriers.
you can wear this carrier with the baby facing you or facing out.
however, it cannot be worn on your back like some carriers can.
i generally wear him in it around the house when i am trying to get things done and for short outings.
if i am going to be out for a while, i usually put him in the stroller b/c i find that to be more convenient.
my only problem is that now that he is almost 20 pounds it really weighs down on my shoulders and if i carry him in it for too long i am really sore.
however, it doesn't seem to bother my husband as much.
this is my favorite baby product of all times.
we once decided on a whim to take a roadtrip for the weekend when my daughter was 5 months old and i forgot to the the baby bjorn along.
we ended stopping at a target and buying a snuggli for the weekend.
we then stopped at a babies r us to get another baby bjorn, and were able to enjoy the weekend.
our first daughter would be very fussy in the evening and wanted to be walked through the house for the first couple of months of her live.
i just used the baby bjorn, which still allowed my used of my hands.
i hate to use that as my title cause you hear it all the time but i swear i have tried just about all of them and this one is by far my favorite...
but this bjorn distributes the weight and pressure of the baby that you honestly will be thrilled with the carrier.
i have tried all of the little cheap ones and i figured i was saving money but not i have a carrier collection and only use my bjorn.
so honestly save money by purchasing just one.my son loved me holding him when he was little and when he got  interested in looking around i just flipped him around and he had the comforts of mom but yet could see everyone else.. and i had the use of my two arms... :-)
when i first bought this and learned how to put it on, and got my crying baby in it, i thought, he's going to hate it.
after 3-4 minutes he got quiet and within minutes of me walking around in my kitchen he was sound asleep!
i now bring it to every bbq, party or get together we attend.
it is tricky to get them out of it and put them to bed, you do need another persons help..until you get the hang of it.
i didnt have one of these for my colicky firstborn and i wished i had.
excellent product.
this is definitely the best carrier on the market.
it is also helpful that the carrier comes in adult colors.
sometimes you want to look like a grownup instead of always wearing pastels or items with cartoon animals on it : ) i have tried other carriers and this is by far the highest quality on the market.
the only reason i don't give this 5 stars is because i think it could use more padding on the straps!
when you have a heavy baby and a not so great back it gets hard to carry them in this after awhile!
baby does loves the comfort of this carrier!so i would say it is worth the money!
this carrier is the best!
we are on child #5 and have had a carrier for each one and the last one is definately the best!
i can get baby in and out all by myself.
i sing in our church choir every sunday and luca is in his bjorn close to me and we have never missed a mass!
it is always in the diaper bag when we shop because he ultimately ends up in his carrier.
now he sits forward in it and charms all he sees!unfortunately i have yet to figure out how to nurse baby when in this.
i do recall reading that you could but i have tried and find it impossible, at least for me.you put your arms through the straps and the front of the carrier is open, you then take the front piece and snap it on (very easy) you can then place your baby on you and hold him/her with one arm and pick up the front of the carrier and bring it up over baby sliding the built in post-like fasteners into their respective color coded openings on the straps.
baby is safe secure and mom/dad has 2 free hands!great great product!
we have gotten soooo much mileage out of our baby bjorn.
our daughter never really liked being in her infant seat and pushed around in the stroller so this was a lifesaver (sanity-saver) for us.
i used this carrier more than i used her stroller for the first 5 months.at first, my daughter would get in, "head-butt" my chest and get more and more frustrated (as would i) but at around 3 months, she stopped doing this and would just fall asleep.
she loves facing out and looking around and takes naps  this way as well.both my husband and i have worn this, and been able to get it on - by ourselves.
no problem.
only now, that our 5 month-old is 17 lbs, do i find it hard to wear for an extended amount of time.i can throw this in the washer and then line-dry it and it comes up beautifully.if the cost is keeping you away, just keep in mind that you can always resell it and get quite a bit back.
ours came used from a friend with two kids.
this carrier far outshines the snugli i tried first.
the baby bjorn is much more lightweight and better designed.
my five month old daughter loves it for facing out when she's awake and alert, and when she gets sleepy i can quickly turn her facing in and she usually goes to sleep.
i went flying with her and they searched us everywhere, usually making me take her out of the carrier.
it was easily done, even with one hand holding other items.
a wonderful product.
this is a must for any mom!
i received the one that button's vs. snaps in and i would recommend you seek out the bjorn that snaps.
it is somewhat hard to button on your own.
when my baby weighed enough (8 lbs.
is the minimum i think) we tried it immediately and she loved it.
if we're on a walk and she gets sleepy, we just turn her around and she falls asleep.
this is a must have for moms and dads!!!
we have three dogs, and i need my hands free to walk the dogs, but i like for the baby to come along, too.
this is a good solution.
i've used it several times to take him for a walk, and i've also worn it when my husband and i have gone to an art fair.
i love the baby bjorn and often wear it around the house when baby is fussy, since she likes movement and action.since i would just repeat the praise i've seen here, i wanted to add that i'm a size 18/20 (w/ a large bust in addition) and i have no problems wearing the bb.
i assume that other, lower-quality front carriers might not work on larger women (consider that breast-feeding might increase your size right where you'd wear this carrier).
rest assured that this one works beautifully.if you are larger, i think that bb sells expansion straps, which i bet other makers do not.
i have used this carrier almost everyday since my son was 2 weeks old, and he's almost 7 months old now.
i didn't think i was going to use it that much but it has really come in handy for those quick trips, that way i don't need to take the stroller out of the trunk.
we live in an apartment and i use it when i need to do laundry, which is downstairs.
i just put my son in it and take him with me.
i also use it to do my shopping so that my 3 and 1/2 year old can sit in the cart.
my son also falls asleep very quick in this.
it is fairly expensive but after seeing how much use i am getting out of it, it is worth it.
i got this for the diaper bag and absolutely love it.
not just for baby, but for me as well.
i can clip a nail on a teeny-weeny hand or i can clip a jagged edge on my own nail.
the files really come in handy for this.
i got a similar rattle with winnie-the-pooh, just to add some variety.the aspirator is good for travel, but get a preemie nasal aspirator for home.
however, i like how you can open this one up and clean it out.
most that i've seen don't have that feature.the medicine dropper is pretty good.
about average for what you're going to find.
it doesn't have an end cap, but it works just as well as the one that comes with this set.you can't go wrong with this set, or one like it.
whether you use it at home or in the diaper bag, just having these little tools all right there is nice.
i really like how organized this set is.
the one thing that i absolutely love is the bulb because there is no way to stick it in too far and it cleans easily by opening the top and then rinsing the inside with soap and water.
i have not yet used the other things but really, the bulb is the greatest thing in the world.
even if the other stuff ends up being worthless, i'd just go out and buy a better model to put in it's place.
the case is pretty useful, you can even fit a small bottle of medicine in it.
i really like this set.
i bring it with me because babies always seem to get snags in their nails or a stuffy nose at all the wrong moments.
this set has it all.
a rattle to play, a thermometer, a ball syringe.
i love it.
that ball syringe is the best thing for a baby with a stuffy nose.
it is all in one pack.
i use this little zipper bag as a sort of gadget purse for baby health things.
even with everything in it i can find room for a desitin tube, a bottle of mylicon drops, a bottle of baby tylenol, q-tips, and a little sample bottle of eucerin cream for baby's exema.
on the side is a net pocket where i keep my pediatrician's appointment cards and medicine instructions.
also, on the inside are a couple of pockets where phone numbers are kept on a provided card; i keep a pocket-sized record of baby's immunizations (that my nurse gave me) in there as well.
very handy.
i love this case, it has everything you need in ine handy case.
this is a must have for all moms and dads.
i have used everything in this little kit so far, except for the dropper.
i keep it in my diaper bag at all times!
i really wanted sun shades for my car.
this was nice, but expensive.
i found a twin pack made by the first years for about a buck more at another store.they do a decent job, especially if you have a smaller car.
i have a mid-size sedan and they just aren't wide enough for the rear door windows.
i received this shade for free when i bought other products from babies r us.my windows in the back have a curved edge to them.
you have to place the shade high on the window in the straight area.
well you miss the whole lower corner of the window.
the sun shines in through this lower corner.
when i tried to move the shade lower on the window i could not fully close the window.if you can get it for free, get it.
do not purchase this item.i just recently went out and purchased new shade for my car to cover the corner this shade misses.
i bought one of these and one of another brand, and put one in each car.
the other one worked great, but the bar at the bottom of this one warped in the sun within the first week.
it simply wasn't worth anything, since the other brand cost about the same and was more durable.
we've had several other brands, got this for free with a coupon, and like it best.
the retraction spring lasts longer than the more expensive brands.
yes, it's annoying that it's free advertising for babiesrus, but this shade has stood the test of time, so it gets our vote.
got these for my baby shower & installed them in my car...they do not block the sunlight at all from the car--might as well have nothing there for all the good they do.
and the worst part is that the support on the bottom of the shade is flimsy plastic & bent within a month from the pressure of being attached by one suction cup so that there are "wings" pointing into my car.
terrible product & i am replacing them with a better brand.
i bought this as a 2 pack with a coupon and got it for free, but it is not even worth it for free.
it is a terrible product.
the suction cups are constantly coming off and the whole shade falls off which does not seem too safe if baby is sitting under it.
i threw them right in the trash.
first years makes a better product.
i had recieved this as a promotional item at babiesrus so i didn't have to pay anything for it.
well, i got what i didn't pay for!!!
this thing does not stick to car windows and even if i made it stick, it would fall down before we even got out of the garage.
looking at the price of this item, it's better to just spend a few extra $$$ and get something that will actually work..
they are spoons, really what can i say about them.
they go fine through the dishwasher.
i like them.
pretty colors, soft tips.
two thumbs up.
do yourself a favor and stick with gerber spoons or another brand.
i have used them for only a couple months (have a ten month-old who didn't start solids until 5 months).
after just a month or so of use, the spoon color started to fade and bleed and change to a brownish yellow stain on each one.
they are awful.
maybe reserve the orange one for carrots?
i really don't care about this, so i use them all for carrotsfood can build up around the back edge of the plastic coating.
they do have the advantage of an extra long handle and they change color with temperature, but the plastic coating is too thick and too soft, and the spoon is uncomfortable to hold.
worst of all, i find the sassy spoons taste like plastic,  yuck.i'd trade them all in for these meal mates spoons.
i just like these spoons best.
the basin on these spoons is so shallow that you can hardly get any food on them.
it is a mess waiting to happen.
save your money and don't buy these.
i use them for one thing and that is decoration of my son's spoon cup.
i think that saying a spoon's best use is as a decoration says it all.
i use these spoons a lot for feeding my eight months old twins.
the handle is made of stainless steel while the spoon basin is made of bpa and phthalates-free plastic.
( i emailed the manufacturer to find that out and they responded quickly).
i would give the spoons five stars if not for this.
i hand wash them, so i can not say how they withstand dishwasher.
made in china but what is not?
actually, i found spoons that are made in gb:avent weaning spoons 2-pack, but they are pricey.
i initially tried the avent wide-neck bottles for my newborn and didn't like them.
those bottles leaked, the nipples gave my son suction blisters on his lips, he needed extensive burping, i didn't find the graduations on the bottles to correlate with any other measures at home and my son seemed to have a hard time getting a hang of how to suck against the negative-pressure that builds up in the avent bottles.
dr browns bottles solved all these issues.
i am extremely happy with them.you need to get used to washing the small parts but once you have a routine going it's well worth the effort.
it takes me under 20 minutes to wash six bottles (i prefer not to use the dishwasher).
i recommend going straight for the 8oz bottles and buy the 9-pack which is available at other websites.
when warming these bottles, if you find the fluid going up into the vent, just loosen the collar, the column of liquid goes back down and tighten again.
if breastmilk is stored in these bottles in the fridge, the fat content does tend to stick to the plastic of the vent.
the caps snap on loudly which is the only 'con' i can think of.
use the travel disc to avoid leakage when transporting milk.my friend's babies with refulx did well on these bottles.
my son doesn't have reflux but i can't imagine using any other bottle for him.
highly recommend them and would definitely buy again
when my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including evenflo, triflow, avent, etc.
we ended up throwing all other bottles away.
i had read other reviews about the small parts being difficult to wash, but i don't really have a problem with that.
we don't have a dishwasher and i end up hand washing everything.
i can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
as to some reviewers complaints about leakage, it's true that if the inner tube gets full sometimes the milk can leak out the top - but this has only happened rarely and i've found that if i unscrew the cap and pull out the inner tube then put the tube back in (basically reassembling the bottle), the problem is resolved.
the adjustment takes less than a minute and like i said, i've only had it happen once or twice.
otherwise the bottles, nipples and all the parts are really durable - especially the nipples.
so, my only suggestions are1.
hold off on buying extra nipples to see if you really need them (or at least don't open the package until you need to) and2.
to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles.
they are sturdy and practically spill proof.
we have used other bottles, and there are a few that she will use, but it takes a little to get her to feed.
she just starts right away with these, plus she doesn't seem to get any air when eating.
she can feed longer without having to be burped.
just like breastfeeding.
also, they are less messy.
when she uses other bottles i have to put a bib on her to catch all the milk that leaks out all over her face.
she doesn't leak milk out with these.
she isn't collacky or have reflux so i can't comment on that, but boy are they great for breastfed babies.
i love being able to give her breast milk in public and not have to stop and sit down and be descreet while lifting my shirt......(you know)  i can just feed her right in her seat while pushing the cart since is works great while upright.
i only use these bottles, my daughter would not take any other ones right from the start.
i can not compare to other brands but i can tell you that she doesn't spit up, which may be her naturally, but i wouldn't switch from these bottles just in case.
they are more work to clean ,but if you buy enough they can be put in the dishwasher so it really isn't a big deal.
i also read other reviews about leaking and can honestly say i have never had a single leak.
there is a line on the bottle that says not to fill above and also for travel they provide a "travel disc" to fit under the nipple to prevent leaks so i am not sure how other people have all these problems.
i really think these are a great product and certainly worth trying!
these are the greatest invention in bottles...ever.....these bottles helped my daughter so much....no more gas,no spills or leaks...the only downside is they are hard to clean..but who cares....
this bottle is an eye catcher because it's so different.
how come there's so many parts to wash and not only that, the pieces are tiny too!
my baby has reflux and extra gas just makes him completely miserable.
we got these bottles when he was 3-weeks old and they really do make a difference!
i'm a pediatrician, so i was a skeptic when i read that the bottle claimed to reduce gas/colic.
but i think i'm convinced!
i have been using shields since day 1 with my daughter so i am quite experienced.
i have no trouble using them, and actually like the thickness of them as i wear them daily.
after 6 weeks of plugged ducts, engorged breasts, and painfully raw nipples, these were the only shields that offered some sort of reprieve.
i tried 4 different brands and these were by far my favorite.
they had a nice stiff nipple so that you could get really good suction (no worrying that they were going to get sucked into the baby's mouth) and the shape allowed for the most skin to skin contact.
so much so that i would sob every time our little girl latched and fed.
it was horrible for our experience and for my husband to sit by and watch.
using a nipples shield changed everything!
i will continue to use it the entire time i feed her.
i feel like she is able to get more milk with it and that her and i are able to bond and enjoy the experience of breastfeeding more.
i use lansinoh and the first years lanolin free nipple butter after every feeding as well.
the combination of everything kept me from giving up on breastfeeding and/or suffering through the pain.
i believe this was in part due to the similarity between sucking on the shield and a bottle nipple.
i used these temporarily since initially my nipples were cracked and bleeding.
my husband had gotten me nuk-barely there at walmart.
i ordered these (since i had their pump and loved it) and another brand through amazon to see if they were better, and they both failed miserably.
i believe since they were thicker and bulkier she disliked them.
after trying to use them multiple times, i gave up and ordered extra nuk-barely there nipple shields.
don't waste your money on these.
a lot of lacting consultants hold off on recommending to use this products.
prevent before being sorry.
this product was very helpful until i created resistance.
these are abit thicker than the medela ones they gave me in the hospital but me and my baby seemed to like them better.
i had to use shields due to inverted nipples... may baby could not latch on without them.
i started using the medela shields but wanted to buy a few more to have on hand and these were cheaper.
the material is thicker and less pliable than the medela shields.
they work okay but i don't care for the thickness.
i also had them leak while nursing.
so over all the product works and the price is nice but i found the medela contact nipple shield a better option for myself.
for my last child i had to use nipple shields for a while and they worked fine.
i don't know if my experience is unique- but i just ordered these with my second child and they were far to big for her- they made her gag.
could not continue use of product.
i got these thinking they were the same size as other brands size small..
boy was i wrong they are smaller than extra small sizes in other brands..
so buyer bewear!
but they are good shelds, they work good and stay in place.
my nipples are difficult to be latched for my baby.
and i feel very pain when i feed her everytime.
i really hope this one can solve my problem but it disappoint me.
it is hard to stick tightly on the breast, when my baby latched rubber nipples, it will become warped up on both sides, then it sticked on my baby's cheeks, it's so funny.
the other important thing is it smells not good after i sterilize it even thought the ads said it odorless.
i only  tried once and will  not use it again.
nipple shields in general are hard to use, but these were nearly impossible.
it's a great idea to have so much open space to allow for more mouth to skin contact from the baby, but i just couldn't get them to stay on because there was so little area around the shield.
if you're a pro at using shields, then these are probably great.
i just couldn't get the hang of them.
these are ok and worked great for me but be advised, if you don't have inverted or flat nipples and are using them solely for cracked and bleeding nipples, the baby could suck the ends of your nipples through the holes.
i couldn't find any comparative reviews on different brands of nipple shields when i was trying to decide which one to purchase.
i ended up buying the medela nipple shield (20mm), the philips avent nipple protector and the tommee tippee nipple shield.
the height of the nipple part is a little too high for me and baby often makes a choking sound when trying to latch in the beginning.
it comes with just one shield, which makes it the most expensive of the 3.philips avent standard nipple protectori purchased this based on looking at the product pictures, hoping that it would not be as high.
unfortunately, it is just as high as the medela nipple shield, but also wider and thicker, making it difficult to stay in place and get baby to latch.
comes with 2 shields.tommee tippee nipple shieldthis nipple height was the least of the three brands.
in theory, the extra cut outs along the side of the nipple part is supposed to promote more skin to skin contact, but as another reviewer stated, all it did was making my nipples sore because it would get sucked through the holes.
i hope this is helpful to those in search of nipple shields.
not all nipple shields are created equal... these don't stay on very well, they are thick (not nipple like) and large.
just fork up the money for a medela shield...
the silicone was too thick for this, hard to keep it on.
might be handy if your kid is a super biter and otherwise doesn't have any feeding issues.
these are alright.
i'm still using them and they saved me a lot of pain.
at the hospital, i was given shields that cover the entire nipple and i wasn't a fan.
though, they don't stay put and i need to readjust them many times during each feeding.
these shields are durable, easy to clean, handy to take along when out and about, and very easy to use.
at two months in we are still using it until he grows a little bit more.
the shields we received from the hospital had a round plastic base that would not stay stuck on, would leak milk, and was hard to keep off our son's nose.
these, on the other hand are easy to use with one hand, keeps the plastic off his nose, and stays in place better without leaking.
plus, because they're not very expensive, we have tons of them so we have a couple for the diaper bag, a couple for the downstairs nursing station, and a couple for the nursery, plus if we accidentally leave one at the pediatrician or something, it's not a tragedy.
horrible!
too deep..
good quality, nice soft plastic.
i had trouble with the sides flipping up onto my little boys cheek.
not the biggest problem ever, but it was distracting to him.
i think the medela shields are worth the few dollars more.
these nipple shields were the best ones that i tried.
i like that they aren't a full circle so the baby's nose wasn't being covered with plastic when he was feeding.
it was really nice to have at the beginning but once we were able to feed without it i was definitely glad to get rid of it!
:) the one downside was that my little one would grab hold and pull it off and get milk everywhere.
however, i think that would be any nipple shield.
i bought these because i wanted very badly to breastfeed my daughter but we were having latch-on problems.
i was told that nipple shields could be helpful for this.i went with the avent because overall, i am super impressed with their products.
i only use their bottles and pacifiers and have been a happy customer in the past.i don't really recommend these specific nipple shields.
i can't get them to stay in place and they are really akward.
my daughter dislikes using them and i can't get her to nurse with these.if you are in the market for a nipple shield, go with the medela brand ones.
those are much easier to use and less akward for baby.
i've used them to breastfeed my dd since she was born (now 2 months old) - bf without them is incredibly painful for me, even with a very good latch.
wearing the shields has made the experience bearable.
it was pretty awkward for him, but he still managed to nurse and i didn't feel any pain!
i only needed these for a day to heal enough, but they were worth it.
these were my favorite nipple shields by far!
i tried the medela brand prior and always had trouble with it staying in place.
the avent nipple shields allow more of your skin to touch baby and they are soooo much more afordable which enabled me to purchase more so that i had a few to get me through night time feedings.
also very durable and didn't seem to get as flimsy as the medela with repeated washing & sterilizing.
thicker and make it harder to wean off of for baby.
you gotta love the bpa free material.
i would give it five stars but sometimes it doesn't stay on the nipple well.
don't know whether to use.
but feel like the quality of this brand is good
we had been using dr. brown bottles exclusively, but our little one was getting gas and seemed fussy after meals.
so, the bottle sat unused on the bottle rack for a week or so until i found slow flow nipples at a local store.
i brought them home and we tried the bottle out again- what a difference!!!
secondly, there are much fewer parts to assemble- and wash.  thirdly, and most importantly, our little one is much less fussy and gassy after meals.
2) the design of the vent requires some negative pressure to allow the air to flow into the bottle.
so if you're looking for something to address a colic/feeding problem, that's the way to go.
but as previously mentioned, the best advice is to buy one of each and find what works for your little one.
currently we are using thecomotomo natural feel baby bottleand i've had no problems with her feeding.
after reading all the glowing reviews for this bottle and the manufacturers claim that it helps to reduce colic, gas etc because of the unique angle of the bottle i decided to give it a try.i must say also that i was given the opportunity to review the smaller sizes before my baby was born and gave them to a friend of mine who had recently had a baby and her baby loved them, mine on the other hand hated these.
she would push the nipple out of her mouth and cry.
after a few tries i gave up trying and switched back to her comotomos and i've had no problems.
it may be that she's already accustomed to the feel of her regular bottles since the nipples are larger makes her think she's still on the breast since they fit against her chin and nose just the way its done when breastfeeding.just because my baby was picky and did not like them does not mean that your baby will as well.
we purchased these and within three days he had no gas and the colic was alot better.
we love these and plan to use them with every child we have.
they are a hassle to put togather in the middle of the night so i assemble and fill mine with water after i wash them and just add formula when needed.
well worth the hassle though :o)
i tried the dr. brown and avent feeding systems but encountered several annoying problems.
both nipples flowed too fast causing my son to choke and gag, and led to terrible gas and spitting up with every feeding.
my infant son now rarely spits up and hardly has any gas problems.
nor do i have to administer the mylicon drops with every feeding as i did before!
ventaire does not make a "wide neck" bottle, which is admittedly easier to clean.
however, i found the big avent and dr. brown's bottles (8-9 oz size) to be cumbersome, especially when storing them in the fridge or in a diaper bag.
we really like these bottles - we have had to burp our baby much less since we switched to them.
i noticed an earlier review had complaints about warming the bottles - we have no problems warming the bottles in our bottle warmer, and the only package warning i have seen is to remove the nipple before warming, which we do.
the bottles are extremely easy to clean - we hand wash the tops and removable bottoms and put the bottle bodies in the dishwasher and have had no problems.my only complaint is that some of the bottles have the ounces printed in colored ink on the side of the bottle instead of the ounces being molded into the clear plastic.
the bottles with the clear plastic molded numbers have more precision (showing ml and ounces to smaller units instead of only having markers every two ounces as the colored ink bottles do).
not to mention, with the clear plastic molded numbers, i don't have to hunt to find a bottle body to match the top and bottom - i have enough trouble finding socks to match my son's outfit, i don't want to worry about matching bottle bodies to the tops and bottoms!
as a single, first time mom to a beautiful 7 week old baby girl who is currently using the drop in system, i wanted to try a bottle that i didn't have to continue to buy things for.
so when i saw these, i jumped right on them, since they were supposes to help with gas and colic just like the drop ins, little did i know they were going to be such a pain!
after washing them one time and reassembling them like the instructions said, they leaked all over the place from the bottom of the bottle!
talk about frustrating when you have a screaming baby wanting her bottle!3.
with these, it doesn't work!
after waiting 10 minutes with her screaming in my arms for her bottle the formula was still extremely cold!
i had to run it under hot water for 10 more minutes for it to not be freezing, but it was still really cold!
and at 2am you don't want to sit there with the water running forever just for the bottle to still be cold.definitely not worth the money or your time!
save yourself a headache and don't even consider these bottles for your little one.
i'm not sure if they are going to discontinue the ventaire bottles but they are getting extremely hard to find in stores, as well as the replacement nipples & discs.
they are easy to find, our babies have never had issues with spitting up or gas and they do not leak.
some prefer this, but i find it a little annoying.
fyi - the dr. brown's nipples fit these bottles exactly the same as the playtex and you can still get those in the store.
way cheaper than trying to find the playtex ones.
when i first saw this, i was sure that it would leak, but it just seemed like sure an innovative idea that i bought one anyway.i unscrewed the nipple ring and the bottom of the bottle.
i was so sure that it would leak if i put anything liquid in it.
i filled the bottle full of water and tossed it around on a white sheet to see if it leaked.
it didn't, but i still wasn't sure.so, i washed the bottle in hot water.
i've noticed that some bottles leak after being washed.
then, i tried the sheet experiment again.
it didn't leak.
this bottle is 9 months old and still hasn't leaked!
we had a hard time getting ebf baby to take a bottle.
of course we tried 5 different types of wide-neck bottles before we realized that she only likes thin-neck.
we used the dr brown's but the slow flow was way to fast for her, she choked and gagged through the whole bottle.
we decided to switch to playtex for the slower flow.
after five months on the slow flow (8mo old now), she started to suck too hard for it, so we tried medium flow, which is still too fast.
now she seems to be somewhere in the middle.
we have used the dr brown's level 1 nipples in the these bottles which seems to work for her now that she can handle a faster flow.baby does swallow a bit of air, their venting system is not great.
the pieces have to be perfectly dry before you attach them, or it won't vent, but even then baby had to stop sucking so that i could release the air trapped inside.
it did work if i loosened the bottom to let the air out while she was drinking, but after drenching her with milk a few times i gave that up.
eventually that problem went away as baby learned to take a breather during the bottle so that i could vent it.
baby has some gassy issues sometimes, but this may just be something that mom ate.
(she's breastfed)also, you would think that the way this bottle angles would be a huge plus, but i still have to tilt it too much to get the last 1/2 ounce out, the milk gets caught at the lip, it doesn't smoothly flow in.
i've got a 2 week old.
great bottles, but the nipple was way too large for my son's mouth and he got a blister on his top lip.
so i tried gerber for newborns...smaller nipple, but more bubbles and gas for baby.
but my son sucked on it for 5 minutes and got nothing out of it.
then i realized that the nipple doesn't just have a hole in it like other bottles do.
it has the slit-type hole, and the baby has to be squeezing the very tip if anything's going to come out.
but we solved our problem by taking the nipple off of the gerber bottle and use it on the ventaire bottle.
(they tell you not to do this.)
whew!
she loves them.
i thought i would never find the right bottle, but ventaire is it.
maybe when she gets bigger she will do okay with other bottles but for now i will use these.
we have never had any problems with feeding, she drinks just fine.
the newborn nipples were too slow for her, so we just got the next stage a little earlier.
it took so long to heat up one bottle that we just started making a new bottle almost every time, or sticking the bottle in a bowl of hot water.
one issue for some parents, for those who don't want to upgrade after the newborn stage, i don't think these will be good for upwards of the first year of a child's life.
the size and setup don't really seem like something for anything but newborns.regardless, it's a good newborn set that should satisfy all needs, because it can be used in conjunction with breastfeeding & formula.
we received this set free from amazon for the new baby.
my wife is a family nurse practitioner and she considers this type of bottles the best for our kids.
the main reason?
with regular bottles, it is very easy for the silicone/plastic nipple to contract so it makes up for the milk that was taken out.
one solution would be to constantly turn the regular bottle or just take it out and pull the nipple out once in a while.
with this playtex set, you do not have to worry about it.
it is very convenient and the nipple does not get stuck to the bottle.
the only potential downside is having more pieces to clean - as each bottle has 2 extra pieces to help with the pressure flow on the bottom.
i actually like these bottles and we use these for formula and avent for breastmilk, just out of habit.
i think there is a little less burping after using these, but the extra parts to clean when you take the bottom off can be a nuisance.
we have never had leakage problems.
when i used other bottles.
i was so worried for my daughter.
she use to drink 2-3 oz milk even at age of 4 month.
thanks for this product.
i bought these and another brand-i will say hands down these are better, my daughter has no issues with gas or hiccups.
they were horrible because they leaked (you can't over tighten or under tighten and all sorts of other finicky things) and they also left my baby with lots of gas where he would cry violently.
horrible to watch.
i tried several other bottles and still wasn't happy with them.
my girlfriend kept on telling me to try these but i was skeptical becuase people said that they leaked.
well anyhow i was at my whits end and hurting for my son so i decided to try them.
i do have to say that the stage one nipple is hard to get anything out of.
but i did use the stage two nipple and it's been great.
he will occasionally have to burp but it's quick and painless.
most times he doesn't have to burp afterwards.
there is no spillage from the side of his mouth and he will drink his milk straight and not have to be burped half way so that he can finish eating.
i have never had the bottles leak because i washed them all and assembled them and left them like that.
i do clean them after every usage with soap and water.
then once a week i take them apart, sterilize the bottles in the sterilizer and boil the nipples and disc.
i immediately reassemble them and then test them with water to see if they are leaking.
i think that you will run into leaks if you try to assemble them as you are ready to use them and are rushing because the baby is hungry.i wish that i could give these bottles more than five stars.
i should have listened to my friend sooner.
the idea of the bottles is good.
they do help to reduce air.
however, to me, it was not worth it b/c of the problems we had with the nipples.
it seemed like every nipple had some sort of problem.
some would choke and gag him, some didn't even work and nothing would come out, some were okay... you get the point.
we had to constantly try to keep up with which nipples were the good ones and which ones didn't work.
and when you have a hungry, fussy baby, its no fun to be wasting time trying to keep up with stuff like that.
on top of the fact that we had 20 bottles and only 2-3 nipples that worked the way they were supposed to.
another issue we had was that the nipples all colapsed!
it was horrible.
he would suck 10 times and the nipple would be colapsed.
i felt that these bottles were very poor quality.
like i said, the idea of the ventaire is good, but the bottles just aren't up to my expectations.
i'm a dad of 14 month old twins.
i promise you one thing - these bottles are purchased only by first time parents (like me).
anyone who's on their second or third would tell you to save your money.i realize that every child is different, and some burp up more than others - but they all burp up and they all get gas.
some more than others.parents get so frustrated and worried about their babies that they try anything different.
one thing seems to 'do the trick' when the problem was ready to stop on its own.we tried every bottle gimmick sold on babies-r-us.
on the third use of this one, the bottom came loose, and there was formula everywhere.since our twins were 2 months, we have been using the plain old evenflo bottles from any grocer.
there's a bottle, ring and nipple.
all of the gimmick bottles have half a dozen parts that need to be individually cleaned, or come apart, or leak.think about it - playtex, gerber, avent, evenflo - they all sell the same simple three-piece bottle, but they also sell some sort of state-of-the-art bottle that's supposed to cure all of your baby's ills.
so how could they in good conscience continue to sell those cheap, gas-inducing, old-fashioned bottles?because they work; because all of the repeat parents buy them; and because all new parents eventually need to buy a bottle that does what it's supposed to.
i've used all kinds of different bottles over the years from cheap wal-mart specials to avent and dr browns and these bottles are much closer to the higher end than the lower.
here is a break down of what i like and don't like.pros:-baby doesn't seem to have much gas after using these.-it is very easy to clean the inside since both the top and the bottom come off.-they are very easy for both me and my baby to hold.cons:-since the top and bottom do come off there are 5 pieces to clean for each bottle, so it takes up a lot of room in the dishwasher.-the nipples seem a little faster than most others i've tried, so at first my baby made a big mess when using these because she wasn't used to fast flow.-the nipples and tops are very close looking to the avent bottles, so sometimes i put the wrong ones on one or the other and they leak.so to summarize, i would get these bottles again and other than perhaps the avent bottles, since they have less pieces to clean, these are my favorite that i've used.
these bottles are the coolest.
the fit in your hand really well.
they are bent to go into the babies mouth at the correct angle.
the venting means a lot less gas and there is no messy bag to have to mess with and squeeze the air out of.
the air vents from the bottom of the bottle, which would lead you to think the bottle would leak from the bottom, but it hasn't so far.
this will cause air to come in from the nipple, defeating the purpose of this bottle.
also, if you are using a bottle warmer these bottles won't work.
i havethe first years babypro quick serve bottle warmer, which uses steam to warm the bottle, and it does not work with this type of bottle.
the steam gets the vent disk wet, which renders the system useless.while these bottles work great under ideal circumstances, i can't recommend them.
i don't want a bottle that won't work if i'm trying to wash it right before i need to use it.
sometimes you get busy with a baby and with everything else you have to worry about as a new parent, who wants to add making sure you wash the bottles early enough to make sure they are completely dry?
we bought the playtex ventaire based on the rave review of a friend, hoping our baby would suddenly cease spitting up as theirs had done.
it didn't work like that for us, but i will try them again when my baby is older.
the difference in the speed of fast flow became clear very quickly: the playtex is much faster than the comotomo.
we went back to comotomo which our baby loves, and will see what happens with these when she's a bit older.in general, we liked the shape of these bottles for feeding--very easy to hold--but disliked it for making formula, as the opening is so narrow we had to make the formula in a thermos and then pour it into the bottles.
not such a huge imposition, but one more thing to have to wash again and again is a time waster we don't need.
the vent aire bottles seemed like a good choice since we've had to get rid of older bpa bottles that the other kids used...
i really do like these bottles but they do leak out the bottome sometimes.
i have discovered if i let the bottle air dry after washing instead of putting it together it doesn't leak.
i also like that the nipple does not collapse like some bottles do.
these came with the fast flow so i had to purchase the medium flow as well since my little ones isn't quite ready for fast flow.
as i said in a previous review of the starter product in this line, theplaytex ventaire advanced bpa free wide bottle newborn starter set, the ventaire system is a vast improvement over the old standard every mom, nanny, babysitter, grandma or other caregiver is familiar with - the playtex nurser sytem with those plastic bag inserts that were supposed to create a vacuum as baby fed, cutting down on gas and discomfort.
i started out with the newborn set so i'm now a little more adept at inserting the disks into place and using the bottle itself.
however, that was for a newborn sized bottle.
it did take a little getting used to but before swithing to the fast flow and perhaps creating waterfalls of milk or formula all over your infants face and your chest, check out the medium flow nipples available here on amazon:playtex bpa free ventaire advanced silicone nipples, 2 pack, medium flowthe set  pictured here is a 9 ounce set of 3 bottles all with the fast flow nipples.
if you are already needing a 9 ounce bottle, you probably will not need the slow flow nipple anyway but if you do, you should know that you can by the slow flow, medium flow and fast flow nipples separately in 2-packs here at amazon.
it's best to stock up on those since you'll go through the nipples faster than the bottles themselves, which are petty sturdy and easy to clean.i don't use a bottle warmer since i pump.
i cannot see how a traditional bottle-warmer would accomodate this new system.
personally, i've never had the need myself but i imagine this may be a deal breaker for some moms.
still, this and the newborn set would make nice gifts for either a new mom or one who has been struggling with the old playtex nurser.
it takes a little practice - a couple of days or so, to get the hang of this but i am quite pleased with the results.
i really like these bottles.
however, the nipples that came with them didn't work.
i even tried the stage 2 nipple and the same thing happened--nothing!
i usually use the dr. brown's bottles (which i absolutely love) so i tried the ventaire bottle with a dr. brown's nipple and it worked just fine.
i never figured out what the problem was with the playtex nipples.
our baby had no problems using these ventaire bottles with the fast flow nipples on the first try.>bottom vents also help milk flow without vacuum build-up.>angled design reduces chances for ear infections because the baby is sitting more upright rather than on their backs.>easy to use, clean, and sterilize (boil nipples and vents in water for 5 minutes once a week) with the removable tops and bottoms at home.
the bottle itself just requires hot soapy water for disinfection.>compatible with playtex nursing necessities breast pumps to help store breast milk.>convenient, bpa free 6oz.
it doesn't seem like the bottle itself is compatible withphilips avent microwave steam sterilizer(nipples and vents are boilable).
will need to consult with playtex customer support for clarification.bottom line:good, effective, innovative bottles to minimize complications (gas, spit-up, colic, and ear infections) from nursing with bottles.
easy to clean and disinfect bottle (hot soapy water); sterilize nipples and vents (boilable) at home.
makes for an easier clean up.
does not leak.
designed for an even flow.
great product!
i have been faithful to the dr. brown bottles, but had heard good things about these as well and was interested to try them.
i do like the angle of the bottles for one, as you do not have to tilt the bottle as much.
this helped my daughter to actually control the flow better instead of not enough or too much coming at her.
i both like and dislike that the bottom screws off.
he fell asleep today while drinking from the bottle - something that never happened with regular bottles before.
i don't necessarily know if these bottles work for colic because my son did not have that but these bottles did eliminate him gulping so much air like he was with different bottles.
with other bottles he would choke himself and swallow too much air which made for a very cranky kid.
skip all the other fancy, more expensive bottles and try these.
i, like so many others, had a problem with the flow when i first used these bottles.
i originally just grabbed them off the shelf at the store because my preferred brand was out, and these were six ounce bottles, so i thought they'd be perfect.
my son was about 2 months old at the time, and the second time i used them, he kept sucking and nothing came out.
we finally noticed that there was absolutely no hole in the nipple!!!
we immediately tossed that nipple and put these bottles away.once my son was old enough to hold his own bottle, i brought these back out with a stage 2 nipple.
he's eight months old now, and he has no problems whatsoever with them.i do recommend the dr. brown's bottles over these, though, especially the wide neck ones.
they are expensive, but i have been nothing but pleased with them.
my son is four months old and only used to the slow flow nipples &#8211; these come with fast flow so i had to purchase a set of slow flow nipples &#8211; and they do make a huge difference&#8230; my son will not drink out of the fast ones &#8211; he leaks everywhere and does not get anything down&#8230;
let me start by saying that we used playtex ventair bottles with my first child.
we were excited to hear that they were bpa-free and with our past experience with playtex bottles, we were happy to purchase these.within 3 weeks, the ink on the bottles came off of them.
so now we are stuck with 20 leaking bottles that require a sharpie every few weeks.
perhaps it was because we washed them in the dishwasher...but really, the bottles should be prepared to handle that.please don't waste your money on these bottles.
they appear great at first but go downhill quickly.
if you plan to bottle-feed your baby, playtex's ventaire should be on your list of considerations.
-- the ventaire does seem to work for some babies, provided you follow the instructions and hold the bottle right.reviewer m. gunderson is half right, imho, about the nipples.
stage 1 nipples are indeed too slow; even i had trouble sucking anything out of one.
(i assumed i was a better sucker than the baby!)
stage 2, though, was like a floodgate that suddenly opens.
they seem to reduce the amount of bubbles and make the feedings easier for our little one.
i haven't noticed a big difference in performance between the two, but these are easier to clean.
however, the high flow can overflow the capacity of my baby's mouth (&lt; 2mo old) which leads to messiness.other drawbacks are that occasionally the vent holes leak.
there are also many different parts that need to be disassembled for cleaning.i have both the "wide" and "standard" versions and there isn't any difference when it comes to feeding.
however, this may not be a problem once my baby gets bigger.update: after using this for a couple months, i find it is too much of a pain to deal with the multiple different seals and rings.
it makes cleaning and assembling more difficult and there don't seem to be any obvious benefits to it compared to simpler bottles.
but that's a good thing.
most slow flow nipples drown my babies.
the slow flow is great for breast milk.
this is a major reason i love the bottles.two things i dislike about these bottles.
*you cannot mix four scoops of formula and 8 oz of water in the bottle.
there's no room to shake it all up.
dr brown's have more room in the bottles to accommodate all the water and powder.
*these bottles are crooked not straight, so they are difficult to prop.
with twins, i had to prop bottles sometimes.mom of 7, rn
got the newborn set....and now that the grand baby is a little older...my daughter is using these and absolutely loves them....no gas attacks from the wee one.
easy for mom to hold....and well...the baby drips his formula down to the last drop.
these are the only bottles we have ever used.
i would say they are very durable; for the new baby we were still able to use my daughter's bottles, they held up for the entire year she was drinking bottles and continue to hold up now.
it definitely takes awhile for them to drink with the slow-flow but at just 1 month old we were able to switch to the fast flow kind and from then on it's no problem.
i am currently expecting my first baby so i ordered these to be prepared, however i haven't used them yet.
i did open the box up and they are really easy to put together and when filled with water they didn't leak at all.
they appear to be very easy to clean without a lot of nooks and crannies for milk to hide in that you have to scrub out.
i don't have a baby but i gave the bottles to a friend to use and give me feedback.
she indicated the baby burped less and noticed there was no spit-up as there was using her other bottles.
she also liked the form of the bottle because it seemed easier for the baby to hold.i noticed others said the air vents leaked and were messy.
i asked her if she had any issues in this regard and she said she didn't.playtex has always made a good product and it seems the bottles are certainly in that category.
what grabbed me on these was the claim that baby can comfortably control the milk flow due to the special venting system, as well as less gas for baby.
baby definitely seems to do better with these bottles, less dribbling of milk out of her mouth around the nipple, very little choking episodes (again, this is related to her prematurity), and seems much more content after her feeds so clearly less gas.the bottles are easy to hold, lightweight, and easy to clean.
i mostly handwash, and others have pointed out it's a pain given all the parts to the bottle, but i don't find it troublesome at all.
actually, since both the top and bottle come off, the bottle part itself is just basically a tube that is very easy to clean (no special bottle brush needed).
i have also encountered a problem on occasion where there seems to be a vacuum created and milk would no flow throw the nipple.
imagine my surprise at noticing that baby was sucking away for at least 5 minutes before i realized what was going on there- but just a quick readjustment of the parts and suddenly the flow of the milk was working again.i'd recommend these, especially if you are looking for a bottle that helps baby control the milk flow.edit 12/16/11: now that my daughter is 6 months, and i have a few months more experience with these bottles, i have to increase from 4 star review to a 5 star review.
cleaning is a breeze (i mostly handwash, but on occasion i throw them in the dishwasher, either way gets them very clean).
also, we have gone up to the moderate flow nipple and we have not encountered the vacuum problem where she was unable to get any milk through.
in hindsight, this may not have been the bottle but rather my daughter given she was a preemie and at the time of the original review still had some feeding difficulties.
she also has reflux, and these bottles have really helped with decreasing the amount of air she swallows.i am very happy with these bottles and highly recommend them to the pricier brands out there that make the same claims.
breast feeding is wonderful but trying to supplement with bottle when you are away can be a challenge to finicky babies.
i messed up.
needed some more bottles, so i ordered these, not realizing that playtex ventaire comes in both standard and wide formats.
in comparison - i used these once then gave them away to charity.
on their own, they share many of the beneficial features of the other ventaire bottles, but there's that one drawback.pros:- vented system keeps too much air from entering the bottle, and gives me an auditory cue when he's done feeding at night- they're robust, don't leak at all, even after using the dishwasher on them.- come in pleasant colors, not too bright- easy to clean and no messing with bags, inserts, or drop ins that always seem to leakcons:- they're skinny.
very, very skinny.
more importantly...- they're rather tough to clean compared to the wide bottles!
would make it easier than taking it away to check how much is left.
a complete waste of money, maybe my daughter will use them to play with her dolls years down the road.
we had to hold it under running water which takes forever.
it took my daughter forever to drink the bottle from the nipples.
if you are concerned about gas use dr. brown's bottles, they have more parts but easy to put together.
she had been exclusively breastfed up until that point, but i had started pumping in preparation for going back to work, so we wanted to try her on a bottle.
she immediately went for it with no problems!
now, she never had any latching problems anyway, but i was concerned she'd be confused by the bottle.
she's still not had many bottles, but had no problem switching back to breast after.
we also have avent bottles that we have yet to try, but i think the wide ventaire will be what we send with her sitter and leave with dad when i'm not around to feed her.
the standard size i think would be great for non-breastfed babies, but i still do prefer the wide.she was more gassy than normal after her feeding, but from what i hear a bottle will always make them more gassy than the boob - so i guess this bottle is better than others (can't compare there).
the only real bad thing i can say is that there are a lot of little parts with the screw-on bottom and vent piece (they do give you one extra vent in the pack in case you lose one).
that's a necessary evil of the vent setup though, i guess.
i do like that they open up at both ends - makes cleaning pretty easy.
i babysit a friend's 5 month old boy a few days a week.
he still spits up quite a bit for his age so i thought i'd try these bottles with him.
his mom just uses regular, straight bottles.the first time i used this bottle with him there didn't seem to be as many air bubbles in the bottle as there usually are.
when i burp him he usually spits up at least a little bit but the first time, he didn't spit up at all.
i thought for sure it must be just a fluke.
i've now been using these bottles with him for the week and have only had 2 spit ups!
i'm thrilled with it and so is his mom!
we decided to skip the 6 ounce bottles and use the 9 ounce for all stages.
we did however need to replace the fast flow nipples that come with the bottles with some slow flow ones.it was just better to get the bigger size since babies outgrow the smaller size so quickly.
it allowed us to future proof our bottle needs.
pro-these were great for our reflux, upset belly twins.con- there are a few pieces to clean : including the nipple 5 things per bottle so if you don't like to wash then these might not be for you (i should mention i only hand wash our bottles so that is a factor but still worth using them!)
after over a month of usage they started leaking.
i checked reviews before purchase and noticed some people stated that they will not leak if assembled correctly.
the parts get "used up" or something and they leak like crazy.
3 stars because they worked for some time...
my daughter couldn't get anything out of this bottle and it frustrated her.
i thought at first it was bc we were trying to introduce her to the bottle (she used one when first born until i got my mastitis under control but we didn't keep up with it) at first she used avent, i liked those bottles but she refused them later on.
she tried so hard with this bottle where she wouldn't give advent a chance.
same as many others i read on here, half hour she got half an ounce.
we got dr browns and instant success!
there's something that doesn't set well with me when you aren't supposed to steam sterilize this bottle.
it's junk, and i'm glad to see it wasn't just my daughter struggling to drink from this bottle.
i am only trying to get her on a bottle bc i have to get my wisdom teeth pulled and won't be able to nurse her for 24hrs.
it'll also be handy to be able to pump and bottle feed her when we move in a couple weeks.
go with dr browns if you are transitioning your baby to a bottle, you won't be sorry!
recomment them for anybody looking for a set of bottles.
there isn't enough room for me to describe why i love these better than any other brand!
i have read the reviews on multiple bottles and have been buying bottles for over 20 years.
these recommendations i find are very personally fit.
it's hard to determine sometimes!
if you're one of those new mommy's doing the same thing, you'll notice when researching bottles that everyone loves or hates almost every kind of bottle!i bought a sample of all different 4-6 oz.
bottle.
my baby preferred the nipple of this bottle and also had less gas and spit-ups after feedings from it.
the smaller nipple is easier for her to latch onto and the flow of the nipple is perfect so she isn't dribbling all over.
even other small nipples on other bottle brands seemed to have a faster flow that would cause her to dribble.the bottles and parts fit inside my advent microwave steam sterilizer, too.
the only thing that's not convenient about this bottle is it has several parts/pieces to it, so you have to take the whole thing apart and make sure to wash/sterilize/dry everything before putting it back together for the next feeding.
but that just comes with the territory...nothing you can do about that.
playtex also sells a ventaire bottle that has a wide nipple but my baby didn't take well to wide nipples--i think those may work better for breastfed babies to help alleviate nipple confusion.the only thing i'm not looking forward to is having to eventually move up to the 9 oz.
bottle simply because those don't fit in my bottle sterilizer.but this product was the winner in our home!
we have tried a lot of different kinds of bottles and these weren't really anything spectacular.
our (older) baby was weirded out by the curved shape and not quite sure how to get comfortable holding it, but obviously that wouldn't be a problem if you started out with them necessarily.
i didn't see any difference as far as "gas" with these; i'm inclined to believe that marketing makes excessive claims about these things, especially on baby products.
after trying the medela, avent, then dr. brown's bottles, i found that these worked the best for my son and me.
the medela and avent had no venting system, causing the nipple to collapse and the baby getting frustrated.
the dr. brown's bottles had too many small parts that were a pia to keep clean.the thing is, each baby is different and will prefer different bottles - even the vehemently negative reviewers for this product should understand that.
i recommend you give them a try.
we had trouble the first few days we tried using these, but then i figured out that after each cleaning (and before the first use) you have to stretch out the rubber vent at the bottom.
they only leaked once - and that was when we didn't screw on the bottom completely.
and since we've been using them, our daughter has less gas, she spits up less, and we don't even use a bib when we feed her now.
we've had no problems with the stage 1 nipple, and since we started using these we've tried a few other bottles - avent, gerber - but none compare to this.
i thought baby bottles were pretty basic, but the improvements playtex has made do seem to make a difference.
when sarah, my daughter, recently gave birth, she received an earful of advice from well-meaning friends and relatives who were also new moms.
at this point in time, mom and baby seem to prefer wider ones.
that preference will probably change as baby gets older and wants to hold a slimmer bottle having a faster flow of milk.of course, that wasn't the only advice that went along with ventaire bottles.
sarah was warned they might leak if improperly tightened (don't overdo the bottoms), or if the pieces were wet while assembling (particularly the vent area).
she has never put them in the dishwasher (more motherly advice) even though playtex information says pieces are top-rack dishwasher safe.
as a result, the bottles work well and baby rarely has spit-up, burping or gas problems.
mom and baby are happy.
i have been very happy with those bottles, but sometimes i hate dealing with the inserts.
these are the narrow nipple unlike the drop-ins, so the nipples are not interchangeable.
i do like these because the top will screw directly onto a ready-to-feed bottle (i use similac) and i don't have to use one-time use nipples.i was really hoping the bottle would be easier for my son to hold on to since it is angled, but i think he just likes me holding it, so he has yet to hold the bottle himself.
i do find it much easier for me to hold when he is laying down because i can move around and it fits perfectly under my chin or it sits at he correct angle without me having to hold it at all unlike a straight bottle that falls over easily.the bottle unscrews at both the top and the bottom.
they wash up quickly.
the bottles do not fit into my avent microwave sterilizer.
they are just a little too tall for it.my one complaint is that the bottles come with fast-flow nipples.
fast is just too fast for him.
i suggest picking up some medium-flow nipples if your little one has been using slow-flow since fast-flow can be a big jump.
if i had to choose between this one and the wide bottle, i would pick the wide.
my son's mouth fits better over the larger nipple.
i'm certainly not a mother - but gave these to a new mom who gave them rave reviews.
she is able to latch onto them better than others and they seem to help with gas.
sometimes water drips out, but i think it's from not sealing the ring properly in the bottom when we assemble them.
it's not a big deal.
as a side note, i was hoping to receive a pack of mixed colors as described, but both packs were all blue.
as i have a baby girl, i was hoping for some pink, yellow or white.
but, the important thing is that she have the right type of bottles.
we tried this on my  granddaughter who was having a hard time feeding with other bottles.
with others, we either couldn't get the flow to give her enough food or we had those that fed her too much, too fast and she would choke.
with these ventaire bottles, my granddaughter seemed to be a bit irritated and eventually rejected it.
my daughter in law couldn't figure out why the baby was not receiving the bottle and thought maybe it was the formula.
that is, until she tried to suck through the nipple herself.
her suction is more powerful than the babies, so we were convinced these were just not the bottles for my grand child.
i say save your money on this one.
title says it all!
these are much easier to clean.
i like the bent neck but since i didn't use any other bottles i have nothing to compare it to.
after trying everything from avent to gerber these are the ones he uses best.
in the beginning the nipples are closed so nothing comes out i found.
all i did was stick something through the hole so liquid will come out.
you can stick it through too far or it will leak, but you can do it just enough that it wont leak and the baby gets milk.my baby still spits up, but not as bad.
and we dont have the problem with collapsed nipples like we did with the gerber new traditions and gerber comfort hold...
he was suckign really hard and nothing was coming out, even after trying to "open" the nipple hole..
they do not require bags and we easily wash them up by hand (they do have a few peices parts).
they do come in random colors, so my son does drink out of pink bottles sometimes, but he doesn't mind.
it can be hard to find the slim version in stores, so these are a good find.
i love the playtex brand, and the ventaire bottles are really very good.
the only thing is sometimes they do leak, but i make sure that the bottle parts are completely dry before i assemble and mix formula.
these save you so much money compared to the drop in bottles.
they are a definite keeper.
these bottles are really good.
which means less spit ups
we had the smaller (5 ounce) versions and they were our favorite (compared to medela and avent).so naturally we went ahead to try these ones.
you hear the air come out of them like twice per drink (which can be like an hour if you have a little one that gets tired and sleepy every time they eat).we have used them quite a bit, and there is really virtually no difference in gas between these and the other 2.
i purchased these bottles to decrease the amount of air that my daughter was sucking in and these bottles came highly recommended.
the first set i purchased began to leak from the bottom and from around the cap so i thought it was a bad batch and exchanged them for another set.
last night while i was feeding my daughter i am thinking that she is drinking the milk but it was leaking from the side of the cap and down into her neck and onesie on this new set!
i switched bottles and gave her another one.
this morning i shake the bottle over the sink to make sure that the rice and breastmilk are mixed in good before feeding her and the cap which i just checked just popped off and breastmilk went flying all over the sink.
6 ounces of milk just gone!
these bottles leak from the bottom and after many uses the ring around the cap warps so it doesn't screw on and stay flush with the bottle itself.
i am done at this point and these bottles are going back to bru and i am going to do what i should have done in the beginning and just go with dr. brown's bottles.
i would never recommend these crappy bottles to anyone!
these bottles are exceptional and do everything they claim they do.
they are easy to clean, and i love the fact they have covers to keep the nipples free of dirt/dust, etc.
overall, a great set of three starter bottles for twelve dollars.
after buying ten packs(on top of the ones that came with the bottles) of the nipples for these bottles, we gave up and used our advent bottles that we didn't want to use.
for some reason, no matter which store purchased at, every nipple (stage 1 and stage 2) seemed to not be opened to allow milk to come out.
our daughter has some serious suction, so i thought that the stage 1 was already outgrown and tried the 2.
these bottles and nipples have been just a waste of money for us.
i am sure that i can use a straight pin and open them more, but "you're not supposed to"...
these are wonderful
i tried these bottles before dr. brown's to try to cut down on the amount of air my son was taking in.
they did seem to help a lot with his gas, and are much easier to clean than dr. brown's.
the only issue i had was with the nipples collapsing during the feeding.
i don't know why, but the nipples just seem flimsier than dr. brown's and my son often had to stop eating because they would collapse.these are easy to wash, easy to assemble, and the curved design is very convienient.
other than the nipples, they were fine.
the bottles did not cause the dreaded "nipple confusion" when transitioning between the bottle at daycare and breastfeeding when baby is with mom.2.
although it does have a lot of pieces, the fact that the bottle disassembles completely makes it easy to thoroughly clean and disinfect its various parts.the bottles have presented one challenge:1.
replacement parts - like extra slow flow nipples - can be hard to find.
nipples wear out, and wanting extras to have on hand, i ended up buying extra bottles instead because it was nearly impossible to find the slow flow variety (and it was cheaper to buy extra bottles from amazon than to pay the exorbitant shipping from the two sources who sold the nipples separately).update (3/2012): as my daughter has reached her first birthday, playtex ventaire has been my favorite bottle for transitioning between breastfeeding and bottle feeding.
we have also used playtex drop-ins.
this is how the two compare:1.
the ventaire slow flow nipples are much slower than the drop-in slow flow nipples, which is preferable for a baby that is accustomed to breastfeeding (more control over the milk flow, and thus less gagging and spitting up).2.
once a baby learns how to hold the bottle themselves, we have discovered that the ventaire bottle can be flung wildly around and does not leak.
however, the drop-ins bottle leaks everywhere when it is turned upside-down (and baby will turn it upside-down).
our daughter can feed herself from both the ventaire and drop-in bottles, but it is a bit easier for her to handle the ventaire.
she can feed herself one-handed while sleep-eating with the ventaire by grasping the recessed bottle bottom and holding it straight up in the air.
the drop-in bottle requires her to use two hands due to the fact it is wider.
this was the only bottle/nipple he would take.
he is also a breastfed baby.as far as people complaining about all the parts, it takes two seconds to clean them.
i am not really sure what people are complaining about.
i put mine a dishwasher compartment for small items that i bought at a store.
before i had a dishwasher, i hand washed them and it was no big deal!and  i have never had a leak from these bottles!question?
does anyone know if these bottles (i guess you'd callit the old model)are compatible with the new "natural shape" nipple, i can't find the old style in my local store?
we were a die hard avent family becasue of our daughter tummy troubles.
but they just didn't seem to be working for her.
they were great in reducing air intake, but she just seemed to leak an awful lot with them.
she would be covered by the time she was done and that was with the number 1 nipples.
so i started to research and try other bottles.we hated the liner in the nursers, she hated dr. brown's, and the paln jane bottles allowed her to take in too much air.
so we were stuck on avent until last week.
my cousin had a little girl and we traded a bottle to try the other guys out.well, we steralized what we had and traded!
i guess it just depends on teh child.
they are also more afforable than the avent.anotehr plus is that she is 3 months now and very much wants to hold her own bottle and with these, she is almost there.
she can wrap her hands around them and pull her feet up for extra support and just about hond them herself.
this feat makes her very happy and the lack of leaks and tummy aches make us very happy.
love these bottles, and they seem to have been dc'ed, so we were thrilled to find them available on amazon!
my daughter (5 months old) has been exclusively breastfed since she was born because we've been unable to find a bottle that she likes-we tried dr. brown, evenflo, gerber nuk, pretty much every kind we could find, and still no luck.
i thought we'd give these a try since we've tried everything else-because the nipples are thin and long, she doesn't really like them.
when she did take it (after a lot of wrestling)i noticed they have the air reducer (attached to the bottom) that keeps her from getting gassy and helps keep the liquid in the bottle flowing smoothly without bubbling.
they come apart easily (into 4 pieces: nipple, bottle, bottom air vent, bottom ring to hold the air vent on) and are a lot easier to clean than some of the other types of bottles we've had that have a lot of smaller pieces.
this set comes with 3 bottles and 3 fast flow nipples, so i wouldn't recommend using them for newborn because the milk comes out very quickly and would be difficult for them to keep up.
overall, i wouldn't recommend them for a picky breastfed baby because the nipple isn't close enough to the "real thing", but for a non-picky baby, they'd be great!
here's my baby bottle round-up, my favorite is the playtex ventaire.playtex ventaire: these are excellent because they let the extra air out (like dr. brown's) to make it easier for your baby to continuously drink but mostly because they are really easy to clean since you can unscrew the bottom.
i feel a lot better about them getting really clean and they are easy to throw in the dishwasher.
the only downside with them is that they take a little longer to heat in the bottle warmer and sometimes the hot water from the warmer gets stuck in the bottom and can drink down the sides and get on your baby if you don't wipe it down before you give it to them.
they don't fit with medela pumping stuff and all of my nipples are the same flow, which is fine for my baby from 6 months up.
brown's: also pretty good but they have overall too many parts (bottle, nipple, screw on lid, straw thing and other little venting part.)
i have somehow managed to lose a bunch of the random parts so now i only have 3 complete sets.
they are also kind of a pain to clean, the long straw thing is hard to get clean.
they work pretty well overall but a little inconvenient.
they work well with my medela pumping stuff but that's about it.
they also only have 3 parts, which is nice, but they don't have anyway to release the air so i have to stop my baby from drinking every once in a while to release the backed up air.lansinoh momma: these bottles are a little gimmicky.
i'm not really sure why they are good for breastfeedng babies, i think it's just a big gimmick.
the flow is way too fast for a baby under 6 months and for some reason my little girl decided at some point she just didn't like them at all.
they also don't work with pumping stuff and they have a weird shape, which makes it hard to fit them in the bottle warmer.
i would pass on these.
the way these bottles are shaped the babies don't seem to get gas and they won't leak.
the nipple ring is tight and the nipple is stiff, the bottle design prevents nipple collapse and makes airflow work in the perfect combo so that he never got a gassy tummy again.
spend the money, buy the good stuff.
my choice for standard nipples is playtex ventaire nipples too.
since we began using those nipples no leaks.
the only problem is they are hard to find.
these bottles are hard to find too, amazon actually has the best prices so go ahead and buy here you've nothing to loose with free two day shipping ( www.amazon.com/mom) the nipples if you don't want to order online can be found at target.
wouldnt recommend to friends.
i feel they are hard to use and too many extra pieces to put together and wash.
my baby went from nursing to bottles and back to nursing.
when i.pumped i got two sets of these.
they keep air out of tummy like thwy say.
worked
don't read negative or positive reviews.
just try this bottle.
just get 1 bottle at the store and see if it works for you.
thats it.it's different for different babies...we tried dr. browns, playtex wide nipple nurser and then ventair.
the stage 1 nipple was too slow and my baby would suck for 30 min and only get half an once out of 6 oz!
my baby chokes often when she drinks from dr browns.. she never choked drinking from the ventair.
it took a little bit to get used to the shape, it didn't work as well for my son when he held the bottle himself, but when i hold it, the angle makes it easier to prop up when you need that hand to quick scratch an itch or mop a dribble.
if you don't have a dishwasher, it is so very hard to get a bottle clean - especially if you rinsed it & tossed it in your diaper bag during a day away from home.
these made cleaning so much easier since the top and bottom come off.
surprisingly, they did not leak!
they also do really reduce the amount of air a baby takes in while feeding.
if you are anything like me, you've been searching for the perfect bottle.
the one that's easy to hold and drink from.
the one that comes at a good, really good, price.
well, here you are!
i used dr. browns, avent, etc.
i bought into the fact that the more expensive bottle systems were the only way to go.
boy was i wrong.
if you're a new mom, or even just a frustrated mom, buy these bottles!!p.s.
as another reviewer suggested:  make sure you seal the bottom ring to the bottom cap when the parts are wet to ensure a good seal.
i've done this for 3 months now and not a single, itty bitty leak!!!
i only gave it 4 stars because the nipples it came with were no good and had to be replaced, but other than that i am satisfied.
i bought these bottles because it looked like they would lessen my daughter's air intake during feeding, and they did!
i couldn't even get formula to come through the stage one nipples, let alone my two week old!
the holes are not even there!i do agree with most people that the ventair bottles are worth the money, because they do improve your feedings with your child, but i do suggest that you purchase different nipples with these bottles.
nipples are easy to interchange and we could not have been happier.
we ended up using all of them so we didn't have to wash them as often, but i have to say the playtex bottles were the best as they help prevent gas and colic.
we plan on using these more than any of the other types with the next baby as they make things a lot easier.
although the shape of the bottle has that slight tilt to it, i don't think it really makes it any more difficult to dry on one of those special racks.
the only down side is there was occasionally a couple drips of milk coming out of the bottom of the bottle (not sure if i did something wrong to allow or if something can be done to prevent that).comparing playtex bottles to the others we tried, i have to say the playtex bottles are one of the few bottles out there that are trying to prevent colic and gas.
the only other brand i can think of that does this is dr. brown.
we didn't experience any drips with medela, but they are plain bottles and do nothing to address the colic/gas issue.
so i would definitely recommend the playtex bottles and they make a great gift for expecting parents.
i'll start by saying that liner-based bottles are a thing of the past.
i'm not sure why anyone would still consider them.
so, thats a positive for this product already.this set works as well as the other mainstream brands.
and by leaking, i mean the leaking caused by milk being in the grooves of the lid when you screw the lid on.
that gap is the killer from which many a mess has been made.grade; 4stars
we bought these after finding the dr. brown bottles we started with didn't seem to eliminate air intake and subsequent gas/spitting up.
or at least the hassle of cleaning the bottles didn't seem to be worth whatever minor improvements we were seeing in gas reduction.
they worked as advertised when we were using the slow flow nipples.
the vacuum created by our daughter sucking milk out of the nipple was regulated through the gasket in the bottom of the bottle in lieu of drawing air through the nipple when she took a breather and creating air bubbles in the milk.
super!
she seemed to spit up less and burp more easily.but when we switched to the medium flow nipples, the gasket didn't seem to be able to keep up and air was being pulled in through the nipple, creating air bubbles in the milk and we believe it contributed to the return of her spitting up more.
of course it could also be that it was her growing and changing how she sucked/drank that made the differences, and not the bottles, so it's hard to know for sure.one intermittent problem is leaking.
sometimes even though the cap is screwed on tight, once our daughter starts to drink, milk will flow out from under the ring, down our hands an onto her chest.
it always seems to happen when she's ravenous and she gets really irritated when we have to pull the bottle from her, wipe it off and readjust the ring.
also, milk can leak from the bottom, so don't place it on any surface that needs a coaster, unless it's on, well, a coaster.
that's why i am only giving them three stars.
our daughter is now seven and a half months and is using the fast flow without excessive gas issues or other air related problems.what i do know is that these bottles were infinitely easier to clean since i just put all the parts in the dishwasher without worrying about using a special brush to clean them.
one tip:  buy enough bottles so that you don't have to wash any of them by hand.
just run the dishwasher each night and save yourself precious time.
given how expensive the dr. brown bottles were, that wasn't something i could do when using them.
these bottles were recommended by a friend.
my 2 month old daughter went from drinking 3-4 oz per feeding to about 5 ounces and after adding the water and formula there isnt any room left to shake the bottle to mix the formula nicely.
that is very important to us in this house with all our plastic products.
not to small, but not a waste of space and to large.
no leaks at all!
we  have been using the drop in liner system and it was a nightmare, dealing with never knowing how much milk was there, liners pulling free from the bottle and leaking every where etc.
these bottles are a bit improvement on that.
it can get a bit tedious washing a bottle with 6 parts ( bottle, nipple, nipple ring, bottom ring, silicone vent, cap) but overall i would say its worth it.
these nipple bases are really narrow.
if you are looking for nipples that are likely better for breastfed babies, i would go with the wider nipples.
because of the difference, obviously the tops are not interchangeable, but the bases between the wider bottles and these thinner bottles are interchangeable.
i have switched to ventaire bottles over the drop-ins, tommy tippee and avent bottles because i like these the best.
i bought nuk, and she didn't seem to like them.
i then bought adiri bottles and they were great...until about the 6th wash when they started to smell and go weird.
this is when my gf said "i really love playtex ventaires...maybe you should try them"  these bottles are among the cheaper on the market so getting a single bottle (about $5) was no big deal.my daughter loved them.
we've never had gas or stomach issues, they're reliable bottles that don't leak and despite the "washer" piece they really aren't a pain to clean.
although i agree with the fact that cheaper bottles do the trick, my children prefered these from all other i tried.
a lot have to do with the nipple.
any way, what ever are your intentions, that's your child that's going to choose his bottle !!
they don't leak, they don't require multiple parts to work which makes it easy for someone else to fix a bottle (or just a hurried, tired mom).
they are a good value as well.
i recommend them.
these bottles really work for my 5 week old son.
they have worked since we started using them when he was a week old.
i guess because the air escapse through the bottom instead of in the baby's belly, we have found that he has minimal gas and needs less burping.
it has not, however, decreased the spitting up.
my husband and i have tried at least 6 other brands of bottles and these and the playtex drop-in's have been most sucessful for us.
also, the nipples on these bottles are smaller.
the new trend is to have large round nipples more like the breast which might be better for babies going back and forth between bottle and breast but for babies that have only been bottle fed, sometime the smaller nipple is easier for them when they are very young or very congested.
i have a son that has tummy issues, including a whole lot of gas.
we've had a lot of success with the dr. brown's bottles, but they're expensive, so we wanted to give these a try.one of the selling features is "no bubbles," meaning the baby isn't inhaling air as he eats.
the curved design is supposed to prevent them.
well, my son's bottle was filled with bubbles as he ate!
i watched them begin in the nipple and travel into the bottle, so with that first feeding i was pretty nervous as to how his stomach would be after eating.
he had no problems.after using the bottles for a week, bubbles and all, his gas problems have not gotten worse, though i wouldn't say he's necessarily improved either.
i was really impressed!
definitely a cheaper alternative to the dr.brown's bottles.my one "complaint" is that there's a lot of pieces in these bottles which makes it a bit annoying to clean, but it's not so bad.
not only did he get  less gas, i hand wash and these bottles are easy to clean.
yes it requires taking them apart and putting them back together again, but i know every speck of the bottle gets very clean.
i have never had a single leak.
i recommend these and will use these next time as well.
these bottles seem very well made.
and i really like the size, design and concept of these bottles.
these bottles are very durable and have lasted a long time.
i just thought that it was a great.
they do have a lot less bubbles than other bottles, but we were out at a store & i decided to use these bottles for the first time.
my daughter was so fussy while she was trying to eat that i nor my husband could figure out why.
she was never like that before.
so we kept trying to feed her & she would suck for a while then start fussing again.
finally i noticed that after about 15 minutes she hadn't drank any of it.
so i started to examine the nipple...no hole.
i was so upset.
it figured that the 2 bottles i brought to the store in the diaper bag were both the ventair.
i felt so bad for my girl.
we ended up having to leave just to go home & get a different brand bottle.
i looked at the 3 ventair nipples i had at home & none of them had a hole.
if they did, it was so small that nothing came out even when i held the bottle upside down & squeezed the nipple.
i even used a needle to try to make a hole & my daughter still doesn't seem to get much milk from it.
i hope that the bigger bottles are better with a faster flow nipple.
for now i am giving up on the small ventair bottles.
i like how they fit perfectly in my nephews mouth and the crook of my arm as he is feeding.
the only drawback i experienced is that with so many parts to clean (it breaks down to five parts), clean up can be cumbersome.
i'm actually not a fan of these bottles, but for me, the problem lies moreso with the nipple.
my son spent half his energy trying to suck the formula out of them.
even after going up a size, it didn't seem to make a difference.
i gave up after a few feedings.
also, when he did manage to actually eat, he would still get fussy and gassy- an issue these bottles claim to reduce.
of course i had bottles given to me and bottles that were purchased for me for my baby shower, and nome of them worked well.
after my daughter was in the nicu she had trouble with nipple flow, these were the only bottles that worked well for her.
we've never had problems with gas or major spit-up because of them.
my only complaint is really just a user error.
there are times when if you don't get the bottom on tight with the plastic ring that goes in it to release air, it will leak out.
even with those inconveniences, i still would use these bottles over any other.
i've purchased 3-4 sets now.
we have to have the standard nipples like the ones shown.
but i can easily see myself using it long after i am done nursing.
i expected the material to be thicker where you put your feet into it, but it does keep my feet warm when they are in there, and it makes sitting in my rocking chair more comfortable.
it is also compact and easy to store under the rocker so it doesnt get in the way when not in use.
i thought this would keep my feet warm while nursing but when it arrived it felt cheap and it moved too much to be useful.
perhaps it works if you don't have a wood floor.
great small, lightweight nursing stool....soft on your feet providing the support you need while nursing or just sitting comfortably.
i would give it 5 stars but as others mentioned the fact that it picks up every hair and pc of lint is a minor annoyance.
i vacuum mine often or roll with a lint brush since i have pets.
this stool is a great alternative to the wooden stool.
my heels feels nice and supported on this cushy surface.
the cover is easy to wash, and you don't have to worry about your toddler knocking their head (or any other body part) into it.
you will be able to use it beyond your nursing time, and the foot slots are big enough for any size foot.
the major complaint i have with it is that because the whole thing is made out of foam, it compresses over time and loses its shape.
i also do not love that it is fuzzy on the bottom too, and thus collects every hair and piece of lint on the floor, all of which becomes inextricably entangled in the sheepskin-like fabric.
for the price, this definitely serves its purpose.
so we needed something like this for the late nights rocking the wee one to sleep.it does what it is supposed too and the foot pocket is warm.
that said it is a bit pricey for what it is.
this is the perfect little stool to accompany any rocker or glider.
it is light weight and you can throw it in the closet when you aren't using it.
a great price compared to all the expensive matching ottomans out there as well.
feet are not fully covered in this stool and the cover is not that thick.
works alright for a stool, but would prefer a wood stool.
good price in comparison though.
this solves that problem!
i should have gotten this months ago!
after having given up on finding a good footstool for my nursery, i saw this on a friend's baby registry and for the price, had to try it.
it's sturdy enough that i also sat on it sometimes on the floor.
now that baby is 11 months old, i still use it when holding her in the rocking chair.
so i can't comment on how well they wash!
i keep thinking he's just too small and is getting lost in it, but even as he grows i am still trying to make him more comfortable by adding a blanket to position him better.
i really want to use this sling, but i feel like he's either too deeply inside the sling and he will suffocate or by adding a blanket underneath him, he's too close to the edge and will tumble out.
the edge draws strings to tighten him in just do not do the trick.
i'll keep trying because this product seems like a great idea and it was not cheap, but perhaps it's just a little too much work for a newer baby.if this company or any other consumer, has any ideas on how to improve my situation with this sling,i would love to hear from them.
you can't let go of your baby this way, but it works great when your baby has already fallen asleep and you need something to support their weight.if you are carrying your child on your hip, you could slip it under their heiny to support their weight.it's a quick fix for tired arms but, it doesn't free you up completely.
i followed directions and thought i had it right, mabye they should send out someone to show me how it works.
wish i had saved my receipt!
my son was 7 lbs 1 oz when he was born and 20 inches long...
he wasnt the tiniest baby...
i tried putting him in the sling and it just looks like he's falling and being enveloped by this huge orange thing...
it's the worst product ever, i am definitely not using it and will probably donate it to goodwill...
i do not own this item but i tried it out in the store and it hurt my shoulder!!!
the shoulder strap is too narrow, it digs in, and i only had it on for a couple seconds.
i was very excited to get this sling.
the outside zipper pockets are great for keys, cell, wallet, etc., and the style is great (it looks more like a messenger bag until you're close up) & i've recieved lots of complements.
old dd is very comfortable sitting in it.that said, i would not buy it again.
my daughter hated it as a newborn & would immediately scream if i put her in.
the drawcord needs to be knotted to avoid danger of strangulation (very unsafe, not to mention inconvenient for adjusting).
the sling is uncomfortably narrow at the shoulder & doesn't distribute weight well.
i have three baby carriers.
it seems eccessive but i never found one that really was doing it for me.
i started with gracco carrier and it turned out to be a nightmare everytime i had to put the baby inside.
my son was crying while i was snapping all the 1001 snaps it has there but after that he was stopping crying even though he wasn't looking too confortable.when he got older (5 mounths) we bought a backpack carrier.
this is a really really a nice buy.
the problem with it is that i wouldn't put a baby younger than 5 mounths inside.so when my other son was born we tried this new carrier.
i think that's the best for newborns because they don't have to support any body part.
more over, when the baby sleeps, he is in a nice position and they seem to like it (even though i though his head was in a weird angle ?!?!)
as soon as the baby gets heavier (8 or 9 lbs) it's getting a bit uncomfortable mostly if you have i large breast as i do.
it slips from its place so the head of the child doesn't stand on your shoulder anymore but on your lower chest (so when you have a large breast the baby's head is really really in a weird angle !).
i think that it doesn't worth the price for the time you use it.
plus, it is durable and the bristles are just right for a 2 year old's head.
these items are awesome.
brush is not bad.
will be returning the set.
this would make a cute gift!
stainless steel is a great alternative to plastic cups for babies and children!
;)
my 7 month old doesn't like the spouts, she just chews on them... maybe this will change as she gets older.
i love the fact that you can buy replacement nipples for the different stages instead of buying new bottles.
wish they would sell in stores but i guess the stores would lose money.
i tried a million different sippy cups, but my daughter just didn't take to the straw valve ones that were too difficult to suck from, or the freeflow bornfree that gave her more than she could handle.
either way, i love that i extended the life of my avent bottles (which i never used becuase they always seemed to leak) and no new bottles to get in the way.
good value.
i wish i would have known that the only difference between these spouts and the ones for younger children is the color and the fact that these are made of hard plastic and the others are soft.
otherwise, no difference.
i do like the avent spouts in general as they are about as leak proof as a sippy cup spout can be.
as i have stated with the trainer set, they are okay if your child takes to them, just don't buy more than one set if you are not sure your child will take it.
i would recommend buying one set from target ( or some grocery stores cary avent) and trying first.
they advertise it, or it shows if you search for soft spout and they are hard.
i think also it does not help that they are green so he paid even more attention that they looked different.
let me start by saying i think it's wonderful of avent to offer their consumer the option to modify what they already own!
he was exclusively breastfed & only used 1 bottle, that 1 time.
when his doctor suggested starting him on sippy cups with a little bit of water (6months), i really didn't want to run out & buy something else that would take up more space in our cabinets.
i would go so far as to say he cannot drink from it.
he can drink out of the super soft spout much easier.
i do wish this product would have worked for him because when i screw on the nuby lid, the spout does not align with the handles.
to sum it up, i am giving it 4 stars even though it didn't work for our family, because (1) i love that avent offers a modification for consumers, (2) the handles rock & the spout & handles align super easily, & (3) my baby is exclusively breastfed & has very little experience with bottles (1 bottle, 1 time) - i believe a baby who knows how to drink from a bottle would have a much easier time with this product.
it's a terrible design because the rubber on the back side covers the air vent and the spout so the air gets sucked into babies mouth instead of back in the cup.
boo!
i was really excited to still use my avent bottles to transition to cups, but this prodect doesn't cut it, i ended up buying other sippy cups.
my toddler chewed through some of the white soft spouts, so i needed to find replacement spouts so i can use them to train my young baby to use the cup.
the green "12 month" spouts are hard....they still gets scratched up from teeth and we often have to tell our oldest not to chew on the spout, but so far they are the best we've found.
they really don't leak, and the spout has lasted longer than others.
so -plan to replace soft spouts way more often, but the green ones hold up great for an older child.
in fact, get away from the soft spouts and switch to the hard ones as soon as your child can use the hard spouts, because then you don't need to be so vigilent for tears which are a choking hazard.
this was exactly what i needed to convert some 4 month old sippy cups to those that could be used by my 11 month old.
he's just now accepting it (at 8mths) but when he did it was with the harder spouts and with the flange.
with future kids, i may skip the soft spouts, because he's not fooled that its a bottle, and go straight to the 'hard' spout.
the design of these needs to be more natural or shorter, baby has to open his mouth really big to get this in.
he just looks at it and wants to play with the bottle instead of try to drink from it.
it's too "weird" looking i guess, he pushes it away every time i've tried it.
i also think it's too long for him to put his little mouth over on his own.
this is not a good trainer spout that's for sure, maybe for older kid, it's more like a wide straw then sippy spout.
we put these spout in all our cups.
this is more of what i call a soft spout even though described as hard.
i love the option of using the bottles i already have as sippy cups.
i like avent products.
imagine those bottles can turn into sippy cups.
indeed this spout is totally non spill and very gentle on baby's gums.
i do like these.
so i got these.
i haven't had a leak problem with these yet, and they're soft so they don't hurt ds's mouth if he whacks himself.
these are not nearly as good as the yellow ones.
they leak every time.
i use them with the pura bottles and have used the yellow avent spouts since the beginning but have been unable to find them so i finally just bought these thinking they would be just as good.
they're not.
i was disappointed when a couple of our valves broke.
a couple of the slits broke & the sippy cups were no longer functional.i went to a big box baby products store looking for these.
an employee told me that these were not sold because playtex wants to sell more sippy cups.
she suggested that i had to throw away my cups & buy completely new cups.
instead i came onto amazon & found these.
i was so grateful!
we now have extra valves in case more break.
i had a couple playtex sippy cups that were a few years old, and missing the valves to make them spill-proof.
i'm so glad they sell these separately.
we seem to be great at losing the inserts!
cheaper than having to buy new sippy cups!
playtex cups are the best ones on the market.
everything they make is interchangeable which is very budget friendly.
the valves tend to accidentally go into the garbage disposal or disappear in the dishwasher because they are clear.
these valves make or break the sippy, so glad they were a resonable price.
one of my valves stopped working in my daughter's playtex sippy cup and it was great to find these replacement valves at such a low cost so i didn't have to go out and buy a whole new cup.
i was no able to find these in store so i bought them online.
i love them.
better to replace the valves than the whole cup!
they worked great!
no spills, no leaking, and they didn't break when dropped.
problem is for some reason we were losing the valves as some point in the wash process.
my hubbs was ready to toss the cups without the valves, but i insisted we had to be able to find the valves somewhere.
amazon of course!
i bought some of these for replacements and as back ups.
helps indeed the spills but the valve itself is hard to clean.
make sure to wash straight after usage this way easier to keep clean valve
these are exactly the same as the inserts that come with the platex sippy cups.
i was so glad to find these because we seem to keep losing the inserts and i don't want to have to replace an entire cup due to the lack of an insert.
they work just as good as the original.
i bought the smaller pack and then promptly lost some more inserts so now i'm wishing i bought the larger pack to have some extras.
when i found out i could just buy these valves, i was ecstatic!
i didn't want to have to buy a whole new cup because we already had several, just missing pieces.
i have never experienced any kind of leak or spill with these things.
my son is extremely messy to say the least, but with these, i never have to worry!
i love the brand of sippy cup and i love the valves when they work.
the problem is that these valves do not have a very long life span.
they start to rip and then you have a milk leak!
i just throw them in the dishwasher and call them good.
little longer for shipping but there hard to find in walmart half the time to it's worth it.
arrived quick.
replacement valves save the cups.
when those get lost or broken, we have to throw the cups away.
these are exactly what i expected and fit into our playtex sipee cups.
these are the typical rubber replacement valves.
it's good to have a few extras on hand.
i appreciate that i don't have to replace an entire cup.
the cushioning on the kneeler is awesome and i also really like the elbow rest.the hanging organizer has two pockets which fit our daughters bathwash and bubble bath.
we use a new washcloth at each bathing so this is really all we need to hold.what i liked most about this product was that it "grows" with your child so they can use it as a stepstool as they get older.
for the price i think its the best choice out there.
mom and dad can use it (we actually bought it for grandma who loves to bathe our daughter but has an ackward time doing it in our tub) and then our daughter can use it to brush her teeth or to stand in the kitchen.the maximum weight on this product is 200 pounds so i think its a good product for adults as well who maybe need a little extra help reaching that top shelf in the kitchen!
in our other (smaller/lower) tub, i only use a towel -- since the step/kneeler would give me too much height and cause me to bend over more and hurt my back.
so ... figure out if you need added height before buying this.
if you don't, go with a pad (or just folded towel).
i really wanted to like this mat and elbow pad set.
i use it, detached from the mat on the bottom because it does save my knees, but i can't use the net because now it is flimsy without the bottom attached and won't hold anything.
so, if you have a deep tub, just get the bottom part, otherwise, it will just be a waste of money.
i registered for this thinking it would be great for bathing baby.
so far baby is really too little to bathe in the big tub (4 mos.)
without it i wouldn't have been able to get in or out of bed, the car, or a chair.as far as the reviews about it being too tall or problems with older bathtubs, my tub is about 85 years old, and i wouldn't begin to be able to reach the floor of the tub without this.
between getting high enough to reach over the side easily and getting a long enough reach to reach the floor of the tub, i have really needed the kneeler when i put baby's tub into the big tub.
key word, 'idea'.pros:- it's a 4-in-1: elbow rest, knee rest, storage pocket for wash/shampoos, and then later can be used as a stepping stool.- cute little ice animal theme, polar bears, penguins, whales, etc.- the elbow rest has suction cups that attach to the tubside.- the little storage pockets that hang on the side are helpful for all those crazy bath toys and products babies come with.cons:- what i did not consider before purchasing this item was the placement of my bathtub's faucet and the toilet.
we have two bathrooms, and both bathtubs, on the side where the faucet is the toilet is directly next to it.
generally, if one were to be giving their child a bath, they would be right by the faucet so that they could control the water flow/temperature.... with toilets directly next to my bathtubs, i can't exactly kneel with 3 inches between the two porcelain objects.
hah.
i sit uncomfortably on the closed toilet instead and lean over the whole time, which sucks.- the stool does not raise up to be any higher than what the picture shows.
it is a very very short stepping stool, and will be useless for quite a while.- the suction cups for the elbow rest pop off almost every time you lean on it, which defeats the purpose.
they were very hard to get to stay put in the first place before anyone ever leaned on it.- also, the top of the elbow rest cracked after maybe the 2nd time we used it.conclusion:i loooved the idea of this product.
still haven't seen a similar product, but i was very disappointed with the quality and exact features of this, and i was frustrated with myself for not considering that i couldn't even use this feature because of my bathroom set-ups.
this will be up for sale at my next garage sale.
but, the first time i used it was to clean the tub after my husband gave the dog a bath.
it's very sturdy and has alot of padding.
i love the arm rest, it came loose a couple of times but a quick cleaning of the side of the tub and suction cups solved that.
i was worried when i read the other reviews of this product, but once i gave it a try i was hooked.
our daughter and dog will never have a bath again without it.
this is so cool i like that it will be used for longer than just a kneeler for baby baths.... for the little one as a todler
the kneeling stool is great.
the padding is sufficient and i love that it flips over to convert to a stool...very useful!
but...the elbow pad is a joke!
not to mention that to two measley suction cups that are suppose to hold it onto the side of the tub do not work at all.
it constantly pops off the tub whenever i put any weight on it.
i suggest that if you still want this product after reading the reviews, you try to find it used so that you don't have to pay retail.
i was not comfortable kneeling on it, and i felt like my weight would break right through the flimsy little styrofoam-like cushion.
if that is what the manufactorer considers cusioning, i'm not impressed.
i might as well kneel on a folded towel.
i was hoping for something that would be soft.
it is made of plastic, and it does not seem at all durable.
the elbow &quot;cushion&quot; is also not very soft.
it is not secure, either.
when i leaned against it to test it, it slid right off.
if i'd been busy bathing my baby, i would have tumbled into the tub with him.
i don't recommend this product.
i was only a few pounds over that so i thought "it will be safe".
err!
wrong answer, i cracked the kneeler portion.
we gave it as a gift but i totally wanted one for myself after seeing it.
i think it would really help your knees & elbows during bath time.
i thought it would be great.
my daughter is 10 months now and i have already bought another monitor.
the video actually works really well and aside for some noisy interference that it picks up sometimes, its a great picture day or night.
the way that it is angled, you need to mount it on the wall above the crib, or have it sitting on a tall piece of funiture that can overlook the crib.
i don't have that, so we only really use it for the sound.
the monitor is very large, though, and so it would have been nice if the hand held auido one worked - so i could take it to another room.
this model has too many problems i wouldn't buy it if i could do it over again.
we love our in sight video monitor!
we use it at every nap and all night long.
you turn off the monitor and just get sound if you want, but rather than geting up or opening our sons door at every peep i just check the monitor.
the best part is watching him play in the middle of the night or when he first wakes up and we're not in the room.
i once went in to get his thumb out of his mouth since i saw him sucking on it clear as day on the monitor but when i went in his room, i couldnt even see his face, thats how clear the image is!as for a movement monitor, its called angle care movement and breathing detector.
if you are considering a monitor... pay extra for a video monitor.the picture is clear and can be adjusted to be lighter or darker for those of us that like a darker room to sleep in.
i simply could not of gotten any sleep as a first time mother had i not been able to see my son peacefully sleeping in his crib every time i opened my eyes at night.we use both the video monitor and the separate hand held monitor all the time and have had no problems that could not be adjusted easily.forget getting up all night long to check on your angel and buy a video monitor instead.
we have this monitor and i could not live without it.
i cant imagine not being able to see my daughter at night if i hear her making noise.
i have noticed that if i move the camera to certain areas of the crib the reception will suffer so you have to get the camera in just the right spot.
this product has worked great for us!
here is an update.
maybe i should have paid more attention to the reviews.
all was fine, but then this weekend dead!
the monitor went out.
*don't waste your money.
you are better off purchasing a system that works with your pc monitor.after reading the reviews on this monitor, i thought purchasing it would be a mistake.
don't pay attention to reviews!
the monitor sits in my office on my desk next to the cordless phone system, my pc, monitor, speakers, and there are no problems.
i have had this product for 5 months and it has not broken down.
now i can let her sleep or stay awake without my presence, and know she is fine!
i bought a different brand of monitor and never could get the picture to work so i exchanged it for this one.
the picture is pretty great i was impressed but i hear a roaring in the sound but it is not extremely bad or anything.
we have not had any problems with the night vision nor the sound.
the pictures is lighter or darker depending on the sorrounding light, so make sure you adjust it accordingly.
we have a second child on the way and will deffinately be using the monitor with him/her.
if it breaks, we will most deffinately buy another one.
once you have it, you become dependent on it... :-)feel free to view my 4 stars as a full 5!i must say i was a bit concerned with getting this monitor after reading previous comments, but i'm glad i did get it!
i would've given it 5 stars, but every now and then i have a problem with static.
all and all i'm glad i got it and would recommend it to anyone!
it's great to watch my baby sleep...it keeps us from having to run and down the steps after every peep.
it allows us monitor his sleeping habits without having to stand over his bed.
we occasionally get some interference and would have to smack the monitor a few times to get our picture back.
the picture is pretty clear, even at night.
we love it and wouldn't use another monitor.
we love kiddopotamus products and this one is no exception.
(in fact i've bought quite a few for friends having babies.)
the head support doesnt fit to my car seat.
my baby head is squeeze and i guess it only fit in the stroller.
i put it in her car seat due to her little head always drooping to one side.
did not have any trouble with the straps fitting through it.
there is no padding in the back of the snuzzler, just the sides which seems to make her feel secure.
i would highly recommend this over any other infant support.
my daughter was small, but this really seemed very cumbersome to use.
didn't really see the need for this-a much better buy that my mother insisted on was the harness pillow for support.
i just love this snuzzler.
without it, she was hunched over - her neck wobbling around.
i didn't feel she was safely in her carseat.
she only weighed 6 pounds so the carseat was too big for her.
i do recommend this product to new parents.
i bought this because it looked so cuddly and snuggly for my baby and because so many people had reviewed it as being helpful for keeping newborn heads where they should be in the carseat.
it is nice and soft and cuddly, and made of much nicer fabric than that ghastly polyester grayco liner, but i did not find it helpful and i did not find that it positioned my baby any better than she was in the carseat on her own.my main concern with this product is not that my baby will fly out of her carseat in a crash as warned by the 1-star reviews, my concern is that this did not prevent her head from flopping forward -- infact, it was difficult for me to position the head pillow in a way that didn't make forward-flopping worse.
this chin-to-chest posture can restrict airflow.
newborns can't necessarily protest or lift their heads to compensate when they're being deprived of oxygen.
i was warned about this at my baby-carrier group (before the sling recall, where some of the babies died for this exact reason) and it was something i worried about when my daughter was young because her head seemed to always fall forward in the carseat, even when it said it was well-positioned.i would not recommend this product to a new parent.
it looks really cozy, but it didn't stop my daughter's head from flopping in the direction i consider most dangerous, and it really only even fit around her in her carseat for a matter of weeks anyway.
i love other products from this company (like the swaddle-me!!!)
but the snuzzler is just another piece of baby junk that i could have done without.
i don't use this item in the car seat for safety reasons but always use it in the stroller, bouncer, etc.
whenever the baby outgrows it, the baby is probably ready to sit in the infant seat without extra support.
this has worked so much better than rolled up towels which are constantly moving.
towels do not and are usually cotton which is extremely flamible.- it is now 8 months later.
we stopped needing the snuzzler in her infant seat at about 4 months old.
we had it stored for awhile and then brought it out again to use in her high chair.
i have a baby jogger ii and since it can be used until kiddos are 75 lbs she would have rattled around in there at 16 lbs when we first started using it.it's really soft and it has washed well - although you might want to wash & dry it by itself the first time because it had a lot of fuzzies.
it's nice that you can reverse it to have the soft fuzzy side out when it's cold and the smooth cotton side out when it's warm.i have to reemphasize what some of the reviews say - be careful when using anything extra in a car seat.
the reason is that, heaven forbid you were in a car crash, any extra padding could compress too much creating too much gap in the straps holding your little one in the seat.
i know that this says you can use in in a car seat, just make sure that any padding in a car seat is installed properly.
you don't want to have padding in between the seat back and the baby.
we were fortunate to have received this product at our baby shower.
he looked so cozy with the fleece side cuddling him and he was very well supported.
now that it's over 80 degrees, we've flipped it over to use the cooler fabric and he still loves it.
but, it still doesn't offer enough support.
once he falls asleep, his little head just hung over the side, so we put the snuzzler back in and he's much happier.it is a bit trickier to get the car seat straps safely adjusted around the support, but after a few days we had the hang of it.
this was on my "must have" list.
the plan...to use it in my perego p3 to snuggle my little peanut and protect his head from the detachable back strap.
i bought the snuzzler with every intention to use it, but i haven't.
i haven't used it in his p3 because i ended up buying the kolcraft universal car seat carrier.
i'm not using it in his infant car seat because i'm already using a jj cole bundle me.
it would be too bulky.
i tried it in his swing, but it creates to tight of a fit.
i tried it in his bouncer...can't snap him in...too bulky.
so why would i rate if i haven't even used it?
that's basically it.
is it worth buying something you may not even use.
my advice would be to be sure you are going to use it before making the purchase.
i have told every new mom i know this is a must have.
this works so much better than the little head supports that come with the car seats and stroller.
our son was able to be all snuggled in and his head wouldnt flop around.
he is still using this at 4mnths old.
we tried taking it out for the summer but he just didnt seem as happy and comfy in his carseat.
we are very satisfied with the snuzzler product.
we would not know what to do without it.
***update- a big plus> i have washed it several times in the washing machine then let it hang dry and it still looks great.
i am looking forward to using for our next child!
i love this thing!!!!
my baby looks soooo comfy when she is in her carseat!!!
we stayed over my brother-in-laws house one night and had lilly sleep in the carseat, and it was one of her best nights of sleep in her first month.
she was starting to outgrow it, but i still was using it, until the other day, i saw lilly's new cousin sarah slumped over in her carseat.
she looked so uncomfortable, that i'm letting her use the snuzzler now.
i think i might buy this for everyone when i go to baby showers now!!!!!!
i got this snuzzler for a babyshower gift and was so excited.
i soon realized that it was way to big and bulky for our newborns carseat.
i took others advice and put it in the stroller, and our swing and it is great!
over all i am happy with this product!
what a great product and it really works!!
it doesn't take up space behind baby, it just takes up the space between the side of the car seat and the baby.
i don't know the mechanics of it but not once since we put this in the car seat has her head flopped.
we took it out to wash it, went out before it dried and it stayed home.
as soon as she fell asleep in the car without the snuzzler- *flop*.
as far as safety you can tell it doesn't add any bulk or come between the baby and the straps.i doubted the snuzzler's claims, bought it, and love it.
if i have more kids i'll consider it a necessity and if they could talk they'd probably say the same.
other reviewers mentioned that this is a must for smaller babies, but our daughter was nine pounds when she was born and she was so snug and comfy in her car seat with the snuzzler.
i like that it's adjustable and will grow with the baby, and the design allows it to be used virtually anywhere - in the car seat, stroller, swing, high chair - you name it!
it may even be used as a sleep positioner in the crib to prevent the baby from rolling over.we use our snuzzler every day and it doesn't show any wear at all.
it washes well (doesn't shrink, bunch, fade or pill) and may well serve more than one baby.
it provides much needed support in the car seat, bouncy chair, etc.
it prevents them from slumping down and supports their little bodies.
this is one of my top-5 items for a new baby.
it is much faster than the old fashioned way of warming bottles, and it is portable.
i wrote an earlier review giving this warmer 5 stars because it heated the bottles so fast and the cooler portion made it easy to use anywhere in the house and travel.
but i noticed that the on/off switch sparked every time you turned it off.luckily, i had kept the box so i just exchanged it for another only to discover the second did the exact same thing!
this is a huge fire hazard!
i have contacted the first years about this problem but so far have not rec'vd a reply.
i even searched for information about recalls on this warmer but found nothing.
maybe it was just a fluke that i purchased the two out there that did this - but if i were you i wouldnt take the chance that there are more with this problem, avoiding it altogether and buy a different brand!initially i would have recommended this warmer but now i say dont buy it!
the on/off switch needs to re-designed before it is safe to use.
(i wouldn't be surprized if this gets recalled!)
this is very useful and it heats up bottles quickly and easily.
like the other reviewers stated, it is quite convenient!
the only small negative is that the cooler isn't attached and makes it harder to transport.
personally i think bottle warmers are a waste of money.
it takes too long.
i got one for my shower and i'm so mad that i threw the box away because i wish i could return it.
i have always just warmed the bottle in the microwave.
so many people are against that but as long as you shake up the bottle before you feed the baby there's no problem.
only an idiot wouldn't check the temp before feeding their baby anyway.
save your money and just use the microwave.
it's so much faster!!
we just had a new baby boy and i feel like a new mother!
my older son is now 14 years old and boy have baby products changed since then!
i seriously considered comments and reviews when deciding which items i wanted, which i could live without, and what was an absolute must have.
so i hope you find my review just as helpful when deciding on your purchase.
i call this bottle warmer one of the best purchases we've made so far!
i read the mixed reviews on this product before purchasing it and i'm glad i ignored all the negative reviews.
i quickly learned that the problem with those used wasn't the product, it might have been "user error".
i have found this warmer to be extremely easy to use.
the trick is to play with the warmer and get the water levels right before attempting to use it.
i really like this bottle warmer.
it heats up the bottles well.
it gets 4 stars because i think it takes way too long to heat up a bottle.
i have also never used the cooler.
in my opinion to me it's just as easy to grab a bottle out of the fridge.
i was given this as a shower gift and it has been a lifesaver.
we use it anytime we need to heat up a bottle, day or night.
we prefer to use it instead of heating the bottle in the microwave, but sometimes the bottles get too hot, and that is probably because we may have put a little too much water in the measuring tube.
but most of the time, they are just right.
we just keep the warmer in her room for convenience.
in the beginning we used, the cooler, but we kept forgetting to put the ice pack back in the freezer after she'd taken the 2nd bottle, so now we just use it for the warmer and it has truly worked out really good for us.
you do have to pay attention to the amount of water you put in so that the bottle does not get too hot, but after using it you get a "feel" for the timing and amount of water.the water measuring lines on the tubes that came with the warmer did rub off quickly.
however, i called the company and they sent new ones that have had no problems.this warmer has been a life saver.
this device is great!!!
i could not live without it.
the detached cooler is great for trips and family functions.
no running downstairs to the kitchen for bottles.
i put it on my nightstand so i don't even have to get out of bed to get a bottle.
this warmer worked great and it was so convenient for the middle of the night feedings to not have to go up and down the stairs.
i used it for almost 3 months and then i went to the microwave.
now that my 3 month old is sleeping through the night, i don't have to worry about the convenience factor.
otherwise, i would definitely recommend this warmer.
i got tired of getting up at night and going to the kitchen to warm up the bottle.
this is much better.
you have to play with it to see how much water you need to get the bottle the right temp.
it hold two bottles, but when i bought it my son just decided to drop the midnight feed so now i use it for the 5 a.m. feed only.
i have to use extra ice blocks to keep it cooler longer, but it does save me from getting out of bed since his crib is next to my bed.
i found this to be unecessary.
i don't usually store formula so i didn't need the cooling compartment.
as far as heating up the bottles when i need to, i find it quicker & easier to just pop a mug of water in the microwave for 2 minutes & then let sit the bottle in it for a minute or so.
this is a good idea in theory, but in reality, what baby will wait 5 minutes for a bottle to warm?
the faster, easier solution is to microwave a few ounces of water in a bowl (we use a large pyrex measuring cup) until the water is hot and put the bottle in the bowl until it's warm.
this method takes less than 5 minutes, i.e.
you don't have to hear your baby scream for 5 minutes.
yes, it's great because it is convenient; it's right at your bedside or baby's cribside so you don't have to take an extra 5 minutes to go downstairs and it can be plugged in anywhere so you can take it on the road with you if you're staying overnight somewhere.
and yes, all of your feeding accessories are close at hand and you can store 2 bottles at a time...
but the bottles simply stay "cool" as the description states when they really need to stay cold.
(we use a nightlight that plugs in to the wall...)  and for some reason, we can never get the bottle to the right temperature no matter how much water we put in the dropper.
we can even use the same amount of water 3 times in a row and one bottle will be too hot, the other too cold and maybe the last just right.
we're still working on it, though- even though we've had this for about two months (and please note that this is our second one - the first one stopped getting hot after two weeks).
we use dr. brown's bottles and they fit perfectly and we don't remove the vent or the nipple like another reviewer had to.
maybe that's why the bottle doesn't warm the same way each time.
it could also depend on how cold (or "cool") the bottle is.
the colder the bottle, the longer the warming time and vice verse.
it's a great concept but it needs a little more tweaking.
guess what though - i still use it every night!!!!
(if someone knows of a better warmer, please email me.)
i had triplets and the night and day bottle warmer could not hold the number of bottles i needed at night so i ended up giving it away.
i would not recommend this product for homes with multiples.
you might be able to use it if you have twins and they only get up once during the night.when i became pregnant a second time, one of the first things i asked for was a night and day bottle warmer.
the two water holders slide onto the side of the warmer and the cooler is placed in the back.
one for bottles and one for jars of food.there is a chart on the side of the cooler.
when it is ready the light will shut off.
takes about 2-5 minutes.good features:on and off switch on the cord.
very nice when you have toddlers that like to push buttons.indicator light to tell you when bottle is done.warms a bottle in the amount of time it takes you to change the diaper.very stable.
no tipping and not top heavy even with coolerfits many size bottles, see note below about dr brown's bottlespoor features:water holder clips can break during shipping, inspect your warmer as soon as you buy itwater bottle for cooler, must fill with water.
does not stay frozen for longer than 7-8 hours.cooler lock is plastic bump.
breaks very easily.
cooler will no longer lock if one is missing.
steam can get into cooler because seal is broken.
top will not stay on if lock is broken.will only hold 2 bottlesdr.
brown's bottlesunscrew the top just enough so it does not have a complete seal, then warm bottle.
if you do not unscrew the top or remove the straw, the formula during heating will rise up the straw and flow into the warmer.when i opened the box i discovered one of the water holders was broken.
it was just the plastic clip on the side.
then a few nights later i noticed that the lock on the cooler was broken.
i emailed first years and told them about my broken pieces.
it is very convenient to remove the bottle from the cooler, place in warmer hit start.
better than going to the kitchen and warming a bottle.
*update* 8 oz dr brown's bottles will not fit into the cooler unless you remove the cap.
i read reviews on the bru website like a crazy woman before choosing products for my new baby.
as a new mommy, this advice from other mothers who actually used the products was invaluable when deciding what to spend money on.
i decided that i would follow the leader and add my reviews.
i couldn't wait to review this product!
as other reviewers mentioned, it is a life-saver!
it makes middle-of-the-night feedings so easy!!
i have a two story home, and love that i don't have to go downtstairs to get a bottle or heat it!
the cooler holds two bottles, which is enough for us, as baby is eating every three hours.
the really "wee hour" feedings can be covered without my having to go downstairs.
i would never call this product silly or unecessary because i don't think getting a bottle to a nice room temperature instead of out-of-the-fridge-cold for my baby is being over the top!
i make up all my bottles at once;  they're kept fresh and cold;  i heat them as i use them; it's a snap!
i've had no long waits, no mess, no problems.
i use dr. brown's bottles, and yes, you have to take the cap and nipple off, but i leave the tube in with no problem.
i have had to tweak the heating time a little for the short, four ounce dr. brown bottles, but again, no problem!
seriously folks, this isn't rocket science!
read the directions!
with common sense and very little adjusting, this product is priceless!
i love it!
the only reason why i'm giving this a 1 star is not for the convenience it provides to others, but because it is so not necessary to have...another baby product on the market that is not needed.
i, being a first time mom, wanted all the baby products out there!
if you start your baby with warming his milk, then you're only getting him use to it.
i'm sure most everyone either receives the arrowhead or sparkletts (or other) bottled water in their homes...well, the water is already at room tempreature...no need to "warm" it up in the bottle warmer device...just add your formula in the bottle, shake and give to your baby!
it's already leukewarm.
the only time i warm up the bottle is if it's been in the fridge...at that point, i just run it under hot water to warm it up.
my baby does not have 5+ mins to wait...nor do i!
save your $$ and/or those of your friends/family who get it for you!
the bottle warmer is a must have for new moms.
it's such a pain to heat a bottle in boiling water - and it takes so long.
this bottle warmer will heat your bottle in 1-2 minutes -- it's quick and easy.
the product has held up nicely and doesn't take up too much counter space.
although we are breastfeeding, there are times when we bottle feed breastmilk.
the directions are so easy and the unit has everything you need!
we add two bottles to the cooler compartment and fill the water tubes before we go to sleep.
let me tell you that at 3:00 am, being able to just dump the water in the warmer and add the bottle is a real plus.
in addition, being able to use it for a variety of bottles, milk storage bags and even baby food jars makes it a product that grows with your baby.
i wish i would have purchased this bottle warmer from the very beginning.
i purchased the avent bottle warmer because i was using avent bottles but i recently had to switch bottles and had to purchase a bottle warmer to accommodate those bottles.
the only very small problem is that the numbers on the measuring cups rub off after a week or so which makes it hard to fill them with the correct amout of water for your size bottles.
i guess i will have to guestimate at this point.
i thought that i just had to have this bottle warmer.
boy was i wrong.
i found this warmer to be more of a hasssle than anything.
i used avent bottle (which i love - no gas!!)
so maybe the bottles are the problem - who knows.
the bottles were either too hot or too cold.
it is just as easy to install an instant hot water thingy on your faucet and make a warm bottle in seconds.
i simply love this machine!
after you learn how to use the measuring and all that this machine saves me so much time and worry.
time over boiling water in a cup to let the bottle or baby food warm up in and worry over is it too hot or too cold still or is it warmed up evenly.
if your looking for a bottle/food warmer buy this one!
this warms your bottles just fine, but it is a little hot once you pull it out.
the cooler doesn't keep the bottles cold enough, so i'd get the cheaper version without it.
i definately liked the convenience.
during the early stages of breastfeeding and we needed to suplement, it was nice to have the bottle there and not have to go downstairs in the middle of the night.
however, i've had the hardest time figuring out how much water to use to warm the bottles.
they have a chart, but it is not geared towards the platex bottles with the drop ins.
it either gets too hot or i have to do it several times until it's hot enough because my guess of how much water to use is always off.
i've also got the one without the cooler in my kitchen.
however, as i am breastfeeding and occassionally pumping milk i thought we would use it for sure, once in a blue moon it turns out whenever i am leaving baby with daddy and an expressed bottle of milk (which he can easily leave out for an hour before as its breastmilk/room temperature!)
our wee one only gets up once a night at 3am so i may as well do it and sleep later into the morning, we're all up at 6am anyway!so, to conclude, not a necessary item for us and hardly used, perhaps formula feeding and more demanding babies would use it - as a shower gift it would be fine but don't bother spending extra yourself.
i just don't like this product.
basically it is boiling the water and the bottom of the bottle gets really hot and if you use the vent air bottle the water drips out of the bottom is it is really hot.
i just started using the mircrowave and it seem to heat faster this way.
it takes forever for the formula to get warm by this product.
if you get into a routine: ( wake up place the bottle in the warmer change the diaper the bottle is done by the time you are and has even had time to cool for a moment).
i only had one problem with getting the bottles 2 hot but that was my fault from heating them twice.
go figure.
i had a c-section and we lived in a 2 story house, what trips this saved my husband from going downstairs all night was well worth the money.
save your money and go to a local walmart and get the bottle warmer by parents choice.
it allows the bottle to be stored on low for 8 hours and actually will boil water if need be!
great product....it really simplifies and speeds up bottle preparation.
even though we ended up rarely using bottles, i don't regret this purchase for the reason that it makes the times we do use bottles much easier.
cooler is convenient at night, and the warmer takes all guesswork and hassle out of preparing the bottle.
the first and most obvious use is the fact that you can have a bottle warming while you're changing your baby's diaper, getting them dressed etc...while some will complain that it takes 5 minutes, i find that to be a gross over estimate.
if it truly took 5 minutes my guess is that too much water was being put into the resevoir.the next great use is the fact that it's easy and so any dad - new or experienced - can figure out how to use it to help out.
it's extremely easy to use so it can even be easily used in the middle of the night.the one weakness that i found has to do with warming up breast milk that's been frozen.
it seems to have some sort of timer that times how long the water in the resevoir has boiled to not let the milk get too hot.
if breast milk has not had an opportunity to thaw out in the fridge yet it will obviously take more than just 1 press of the button for the milk to thaw and be warmed up.
the problem is that even though there's still ice in the bottle the water will be warm and so the heating element that heats the water will shut off after 10 seconds.
what i had to do was shake the bottle to more evenly distribute the temperature through out the bottle and add more cool water to the resevoir 3-4 times.
this situation is easily fixed however by remembering (easier said than done when you aren't sleeping much!!)
to take out a bottle 12-18 hours in advance.overall, great product, great value and a must have.
i would have given it 5 stars if there was a way to set some sort of control to tell it that the bottle is full of frozen liquid.
i use platex nurser with the disposable liners, and when i tried to heat it in the warmer sometimes it would be cold other times it would get so warm that the liner would leak.
i would not recommend buying this item.
i ended up having to use it sooner than i thought, and was so glad i had it on hand.a few times i was not able to produce enough milk so had to supplement with a few formula feedings.
also when my husband lets me sleep in on weekends, he feeds the baby either formula or some cooled breastmilk if it's available.
just pour whatever amount of water in it tells you, drop your bottle in and press the button.
within minutes you have a perfectly warmed bottle for your baby.
no hot spots as microwaves produce and you can even warm baby food jars in this as well.only a few times i had put too much water in and the bottle had to cool before i fed my son.it's so quick and is perfect for feedings that every mom should own one, even if you think you'll breastfeed exclusively.
i know i thought i would, but not everything works out as you plan.
firstly let me say that we tried a lot of different bottles to find the right suction for my son and went through avent, gerber nuk, evenflo, playtex with the liners and eventually settled on playtex ventaire.
it says it takes 5 minutes, for a full 8oz maybe but with a newborn the bottles warm up in next to no time at all.
all you do is just put the water in, snap on the switch, let the bottle sizzle away for a really short while and you can feed with ease.
i keep a small jug of water next to my bed as well in case i need extra i don't have to go to the bathroom to get more.
the water holders are such a bonus as there is no having to get enough light to look inside to see the "fill line" or anything like that.
it heats pretty evenly and i would recommend this item to anyone wanting a bottle warmer.
we usually just leave the bottles at room temperature, seeing as it's winter, and just warm them from then.
well worth the money!
had been searching for these everywhere, i have no clue why playtex have moved away from these, i am guessing because of fear of allergic reactions but all my babies loved these over the silicone ones.
i have now been able to get the fast and slow of these and was able to find the orthodontic, which were the only ones my kids would accept when first going from breast to bottle, from ebay for around the same price i paid for these, amazon did have them but at the time they were 3 times the price.
i do still have the silicone ones for when the baby gets older as they work better then but for the next few months, if i can ever get him to accept a bottle over the breast, then i will use these.
i ended up purchasing the playtex nurser bottle with the drop-ins after trying various other bottles that my baby wouldn't drink from.
these nipples were a lifesaver and allowed my baby to easily switch between breast and bottle.
but while he couldn't tell the difference i did enjoy having couple of these nipples with the disposable pouch when traveling abroad.
it was a life saver.
i never thought i could feel so much affection towards a latex nipple.
that was, until i met playtex.
oh, i could bore you with the details of what i like to call "the bottle wars" that took place in our home last spring, but i will spare you.
what i will tell you is that when we discovered the playtex drop-ins with, and only with, the latex nipples, a cease fire took place and peace was restored to our home.
you're going "this woman is nuts,"  but no, these nipples here allowed me to, oh i don't know, take a quick jaunt to starbucks and the store sans baby because finally she would take a bottle from someone else!!!
i like to call these "gas station bottles," which isn't fair, but in some ways an appropriate description: you can find the bottles anywhere.
go old school, get these bottles and the latex nipples.
he is five months old and this is the only nipple he's ever tolerated.
it finally worked!!!
i wish i had started off with these and not wasted so much time and money on the other fancy and hard-to-clean bottles.
i tried to switch my baby to fast from latex natural latch slow at 4 months, but he choked on the faster flow of milk.
i thought he just wasn't ready, but the next day i caught my husband feeding him with a fast flow nipple and he was just fine!
it turns out that they're not all calibrated the same way.
i filled the two we had with water and held them upside down over the sink.
the other dripped so quickly it was almost a steady stream (this is the one baby choked on before).
so i learned my lesson - order some extra and check the actual flow using this test (fill w/water and hold upside down) as some flow much faster than others!
i am very disappointed in this product.
these nipples don't fit any of my medela, evenflo, avent, or similac bottles.
totally worthless purchase.
after having ordered these, i found out that they cost less at babies'r'us.
i do not recommend this product.
these nipples certainly weren't &#34;fast&#34; for anything but water.
formula barely comes through.
slower than the slow-flow!
the other playtex nipples i've bought aren't bpa free and they work much better.
i got these latex nipples to have 'spare parts' for my vintage baby bottle collection.
it was a decent price, and saved me a trip to go look for them :)
when i went back to work after 5+ months of maternity leave, my baby had no interest in drinking from a bottle.
the babysitter had to spoon feed milk to her.
i tried almost every other bottle and nipple on the market except for the adiri breastbottle nurser - baby bottle.
the babysitter discovered that she preferred rubber nipples over silicon ones because they are softer, but she didn't like the shape of other brands, so it was still a struggle to try to get her to drink from a bottle during the day.
i was so worried about my baby until i finally found theplaytex bottle 4-oz.
drop-ins - 100-ct..
the nipple is very wide and shaped more naturally than other bottles.
i replaced the silicon nipples that are included with the bottles with this rubber nipple and she finally drinks from the bottle and still breastfeeds whenever i am home.
and because the bottle is lightweight and has a hollow bottom, my baby can easily hold the bottle to drink by herself.
daughter strongly prefers to breast feed.
they're the only bottle/nipple that she will take (won't even take the silicone version of these nipples).
if you have a picky baby that won't take any bottles, i would recommend trying these out.
only reason why i'm not giving it 5 stars is the quality control is poor; out of the first 4 nipples that we purchased had 2 nonfunctional ones (there was no hole); i now check each nipple first by making sure i can squeeze water out before using it.
i like the latex nipple because it is softer than the silicone ones and it is easier for my babies to get a good seal on them while eating.
they are so hard to find anymore though.
however the flow has been just right for my babies so that is not an issue for me.because of the nature of latex you do go through these faster than silicone ones.
we did replace them about every 3-4 months depending on how many we had in rotation.because my babies could get a good seal on these and it prevented a lot of spilled and wasted milk they were worth getting and i will get them again.
(hopefully, they solve the problem with so many defective ones though)
we had a hard time getting our son to take a bottle, but the latex nipples on the playtex nurser did the trick!
someone had recommended the latex nipples to me because they are softer than silicone.
we started him on these, and once he was used to it, transitioned to the silicone playtex nipples.
great product, especially for the bottle-wary baby!
they really were easier to clean, because food didnt get stuck on the bottom, and they really kept the gas at bay.
my sons still nurse occasionally and get breastmilk, and they will take any bottle nipple, but for a while this was the only one they would take, so i consider it their favorite.
these bottles are really easy to use, and they are, in fact easier to clean!
they fit in my avent bottle sterilizer and they are a nice shape to get the milk easier.
i recomend these for all new moms.
though there are many parts, they work much better than the avents and live up to their word that they make gas much less frequent and a problem.
he seems to like the nipple.
but if i'm washing a bottle anyway, it's really not a big deal.
i also like that the bottom comes off because it allows for better cleaning.
she only drinks from these bottles since she was 3 mos (she's now 11mos).
would definately recommend it!
my nb became accustomed to the breastflow type so it was hard to switch him, but we had to due to such bad gas problems.
the only problem i found with these were the nipples.. we got a fast-flow and even though he's a savage eater, it was just a little too fast for him so he gave up completely.
our babysitter got over it fast so she went to walmart and bought some slower-flowing nipples (same brand, same fit) and is swearing by them.
i bf my baby, but when we wean him we'll be sure to get a slower-flow nipple top and just use the fast-flow for his rice cereal/bm concoctions.
definitely would buy again if i hadn't already stocked up, haha!one thing to note:: these bottles do not work if you're trying to switch parts with any other brand.
(which is why the docking of 1*) it's not as wide a neck as breastflow and gumdrop, and not small enough to fit standard hospital bottles and medela brand.
although she was young for it, i got her the next ones up and that was entirely too fast.
i never could get her to  take to these bottles.
if she had to spend any length working to get her food on the slower nipples, she'd turn around and really scream if i tried to nurse her since she was too tired and gassy.
faster flow, gagging child and still lot of gas.i loved the way they broke down, but the plastic inserts and the angles never did seem to do anything better about gas than my avent bottles.
it was honestly when i used the wide mouth handi-craft dr. brown bottles that i started really noticing a difference.
if you nurse too.... her latch got better with the dr. brown's, and after getting rid of these.
these seemed to be along the same lines and cheaper, so we gave them a try.overall, i would say that these are a great product for their price.
like the avent bottles, they are easy to clean and there are not any thin tube/weird parts that are hard to clean and need to be replaced periodically (which is what drove me away from the dr. browns and tommee tippie bottles.)
they do have one more piece than the avent bottles, but that's not too much of a big deal.
in my mind, the simpler the design is, the better.the things that i do not like as much are relatively minor.
first, the nipple has a softer ring section that seems to allow it to collapse in (not flat) if there is too much pressure in the bottle.
the second is that although the bottle does vent just like it aims to do, it seems that it takes more pressure in the bottle to cause it to vent compared to the avent bottles.
this is only really a problem when the little one is getting lazy at the end of her bottle, and will just start to let go of the nipple causing it to vent through the nipple.
third, now that the little one is starting to want to hold her bottle herself, she has a harder time holding these.
over all, these are minor issues.they are less expensive, so i could see these being a good alternative for some parents.i would grab these in a pinch if there were no avent bottles, but i'm sticking to the avent.
baby has feeding issues so we have to feed him in an upright position (the nicu feed position)  other bottles were hard to use in this position, but the angle of the ventaire makes it so easy.
the bottles have 5 pieces (body, nipple, collar, base and silicone vent) they are easy to clean and assemble, however if you do not dry the pieces well water will drip from around the bottom, or the collar.these are all white so great for boy or girl.
i did however prefer the brighter colors that the old ventaire bottles came in.
(deep blues, purples, etc)
we bought this for my daughter because we do a combination of breast feed and formula feed.
our daughter used to get a lot of gas with avent bottles but ever since we switched to these she did not have any problems.
also you dont have to burp her as much, very minimal amount of gas actually goes in while feeding.i recommend this product to every parents.
when i first saw this, i was sure that it would leak, but it just seemed like such an innovative idea that i bought one anyway.
the bottle is incredibly easy to clean because both ends can be removed.i unscrewed the nipple ring and the bottom of the bottle.
i was so sure that it would leak if i put anything liquid in it.
i filled the bottle full of water and tossed it around on a white sheet to see if it leaked.
it didn't, but i still wasn't sure.
so, i washed the bottle in hot water.
i've noticed that some bottles leak after being washed.
then, i tried the sheet experiment again.
it didn't leak.
this bottle is 9 months old and still hasn't leaked.i also liked how these bottles were wide and took similar nipples as the disposable bottles from playtex, which makes switching back and forth from the playtex disposable and reusable bottles much easier and causes less nipple confusion.
i have used playtex bottles for all my children.
now on baby number three, i was excited to get the new and improved playtex bottles.
i love the wide because they are easier for my baby girl to grab hold of and learn to hold her own bottle.what i love about this new style is how very little to no air is sucked in.
all my kids had problems with gas bubbles as babies and these bottle really helped stop this problem.
this meant a better nights sleep for them and me.i also love that playtex uses bottle liners.
i have tried several brands,  like born free and dr brown.
even though born free claim the nipple is slow flow, but my infant just chokes with milk... vent air is easy to assemble and to clean.
the angle makes it easier to hold the bottle.
dr brown has too many parts to clean and to store.
overall, i really like these bottles, and strongly recommend them.
these are very good bottles.
i used them with my daughter because it keeps the air out of the bottles, so babies dont have upset tummies.
these bottles work very well as long as all parts are totally dry.
i've had them leak several times but it's been because i haven't let the latex valve on the base air dry completely.
i have been using avent bottles for my previous two children and after they redesigned them with the insert i found i didn't care for them.
i tried these out as an alternative with my third child and i love them.
i had tried playtex in the past but didn't care for the smaller nipple and found that if i wasn't really careful with sealing the bottle it would leak.
i find that this new advanced bottle has a wider nipple similar to the avent bottle and that the pieces in the bottom fit better when closing, my baby hasn't had any colic issues with these and we were able to take her off gripe water and she still doesn't have issues with colic.
therefore, i believe these bottles are doing a great job with keeping the air from going through the nipple.
they are easy to clean and store.
i can't speak to the 'science' behind the design and if the 'ventaire' does what it claims to.
i thought at first this would be a hassle but it is not much extra work to clean (more pieces to keep track of though).
in fact it makes cleaning the bottle itself possible with a sponge since with the bottom and top pieces taken off you can put a sponge in from either end.if you are new to bottles though i do highly recommend this as an essential piece of baby equipmentoxo tot bottle brush with nipple cleaner and stand, orangethe bottle brush has gotten us up to 15 months, could not have done bottles without it.
in the end our daughter took right to these and the nipples on the 9 ounce ones seem to flow well for an older baby.
for the most part i am very pleased with this product.
it cut down on the gas problems my daughter had and really i had no trouble cleaning them.
there was one bottle that for whatever reason leaked when i shook the bottle to mix it.
seeing that it was only one bottle out of the 6 that we have, i am not too bothered by it.
ultimately it's a fine product and i would recommend it.
the nipple is one that got rave reviews.
it is not difficult for a baby to drink from the nipple which is a good and reasonable size.i like the way the bottles come in sections which make clean up jobs easier.
you don't have residual feedings left in these bottles for that very reason.the angled shape make it easy for whoever is holding the bottle.
the weight is more or less evenly distributed and leakage, if any is minimal.
this also results in less gas and burping and a cleaner feeding time all around.
so i don't normally review, however i really like this product and highly recommend it to all of my friends.
it was very important for me to breastfeed my baby and i was afraid of nipple confusion and/or baby preferring bottle and rejecting me.
my baby never had problems going from using these bottles back to nursing.
i had my set for 10 months now and they never leaked.
my are in perfect working condition and i will be using and buying more if we have more kids.
while my first son almost never spit up, my second spits up all the time.
we've only been using these a few weeks, but he hasn't spit up near as much.
it may be because he's getting older and eating more baby food and all, but i'll gladly give credit to the bottles!i'm going to point out a few things about these bottles that we've observed and you can decide whether that part is positive or negative.-after using "straight" bottles, these do take a bit of getting used to.
since the top is curved, it's easier to spill the formula if you don't turn it with the lower side towards you when pouring it in.-the small bottle is 6 ounces as opposed to 5 ounces on all the other bottles we've used.
at first, i was really excited about this, but you still can't make a 6 ounce bottle using powdered formula.
there's not enuogh room to mix it up.
so, you can still only use it as a 4 ounce bottle if using powdered formula.
there's plenty of room if you're using liquid or breast milk for 6 ounces.
(this set only has the 9 ounce bottles, though).-there's 6 pieces to put together for each bottle.
i'll admit sometimes it gets to be a pain with so many peices, but most bottles these days have a lot of pieces.-there's different colors, so there's a variety.
i like that the colors are gender neutral.
when you're putting the bottles together it does take a little more time trying to match up the tops and bottoms according to color, but that part isn't absolutely necessary.
i like them to match, though.-the "slow" nipple is very slow!
if you're using breast milk, the "slow" nipple is perfect.
it's fast enough that you don't have to widen the hole or anything.
(i think this set only comes with "fast" nipples).overall, we are very pleased with them!
:)
my favorite is the playtex drop-ins bottles, just because you don't have to wash bottles and can just throw in a new liner, but these are my second favorite.
other times they can be filled with water and in my diaper bag all day without a drop missing.
i'd still recommend them.
with my first child i used the playtex drop-ins, then switched to the standard ventaire once i got tired of buying more liners all the time.
this was apparently a mistake.
sometimes my little one will suck and suck and make no progress, other times the formula comes out so fast he chokes and gags on it.
i've even had the leak out the bottom a couple of times for no apparent reason.
i always make sure the pieces are dry before assembling the bottle and that the bottom vents are free from obstruction.
2 weeks in and i'm already this frustrated, i can't imagine another year of this nonsense.
i think this is my baby's favorite bottle nipple shape.like many others, i was worried these bottles would leak but they don't!
hurray!i really wanted to try these to see if they'd cut down on burping.
they don't appear to do so, at least not significantly, but my baby is not exclusively bottle-fed.pros:- they don't leak!- they are super-easy to get very clean (quickly!)
because the bottom comes off.
our baby was almost exclusively breast fed from the start.
we were not very diligent on giving her a bottle often so she probably got pretty attached to the breast.
she is now 12 weeks old and since i am going back to work this week, we started being more diligent 2 weeks ago with the bottle.
she took it without much problem and i'm confident it won't be an issue when i go back to work.the venting also seems to work as she doesn't swallow a lot of air - doesn't burp or get gas a lot.
i also like how the bottle comes apart so that you can clean it well.
does this happen to anyone else?
i normally use the drop-ins bottles and i don't prefer one bottle over the other.
i do like that the bottle is bent so it is easier to feed my baby.
also, i didn't notice at first that the pack came with fast flow nipples, but that was my fault.
i thought something was wrong at first but it was just the wrong nipple, as my baby still requires the slow-flow ones.
i bought these and i haven't looked back.when i bought the first set my baby was still using the slow flow nipples, so i got the 9 oz size, bought slower nipples and just switched them out.
around 6 or 7 months i noticed that my baby seemed to be working too hard when taking her bottle.
my best friend had warned me that they took a little while for the baby to get used to, and she was right.
she was used to sucking really hard, and so the faster flow gagged her a little.
she dribbled a lot more out of her mouth, too.
after a week or so she learned to slow down.
she still dribbles a little at almost a year, but she's a baby.
she doesn't seem to mind, so why should i?
i have plenty of burp cloths to clean her up with!i have had a few leaks, but each time it was my fault.
either i didn't take the time to make sure the disk was fully inserted into the rim, i didn't pull the nipple all the way through the nipple ring securely, or i didn't line up the threads of the nipple ring when i screwed it on so it wasn't on completely.
sometimes you're just in a rush.
i scrubbed and sterilized her bottles daily until she was 10 months old.
(looking back, what was i thinking?
that was total overkill!!!)
now i just rinse them and put them in the dishwasher.
the wide size cleans up easily no matter how you choose to clean them.after reading some other reviews, i guess i would be a little upset too if i bought a bunch of bottles only to find out they weren't right for me and my baby.
one of the best pieces of advice i got came from a salesperson at babies 'r us.
she said instead of buying a lot of bottles up front or a big starter pack, buy one or two of the individual ones in the brand(s) you want to try.
then get one or two of the alternate nipples (if the bottle comes with silicone, buy one or two latex).
by doing this you have them on hand, so there is no middle of the night baby-won't-take-the-bottle trauma.
when the baby comes you can try out just one or two.
she said to still register for the big box, but just don't open it.
that's how i knew the playtex bottles and nipples were the right ones for us.
the vent aire bottles seemed like a good choice since we've had to get rid of older bpa bottles that the other kids used...
the vent aire bottles seemed like a good choice since we've had to get rid of older bpa bottles that the other kids used...
we used the starter set in the beginning to bottle feed our baby.
he's now 6-months old and drinks more than 6 oz at a time, we use upgraded our bottles to these 9 oz bottles.
same great quality as the starter set.
i like how's it's bpa free, leak-proof, and easy to clean.
i also like how the bottle is curved so my baby can kind of hold the bottle on his own.
he's barely starting to hold his own bottle, and the curve really helps.
they do prevent air from being swallowed, but the wide nipple doesn't work with my newborn, who has a small mouth and can't seem to latch onto this well enough without milk spilling now and then.
i used ventaire bottles with my daughter 12 years ago and was excited to get a chance to try them again.
i am blown away at the product today.1.
the bottom valve is easy to remove and clean and goes back together like a dream.2.
when the baby drank, there were no bubbles at all around the mouth so i know the valve in the bottom was working as it is supposed to.3.
yes, there are some extra parts, but nothing like the dr. brown's bottles i used with my son.4.
they do create bubbles when baby is drinking, but the bubbles dissipate almost immediately.
the bottles have reduced his gas and they seem to be the only nipples he can suck on without bending or compressing them.
that said, we've had difficulty finding replacement nipples for them!
i was hopful they would work well.
however they leak.
no matter what i tried they leaked.
had others try them for me, they leaked for them.
they are not worth the money, i won't even attempt to sell them at a yard sale because i dont want to burden anyone with the frustration of a leaky bottle.
these are the only bottles my 8 week old will drink from.
my son did have gas problems, but after these bottles the problem fanished!
i find them really easy to clean and i have used these bottles with my now 20 month old twin boys (just without the natural nipples) the bottom piece is a godsend since i dont have to scrub to get the gunk out of the bottle!
baby is not nearly as gassy since we switched to these bottles.
i am a first time mother to twin sons ((now nearly 8 months old)) and i was unable to breastfeed for a few reasons, so i purchased a whole lot of avent bottles...
huge mistake!first let me tell you, never buy a lot of one type of bottle before having your baby test them out!
i sterlized all the avent bottles, wanting to be prepared when i needed them, and now i have a million of them around the house collecting dust because i cannot return them!
for a few reasons the avents did not work for us ((not just based on my boys preferances either, i all in all do not reccomend those bottles if you or your baby do not like the ventaires!)).
my boys only take the natural nipple, and i have yet to see another bottle with a similar nipple shape.
they do not leak if you put them together properly.
there is no "special trick" to getting the bottles to seal correctly so there aren't any leaks, which is how a bottle should be... you shouldn't have to line up arrows or wet the rim first, thats none-sense.
the curve allows me to easily feed a baby ((or two!))
and the shape is great for the release of air to reduce gas problems ((which my boys have never had a huge problem with, and i thank the ventaire bottles!))
it is very easy to clean, i just rinse out the bottles in the sink ((just some warm water and soap)), and then i put the long bottle part on the highest rack of my dishwasher, and the rings, bases, nipples and disks go into the smaller baskets that i purchased for the dishwasher.
i have never had a problem with the dishwasher ruining nipples or disks, and so far no leaks ((although i do recommend changing nipples and disks every few months, they do start to wear!
)).there is one thing i would like to add.
one of my friends who has a daughter a bit older than my boys was at first dissapointed in the ventaires because they leaked in her diaper bag while traveling with them... we realized that this is because the bottle caps are not meant for preventing leaks while thrown into a diaper bag!
they are for keeping the nipple sanitary on-the-go.
therefore when i need to bring bottles on a day trip, i put the right about of powdered formula into the bottles required, and carry around a large water bottle separately.
when its feeding time i add water, shake, and have a ready-made bottle!
if there is still liquid in the bottle, i cary it straight up in the stroller, or cap it with the solid caps ((sold separately...
he also has reflux so we are constantly dealing with spitting up, burping issues, and excess gas.
i originally used the dr. browns bottles because i had heard so many good things about them.
well, dr. brown's bottles did not work for us.
i recently decided to try the ventaire bottle, based on a friend who was happy with them.
as soon as i switched i noticed a major reduction in my sons gas.
i also immediately noticed that he was burping better, both during and after a feeding.
i highly recommend these bottles, especially if you are dealing with spitting up and gas issues.
putting the bottles together is an extra step, but a lot less time consuming than putting together the dr. browns bottles, and it's well worth the effort.
i actually requested this product from the vine program for a friend who just had a baby and she is pleased as punch with these bottles.
now, the baby isn't talking but he isn't spitting up or crying uncontrollably with colic either.
playtes is a trusted product and these bottles are nice and wide and help your baby go from breast to bottle with ease.
bottle warmer fail.
formula leaked from the bottom of the bottle where the vents are located.
i hesitated but tried it in the warmer any way on the second use.
first time i warmed the formula in a dr. brown bottle, this time i didn't want to create extra clean up work for myself.
i ended up having to clean the bottle warmer, the counter top, the ventaire bottle and the feed to and finished dr. brown bottle.this is by far the worst venting system ever.
now that i have your attention, i like these bottles a whole bunch.
i have used avent (review) dr. brown's (review not yet written) and these.
just unscrew and clean all parts (which is not require lots of time, patience, and tools)!
even your husband can figure it out!
the wider bottle is easier for an adult to hold but seems heavier if your baby tries to.
however, the high flow can overflow the capacity of my baby's mouth (&lt; 2mo old) which leads to messiness.other drawbacks are that occasionally the vent holes leak.
there are also many different parts that need to be disassembled for cleaning.i have both the "wide" and "standard" versions and there isn't any difference when it comes to feeding.
these bottles were recommended by our pediatricianthey really do help lessen swallowed air and in turn baby gaswhich helps lessen spit up
i like these bottles, they are good for breast-fed babies.
i have purchased the (fast) flowing nipples now since my son got tired of the slow ones that were helpful when he was 3 months old.
he has been very fussy about "bottle" substitutions for mom, but he adjusted quite quickly to these nipples.
while they aren't mom, he is consolable and accepting of this system!
certainly makes feeding time while mom's away a whole lot less stressful!!
they are super easy to clean because they come completely apart (the bottom comes off) and they don't leak.
we also wanted some more fast nipples, but i wasn't sure what came with this set (it didn't seem to say anywhere).
well, we got the "neutral" colors (green, blue, yellow) and only fast nipples, which is perfect.
(for some reason, i can't find a reasonably price set of just the fast nipples for these anywhere.)
i know they have a lot of parts and are kind of a pain to clean but my daughter loves them.
we tried pretty much all other bottles.
these really helped my daughter with colic along eith switching her to hypoallergenic formula.
she flat out refused all others.
we use these blue nipples now that my daughter is older (thicker plastic), but used the clear natural nurser nipples when she was younger and the product still worked and didn't leak.
i use these bottles and avent bottles (i have an avent pump)and noticed that with the avent bottles my milk had a horrible amount of bubbles.
he burps as soon as you sit him up (this might just be because he is a fast burper?
every baby is different) and he has spit up only twice.
(he is one week old)the only problem i have is that i cannot find an adapter that will fit my avent pump and fit these bottles to pump directly into them which makes the avent bottles a little more convenient with breastmilk and playtex doesnt make a hand pump.when i decide to stop pumping i'll definitely give him these bottles exclusively.
i tried the regular version of these bottles, too.i babysit a friend's 5 mo old boy, he tends to spit up.
i thought these would be perfect to try with him.
he definitely spits up alot less with these bottles, there are far fewer bubbles in the bottle, too.
i gave his mom the pack of regular bottles and i keep these at my house to use with him when  he's here.
she loves the bottles, too, and says these are all she uses now.
it definitely makes for far less laundry when the baby doesn't spit up nearly as much!
personally i prefer the wide bottles, they seem easier to hold but that could be because i'm dealing with my 2 kids at the same time as the baby.i used a much more expensive brand with my last baby who is 4 now.
wish i had known these existed, they're far easier to clean and much easier on the wallet.
i like that the bottoms come off as well as the tops, this makes for easier cleaning.
in my opinion, when it comes to bottles, many moms have their own idea of which type is best, i feel that this is a bottle worth consideration by the first time mom, as well as the 2nd, 3rd, or 4th time mom.
it all boils down to personal preferences, and to what your baby likes best.however, i recommend buying one to begin with, then buying this set if you liked the one.
i know this is hard to do, but it could save you some money.
there were several different bottles i had received as gifts, that just didn't work for me, and they went wasted with no use from me.
=/
i tried the orginal ventaires to help my baby with gas, but he didn't seem to like those nipples at all, so when i found these i bought them right away.
he loves these and does so much better with the nipples.
he also gets less gas.
i find them easier to put together and clean then the regular ventaires also.
this bottle works great with my medela pump in style, using the playtex breast milk storage kit.
i like that this bottle can use the same nipple as the dropins.
my daughter has never had any problems with spit up or cholic so i all i can say is that these bottles didn't create any problems.pros to using the venatire wide/natural shape is that they're reusuable so no additional cost like the dropins.
they're really easy to clean since they come apart, and the parts are easy to clean.
you don't have to use the bottle rings that come with the kit, as they fit right on the adapter.
just remove the bottle from the adapter ring after pumping, put the sealing disc on, and store until feeding.
i've found that the storage kits (deluxe kit and the ones in the permium nurser gift set) including sealing discs that are the flimsy silicone pieces that fit into the nipple ring work better with the ventaires than the sealing discs in this kit.
we've had a few leak from the top when mixing (we have to add some prune juice for our daughter) a bottle with the hard top sealing disc.
we store these bottles on their bottom in the fridge, and have never had a problem with leaks.
so really, i would recommend looking for the deluxe/premium storage kit.when you're ready for the bottle just warm up some water in the microwave, and then plop the bottle into the water.
it only takes a few minutes since, and whalaa (no need for a bottle warmer!
we warm dropins this way too, it's a little faster since the liners are thinner).when the bottle is warm remove the sealing disc, & the insert the nipple.i have never tried freezing milk in the bottles although i know that the storage kit is advertized to be able too.
if i have extra milk i just freeze it in an ice cube tray, and store in ziploc freezer bags.
this system has turned out great for if lil' one finishes her bottle and is still hungry but doesn't need another entire feeding, just put a cube or two in...no wasted milk!overall, this bottle is a great choice for the breastfeeding mom who can't be readily available 24/7 :)
i can't even use this bottles yet because they arrived with fast flow nipples, although the picture clearly shows a box with slow flow ones!
annoying, inconvenient, and a hassle.
urgh.
got this for a shower.
don't know if they work.
baby isn't even born yet.
guess they will do the job.
my three month old daughter is breastfed and we thought we'd give these bottles a go.
i was hopeful that she might like the ventaire bottles, but they were a fail.
we tried both the slow and fast flow nipples  in these bottles and she wasn't able to get anything out of the bottle with either flow rate.
it was disappointing to say the least.even though the bottles didn't work for us, i'm sure they probably work well for someone's baby, so i will try to give you a run down on the bottles contained in this set.
there are no additional replacement valves for the vent with the set as there are in the newborn starter set.other reviewers have stated that they had leaking issues with these bottles.
in the few times that we attempted to use these bottles we didn't have any leaking issues, but i'm sure they could happen given that the bottom screws on and has holes in it that are covered with the silicone valve vent.the bottles feel pretty comfortable in your hand.
the bottle has six parts total.overall, while the bottles look nice, i think the ventaire concept is really a gimmack and a poorly executed one at that.
what good is a bottle if it's nearly impossible to get anything to come out of it?
personally, i'd pass on these bottles and try either the avent bottles or the playtex drop ins.
my husband and i were beside ourselves with our newborn trying to find a bottle that she would like and wouldn't create extra air.
she was very gassy!we tried everything... dr. browns, tommy tippee, and gerber and none of them worked... plus the dr. b and tommy tippee are much more expensive.
she finally liked the playtex ventaire!!
i am nursing as well and you have to get the wide nipples.the only thing is the fast nipples (which is what they come with) are way too fast... (we started her on these bottles at 4wks...
she's now 7 wks and the fast nipples are still too fast... we just tried this am!
i like the ventaire bottles, they are easier for my baby to hold while eating, and do seem to reduce gas.
the only downsides- the neck opening is a little small, it makes it more difficult to scoop formula into the bottle, and sometimes the nipple will collapse.
i tried these hoping that it would help my baby sleep better with less gas but there were several problems right away.
she didn't seem to like the shape, and it was kind of awkward for her.
it was really hard to get the top just so, so it wouldn't leak.
and the bottle will not fit in most warmers.
i wouldn't choose this one again.
would never buy any other bottle but these.
i have 12 of them.
they were great.
i have some of the more $$ ones and those leaked.
they were excelent.
i realized that you can never have too many bottles with my boy!!!
this shape is also designed to help prevent ear infections according to the manufacturer.
we like the fact that there is not so much air getting into the baby's tummy.
i have been very happy with those bottles, but sometimes i hate dealing with the inserts.
the nipples are interchangeable, so my son has no problem with the bottle change-up.i was really hoping the bottle would be easier for my son to hold on to since it is angled, but i think he just likes me holding it, so he has yet to hold the bottle himself.
i do find it much easier for me to hold when he is laying down because i can move around and it fits perfectly under my chin or it sits at he correct angle without me having to hold it at all unlike a straight bottle that falls over easily.the bottle unscrews at both the top and the bottom.
fast is just too fast for him.
i suggest picking up some medium-flow nipples if your little one has been using slow-flow since fast-flow can be a big jump.
these were such a pain to clean and use - my kitchen looked like a science lab.
i threw them all out.
this bottle design was great for my little one.
we had been using shorter, fatter bottles and it was frustrating to my daughter since she really wanted to hold it on her own, but she had difficulty with the bottle design.
with these bottles, she was able to hold it up pretty well rather quickly.
the bottles are easy to clean and sanitize.
for my little one the fast-flow nipples were a little fast, but i was able to get slow-flow nipples for the bottles and it worked perfectly.
however, we stopped using them because nipples would clog.
we also use some formula that might be clog-prone, but we didn't have this problem with our other brand of bottles.
we've been relatively happy with these bottles, but i think we may have gone with something different if we had done any research.
we got these from the lactation consultant's office a day after our daughter was born in a panic of needing to buy something.
our daughter was breast fed mostly, but used these a few times a week.venting system: i do hear air going back in the back end, so i suppose it is doing its job to some degree, but i also see air going back in through the nipple.ease of washing: i dont think the five parts are all that difficult to wash/keep track of.
the bottom stopper does take a bit of attention to make sure formula isnt remaining there after washing though.
we've generally handwashed the bottles and parts, but have put them through the dishwasher with success.leaking: we ususally have at least one bottle a week that leaks.
we havent been able to identify the exact cause, because as far as we can see, they're clean and assembled correctly.
the only time we had a consistent leak to troubleshoot, it was due to the bottom stopper having a tear in the inner ring.replacement parts: i'm really confused as to why the bottom stoppers are not available in most stores.
also, why do they sell three packs of bottles and only two packs of nipples?
silly.having not used anything else, i can't really compare.
i'm happy with these bottles so far though they are a bit slow with feeding.
the multiple parts (5) make it easy to get these bottles clean.
my baby took to it easily and he's both a bottle fed and breast fed baby.
when i brought my newborn home i wasn't sure what to use.
i knew that playtex was good but i had problems telling how many oz.
of water was in the bottle as according to the scoops of formula.
when i found the ventaire collection i thought it was great because both my husband and myself had problems with ear infections as children.
he refused to take the regular ventaire so i tried the natural shape and have never gone back.
we tried several different types of bottles.
i prefer these hands down.
these bottles really work!
i was skeptical at first, but my son actually seems to have less gas after eating from these bottles.
the only downside to these is that each bottle has 5 parts, so if you don't have a dishwasher they would be pain to clean.
you should also know that if you plan to pump into these bottles you will need an adapter.
this playtex 3 pack bpa free ventaire 9 ounce wide bottles are for my grandson and according to my daughter are perfect for him.
i bought one of these bottles because i likes the idea of being more like the breast, and i wanted to breast feed.
i couldnt breastfeed but my son only really likes "dome" type nipples.
i tried giving him this bottle and he couldnt get anything out of it!
he was just sucking air.
i looked at the ammount in the bottle after a few minutes and he hadnt gotten anything.
i tried twisting the top of the nipple to "open" the hole and tried again.
he still had the same problem!
i use the normal ventaire ones and he love them and has no problem!
i was happy to try these playtex ventaire natural shape bottle's for my daughter.
although she is older now (not a newborn) i have been quite tired and upset with dr. brown's bottles that we were using since her birth.
i replaced them twice and each time they have leaked from the screw cap area.
if you make them to tight they leak, to loose they leak, very fine line.... soo when i had the opportunity to try these out and had something to compare them to i was quite happy to do so.right off the bat i liked the design of them, and the way the top was angled.
the nipples are natural shaped and my daughter went from the old bottles to these without any hesitation or trouble to the nipple.
in fact she likes them better and seeks them out when wanting her bottle.
i like how the bottle and the top come off so you can clean the entire bottle with easy, rather then a fight.
most importanly though they did not leak at all.
the last thing you want is to travel and have your bottle leak, or spill coming out of the cap areas.
but none should leak from the screw cap area, and i was happy these did not leak.
we have used them well over a month now, going on two and love them!feeds your baby with virtually no bubbles and less gas and spit ups.
bottle that promotes semi-upright feeding and deters ear infections.
natural shape nipple is designed for switching between bottle and breast.
safe for breast milk and 2-end opening for easy and complete cleaning.
comes in light purple, light blue and light green colors.
made of hypoallergenic plastic.
imported.
6.75hx2.25" dia.
colors may varydesigned for babies switching between breast and bottle or transitioning from breast to bottle feedingventaire advanced bottles are easy to clean and come with a leak-proof, breakproof guaranteebpa freemade by playtex - a leader in infant feedingcolors vary: boy-white/green/blue, girl-white/yellow/pink, neutral-white/green/yellow1.
she didn't like the nipples that her older twin brother/sister used.
making the transition from breast to bottle was fairly simple, as long as i heat the bottle of milk up first!
lol2.
bottle is easier to clean.
sure it comes in pieces, but i like the fact that because the bottom comes apart, i can really get the bottles clean.
the bottom of the conventional bottles would never get quite that clean, even when i use those bottle brushes.
the brushes don't get into the crevices on the bottom so there's that thin layer of dried milk or something that's always there.3.
it seems like i don't have to burp her so often, and she doesn't spit up.5.
will definately buy again.
i don't think ventaire can get any better than these!
these are a vast improvement over the previous design!
the disc in the bottom is bigger - it's not a small little flap that can get lost in the dishwasher or even the countertop.
it's a bigger silicone ring, much like the nipple, but the center isn't solid so that the bottom of the bottle can 'breathe' and let air in.
the other advantage is that the bottom silicone ring screws in and fits very well into the bottom ring so it's hard not to get a good seal and create a leak.
i tried these with our daughter who is honestly too old for a bottle just to see what she would say.
she chugs.
not once did she have to stop out of frustration with the flow or to let air in.
i never saw bubbles in the water, either.
it's wide, so younger babies may have problems holding it on their own initially, but for me, that didn't detract from their overall use or awesomeness.from a breastfed-baby standpoint, these are probably not the best idea because, if you hold the bottle upside down, or tilted at an angle similar to what you would for a feeding, the fluid just drips out.
they require very little, if any, actual suction to remove the fluid from the bottle, so it's easy for baby to be lazy with the bottle, and consequently, to want to be a lazy nurser.
while the baby has to work a bit to have an active flow, if baby is sleepy, there will be breastmilk/formula dripping whether baby is sucking or not.i like these better than the dr. brown's version because there are fewer parts and the nipples seem to be more than moms' in design.
this is the only bottle i've used for my baby.
a lot of moms who don't have colicky babies use the bottle because it's such a trustworthy product.
plus, the bottom comes out so you can just use a sponge to clean the bottle.
if you do use a bottle brush (i do sometimes) you don't get sprayed with soap or water as the opening to the bottles are wide enough to prevent the mess.
they came very quickly, well packaged.
i shopped around and every time i do i end up coming back to amazon.
excellent product!
scientific ingenuity at it's best.
i love that playtex always seems to put it's best foot forward when it comes to the health and comfort of our little ones.
my daughter (5 months old) has been exclusively breastfed since she was born because we've been unable to find a bottle that she likes-we tried dr. brown, evenflo, gerber nuk, pretty much every kind we could find, and still no luck.
i thought we'd give these a try since the nipple is wide and short (more similar to the "real thing") and she will now take a bottle!
they come apart easily (into 4 pieces: nipple, bottle, bottom air vent, bottom ring to hold the air vent on) and are a lot easier to clean than some of the other types of bottles we've had that have a lot of smaller pieces.
overall, i'm very satisfied with these and would definitely recommend these bottles to any nipple picky baby!
this has a few 'moving parts' but easily assembled and washed.
it does seem to reduce the baby's gas problems.
they interchange with the the nipples on the playtex drop in bag system, too.
the best feature is the size, as you can get 7 ounces in it, but is short and squat and easier for the baby to hold onto.
there are so many types and styles and brands of bottles on the market now that it's hard to know which to try and use - often it's dictated by what your baby chooses and works best for them.
we tried many styles/brands of bottles and the playtex ventaire bottles worked best for us and our daughter - we definitely noticed a lot less spitting up when we used these bottles.the design of the bottle easily reduces the amount of air that baby consumes, and when assembled properly there are no issues with leaks whatsoever.
the wider nipple base makes it easier for babies who are transitioning from breast to bottle, and you can purchase nipples with a different flow rate so you don't have to purchase new bottles as your baby's needs advance.i love that playtex now makes their products bpa free, it's just one more thing to love about their products.as with any of the newer style bottles that are designed to reduce spit-up/colic/gas there are a few extra bottle parts to clean and assemble - with these bottles it is he vent piece that goes in the bottom of the bottle, and the plastic ring that holds it into place.
my daughter didn't like these to much, but she did burp less with these.
if your transitioning from breast to bottle don't use these that's where i messed up at
these bottles are the best i have used.
i used avent bottles before and they were horrible with leaking, but the playtex ventaire bottles solve that problem.
i've found this has helped my baby as we switch between breast and bottle feeding.
first off, this particular bottle set came with fast flow nipples.
my baby had mild colic (unable to bf, so he's a formula baby) and after trying avent, evenflo and mam, found that these bottom-venting bottles worked the best for reducing air bubbles in my baby.
this is my third baby.
when a couple has a baby, it opens up a whole new range of possibilities and choices, the vast majority of them on uncharted territory.
when it comes to feeding the little guy and a bottle is needed, my niece had gas trouble with the original nipple for the bottle.
but since she got these, the baby is less gaseous, happier, and that means his parents sleep a little better at night.
this now is her preferred brand, thanks to the vine program.
i've used these bottles for all three of my kids as they are the only thing i've found that most closely resemble the breast.
we've all read about nipple confusion and it concerned me since my kids attend daycare and i still nurse when i'm with them.
all three of my kids took to this bottle with no issues and i like that you can take them completely apart for cleaning.
i tried some of the originals of this product when they hit the market.
we had a very colicky baby and tried anything we could to help her.
including these overpriced bottles.the good:the do drastically reduce gas compared to standard bottles.they are easy to sanitize since they can be disassembled.they come in really pretty colors.the newer models seem to have better rubber rings that the first design.the bad:there are other bottles that do a better job of reducing gas.they are a pain in the butt to clean.
these are my babies preferred bottles.
he has gerd and these don't bother him.
we tried the regular size but when he was younger it created some bad habits for when he nursed.these wide nipples keeping him latching correctly.
it's a nice touch that they are bpa free.
dr. brown's bottles didn't solve the gas issue, but neither did playtex vent aire.
aside from the fancy name, playtex did not reduce baby's painful gas (from breast milk).
also, the bottom can leak if not forcefully tightened - i lost 2 ounces of precious breast milk with these lousy playtex bottles which were recommended by the women's clinic.
for people who produce little breast milk, losing 2 ounces is like losing large 24 karat gold nuggets in the sink.
i think that i heard the venting taking place once when playtex vent aire was dry.
since then, even when dry, i rarely hear the venting of air.
all playtex does is make you vent your frustrations in the product reviews.
these bottle were tested out on my 6 mo old grandson.
they leaked around his mouth and did not pressure equalize as well as the non-bpa bottles he has been using.
what distinguishes these is that they are supposed to prevent gas and colic.
while these may be doing something, the results are not miraculous as gas/colic is an issue we still experience.we never experienced leaking with these bottles and do not think there are any disadvantages that these bottles have to others out there.
the shape of the bottle is a little different too, but that really didn't make it any easier or more difficult in any way for us, so that was more of a style difference than anything else.
we have tried both the wide bottles and the smaller kind, and they both work the same.
i am glad i didn't spend the money on them because the instructions warn not to use them in an electric bottle warmer.
we all know you aren't supposed to microwave bottles either, so you are left with the only other option, placing the bottle in boiling water to warm.
that works fine except when you tip the bottle up to feed the baby, the boiling hot water that has been trapped in the vent holes drips down your hand/arm, and potentially onto the baby!
now i have to remember every time to make sure i get a towel and shake the bottle a little to make sure all the vent holes are emptied out before feeding our baby.
they haven't helped at all, and one of them leaks like crazy all over the place.
i will be calling playtex to request a refund.
my child has not had much gas since using this product.
it is easy to clean as the parts come apart simply.
the angled neck is easy for me to hold while my baby is sitting up and prevents excessive gas in her stomach.
also, it's a great price compared to other well-known bpa free bottles (some of which were $10 per bottle).
the only word that comes to mind to describe this bottle is garbage!
it leaks and is cheaply made.
i'm a nurse and used to working with all types of equipment and i know junk when i see it.
all babies get gas, all babies need to burp.
the bottom line is the basic 99 cent bottle at your local supermarket will do the job!
)a bit frustrating that my pump is not compatible (avent) so i have storage bottles and feeding bottles and somehow i managed to get two systems with lots of little parts but my girl is happy and healthy so it's all worth it!
i received the neutral kit that included green and yellow bottles that would be appropriate for either a boy or girl.
you get three 9 ounce bottles with fast flow nipples.
the nipples are also supposed to be naturally shaped to aid in breastfeeding, but my baby is exclusively fed pumped milk, so i cannot attest to that ability.the bottles are different because of the ventaire technology.
make sure you twist the bottom on correctly, or milk will leak.
they are a little stiff, but after more use it is easier to twist them off and on.
i saw bubbles popping and could hear the air escaping while my baby ate.
this helps reduce gas and supposedly colic.
i have also used avent, and they are good, but i do believe the ventaire technology has made my baby less gassy and less fussy.
i primarily breastfeed my kiddos, but i like to keep a few bottles on hand to help when i'm not around.
there are several little pieces that are part of these bottles, but they seem to do a good job of limiting gas, etc.
all i can say is that these have been perfect for us.
no spills.
no bad seals.
i would rate the ventaire system 6 stars if i could.
i ordered these bottles because they claim to alleviate gaseiness, my 3 month old had horrible gas issues.
i used these bottles for over a month, and her gaseiness was gone.
these bottles are horrible, first i got only two of this brand because of an emergency since i've always used dr. browns but they got contaminated in the dishwasher, so i had to run and get at least two of this meanwhile cause dr. browns wide neck are hard to find at retailers in my area, so we used these two bottles for 2 days first they come with fast flow wich is waaay to fast for my little guy and i would say any other baby younger than 6 months old, so i decided to get two nipples medium flow, guess what still fast, specially if you have a gassy baby, then in the last try i got the slow flow and guess what again, tooooo slow, it was like a nightmare, i had to use the small 4ozs dr. browns i had at home wich my baby is already drinking 5 ozs so...
these playtex bottles leak horrible, and when you place them in the bottle warmer even worse because they get water in middle of the bottom rim, so they will be leaking anyways, for the amount of parts to clean up, i did not mind i'm used to it, cause i've always used dr. browns wich have several parts, these playtex bottles got my baby full of gas wich defeats the porpouse of them bottles, they make so much bubbles in the nipples you can see and hear them, and the last thing is the nipple collapses so bad my baby stoped getting the flow and the nipples are really hard.
bottom line, i ordered my 3 set of dr. browns wide neck shipping next day and i'll be ordering a second set very soon.
the bottles don't leak, they're easy to clean, and the nipple is much better than most other baby bottles.
they also have a nice shape and they look pretty nice too.my one major complaint is about the way the product comes packaged.
it does not include extra nipples.
basically this product gives you three 9 ounce bottles for about $12 (current price).
for only $20, you can get theplaytex ventaire advanced bpa free wide bottle newborn starter set, which includes five bottles, several extra nipples of different sizes, extra bottle caps, and extra vent disks.
the newborn starter kit is a much better value.
on the other hand, if you just want a few bottles plain and simple, this is definitely the product to buy.
the design seemed pretty neat with the whole angled idea and the vented bottom, however if you are the one stuck washing bottles at the end of the day don't buy these.
there are too many parts.
mom loved these but with other more high-tech bottles, it takes a while to get into "the zone."
following the directions is important and it takes a little practice.
she said it was a little frustrating at first but once both mom and baby got it figured out, feedings went well.
i have a six month old, and we're transitioning into solid foods and into faster-flow bottles, as he no longer needs the slow flow bottles he's been using.
i obtained these bottles through the amazon vine program, and am deciding whether i'll just use these, or if i'll buy the medium-nippled bottles in the medala line, as we've been using those bottles for months 1-6.i'll probably buy the medala ones.
these just don't feel like anything special.
my baby isn't particularly picky; he'll drink from anything, so, for me, it's about 1) how easy is it to clean; and 2) how easy is it to hold?
i don't see how this curved design will help him do that.
and there's been no benefit in my comfort level in holding them while he drinks, so i don't see that as a benefit.
and they are unnecessarily hard to clean.
the bottoms come off, and if there's a benefit to that (less gas, less fussiness), i haven't located it - these are just harder to clean with no demonstrative benefit.so i'm just going to pack these away for now and buy the 8 ounce medala bottles for his feedings.
it just makes more since to me to continue with a product i already know.
i love the vent-air bottles - tthat has been all we have been using for months now.
he hated the nipple on the bottle.
i love how it comes apart becasue it makes it so easy to clean.
it is kind of hard to hold becasue it is so wide though.
i can't take off too many stars for my son's personal preference but just because a baby likes one natural nipple doesn't mean he will like another.
makes it easy for him to go from bottle to breast with no problems.
the angled bottle makes it easy to feed letting in no air.
i have never had a problem with leaking, those that do might not tighten the parts enough.
there are about 5 parts total to the bottle, but it is very easy to take apart and clean with no special tool needed.
i only give 4 stars because they don't sell the the little vent disk that goes in the bottom of the bottle seperatly.
it does come with two extra disks, but might be helpful to also sell extra disks at the store.
i used these for literally a few days after my son was born.
then i switched back to the bottles my daughter had used a couple years prior.
they leaked everywhere, the nipples were flimsy and my son had the hardest time trying to get anything out of them.
i had to switch him to the larger stage and still he had problems.
playtex makes decent sippy cups but their bottles are useless.
i started with dr. browns bottles but since i don't have a dishwasher i was ready to shoot myself when cleaning them.
these are so much better.super easy to clean (i just soak everything in the sink with hot water, dish soap and a little white vinegar) and the bent angle has been great.
my baby is a super fast eater and i can actually slow him down by twisting the bottle while in his mouth after a few gulps and letting him suck on the empty nipple, then twist back again to give him a little more, repeat the process until he's done.
he has a fit if you take the bottle out of his mouth.
i thought that would make him super gassy but it hasn't at all.i haven't had any leaks (i have 12 bottles) and i even use a warmer although they recommend not using one.
i found the condensation from the warmer does collect in the bottom lid gap but i just cap the bottle, turn upside and tap the bottom on a kitchen towel to get the excess water out.highly recommend these if you have a fast eater!
just what this type a mom needed to organize the closet.
decided to go with the sage and it looked like a light green online but when we received it, it was a different darker green than what is shown.
besides the color i'd recommend this product.
i have quite a few clothes that needed sorting and baby isn't due for another 8 weeks but once baby gets here i didn't want hubby to just go in and pick anything, thus the need for clothes organizers.
i'm sure if it wasn't for husbands there really would be no need for these.
:)
these have been really fantastic.
i can easily look in baby's closet and see how much and what types of clothes i have for each age group.
you often think you have more than enough clothes but then realize you only have snow suits and long sleeve onesies for your 6 month only in july.
i can easily plan ahead and get the right clothes on sale instead of having to go grab full price clothes at the last minute because baby is overheating in the summer.
i just didn't realize that i'd probably be putting most of baby's clothes in the dresser at first...so there's not much in the closet to actually organize.
i have also since seen some pretty neat do-it-yourself ideas to achieve the same goal that you could come up with.as for the actual product, it comes with 5 hanging tags and then a bunch of label stickers to stick on them.
(the labels being: newborn, 3 month, 6 month, etc...up to 24 month.)
so even though there's only 5 tags, you can put a new sticker over top of the old one as baby grows.
the tags are also reversible and can be labeled on each side.
a friend recommended i get this and i am really glad she did.
i kept all my baby's clothes organized and also helped me see what he need/had not worn yet.
i received tons of clothes at my shower and these really did help me organize all of it before my baby came and organization was out of the question.
its everything i was expecting!
i loved how its really easy to just peel off the sticker sizes and could re-use as your baby grows.
this product has helped me keep my son's closet organized as he grows.
i bought these in yellow because they were cheaper than the others.
i am glad i did.
they stand out against the hangers and clothes so i can see them.
i am thinking about buying another set because we have a closet organizer and i had to pick which racks i could use them.
good problem to have.
i feel like my babies closet is a rack in a department store.
i wish i had purchased this product before my baby shower!
as soon as my daughter was born, i found myself with a closet full of clothes, and no real way to organize them.
my husband was constantly looking in the wrong section for an outfit, and it was just chaos!
now, with these simple little markers, i feel completely organized, and i can easily sort out her outfits, so there is no excuse not to be able to grab her an outfit quickly.
this is a must have for all new, and really any mom!
we received so many clothes it was hard to see which ones i had to use before she grew out of that size.
the sizes go up to 2t and beyond!
i placed nb, 3mth, etc stickers on one size, and then larger sizes stickers on back of nb hanger (once nb clothing retires, flip around to use as an 18month marker)
i love this product.
this is a great product to help keep your baby's closet organized, newborn to 12 months old.now if only the different baby clothes brands could sync up their sizes!!!!
even when you organize your closet using these spacers, when you eventually do come to that "bigger size" you may find it won't fit your baby because of different brand measurements!my tip would be to correlate these hangers to your baby's age, not the size on the clothing tag.
then once every few weeks go through your closet (all clothes) and see how each item would fit your baby and arrange accordingly.
they are easy to use but hard to see the numbers once in the closet.
i think i would have been better off with the ones where the dividers show on the side
these are helpful to keep the different clothes sorted by size so you can put clothes of many sizes in the closet without getting them mixed up and making it easier to locate.
got exactly what i wanted in this product.
i dont know what kind of crazy closet bar we have, i know it is new and was purchased at a hardware store...and these do not fit.
i really like that too =/
just bought this the other day and got them in and already have them hung in my little girls closet!
after my baby shower, i received so many baby clothes of different sizes.
these organizers made my job easier with hanging and finding baby clothes at the correct size.
i'm glad i bought these and it would be really helpful if the hubs would actually read the labels so i wouldn't have to reorganize every week...
i will be using these until my son is two and then i'll have to buy some more!
so cute, organizes the closet so i can easily see where the certain sizes are.
we got a ton of hand me down clothes and have a closet full of clothes ranging from newborn to 2 years old.
it is it is.
two stickers are provided for each of several sizes.
these look great in the closet and do what they do: organize clothing by size.
i just wished it was wider to fit more loosely on my closet rod.
it fits kind of tight on my thick closet rod.we have a custom thick hanging rod, so it doesn't run smoothly.but i'm sure it will fit fine in standard closets.it's a great organizing tool!
i love that it pops up on top of the rod so i can see what it says.
i'm disappointed that the stickers that come with it are &#34;3 months&#34; &#34;6 months&#34; etc.
rather than &#34;0-3 months&#34; and &#34;3-6 months.&#34;  many clothes are like this these days as well and it's not very helpful for us.
they tend to not slide very well on our older, metal rods (they are also thicker than most newer rods) but i'm positive this would not be a problem on a plastic tension rod or something of the sort--just gets stuck on the metal i think!
the color is a bit more earthy and darker than pictured but it really doesn't matter and they are working out fine.update: they really are not good on wooden rods as they barely fit and have to be forced if you want to move them at all.
they help me keep the 4 year old from wearing pants 4 inches too long, and the 6 year old from wearing high-waters.
and since getting them, not once has my husband dressed either of our older boys in the toddler's clothes!
compatability - easily slips over the metal hanging rod of our closet, but is made to fit even the higher quality wooden dowel-type closet rods.3.
functionality - though set comes with five organizers, stickers are included up unto size 8 for children's clothes.
quality - plastic is bendable to get over a clothes dowel, but not to the point of creating weakness in the plastic or breaking.
obviously, it will break if abused, but product has enough give to be put on and taken off dowel repeatedly.i have been given a ton of baby clothes for my baby girl and this tool is a great way to organize all the cute outfits by size so that she does not grow out of a size before she can wear the outfit.
they are big enough to be noticeable up above the clothes but not too big as to interfere with the shelf above the hanging clothes rack.
i highly recommend this product to any expectant parent who enjoys having everything organized!
i got these after we announced we were pregnant to help keep track of all of those awesome gifted baby clothes.
it was super easy to see what we had, and as folks asked what we needed, i was able to say &#34;more 6 months clothes&#34;.
i realized very early on that i was receiving so many different sized clothes for my new baby girl that i couldn't keep track of how many pieces of clothing i had in each size.
i purchased these dividers thinking i was being silly to go to this extent of organization!
but as soon as i received them and put them in the closet i realized how much easier it was to keep track of what i had in each size.
i probably never would have noticed otherwise that i was desperately short of newborn sized clothing before it was too late!
i had previously just been looking at the total amount in the closet and thinking i was doing good on the clothing supply.
because i received so many larger sized clothes from recent new mom friends and shower gifts i was running out of room for smaller sizes so my next purchase is a closet doubler (see my link).organize it all 1346w closet doubler, chromei think these two products will compliment each other very well!
only complaint is that if you use these in a closet with a shelf above the bar they may not fit completely as the tops of the dividers are very high.
my son keeps accidentally throwing his spoons away with his yogurt, so these are replacements and i am glad to not have to invest too much for them!
i bought these because they were cheap and provided plenty spoons for your money.
they hold up well, even in the dishwasher with hot temperatures.
we keep them for a year or longer.
a great product, well-made and well-priced.
they're titled &#34;take & toss&#34;.
the &#34;take' makes sense as they are inexpensive and loosing one would be merely inconvenient.
a nice product.
i have these for my diaper bag and sometimes i toss them, but sometimes i mix them up with the other spoons and put them in the dishwasher.
these are almost too nice to &#34;toss&#34;, unless you really had to.
dishwasher safe but also don't feel bad about throwing them away is the end up in some far corner of the couch.
now i keep a few extras in the car, diaper bag, etc.
for when i inevitably forget a regular spoon.they're the perfect size for little mouths and great to swap in when someone wants to just teethe on the spoon instead of eating.
(my other spoons have metal handles.
)also, the handles are easier for me to hold than the flat metal ones - the contours give me a better grip.we're starting to try to get her to feed herself and i'm offering her these and the toddler-sized take-and-toss spoons to use.
so far?
;)
they can be washed over and over in the dishwasher and at the same time, can be thrown away without guilt when out and about as they are so cheap.
i got these spoons for a trip and planned to throw them away but like them so much i had to keep some of them, and plan to buy more if we ever run out.
they are thicker and more durable than i expected and fit great in the diaper bag, yet the handles aren't too short to use them as an everyday spoon.
they go through the dishwasher fine.
i have twin babies and needed a lot of spoons that were small enough for little mouths., price was great.the handle is not too deep so they do fit in the funny little slots of my silverware holder in the dishwasher.
so all in all just right .
i love that i don't have to worry about pitching them, if we are out somewhere and it's easiest to do so.
i would not throw them away if i don't have to.
they were super affordable and they are a great sized spoon fir my 5mo olds mouth.
they washed really well in the dishwasher because they are thicker and sturdier.
i was worried they would melt, but they did great!
once my kiddo got up to three meals a day, we were going through the spoons so fast we were constantly running out.
for the same price as the munchkin spoons, we got 16 of these!
these are smaller so they fit better in his little hand.
and with the amount that you get, if you lose one or two, it's no great loss.
if we'd started with these, we'd have been fully stocked from the start!
love these spoons- lots to have and toss in the lunch box for the day.
don't have to worry about washing every day, can just throw in the dishwasher and then there are plenty in the reserve to use.
16 pieces seems excessive until one drops on the floor, one is thrown, he'll want to hold one and feed himself, etc.
we were gone 5 days which included a 12 hour drive there and back.
these spoons were great!!
the size was perfect, they were sturdy and not flimsy or cheap like an adult disposable spoon.
and the price was great to be able to feed him either in the car or at a restaurant and just throw away the spoon and not worry about washing/rinsing them and re-packing them.
these are really light too, unlike the spoons that have metal conponents.
don't go with the more expensive spoons.
i bought one set and it's lasted me over 6 months.
best for ages 6mo-10mo, after that they bite too much and want more substantial spoon.
these spoons are incredibly easy to clean (nothing sticks to them!
we love these, and they're a great way to save money!
you get a lot of spoons for a low price, and they are durable yet don't hurt my baby's teeth when he wants to chew on one, and he also can't chew threw them because they are thick and sturdy.
i love these so much more than those metal spoons with the rubberized ends that occasionally hurt my baby's mouth when he bites in too far or the edge catches his gums.
these spoons are keepers, and i will order more if i end up losing too many :)
nice and shallow, easy to use, plus easy for my daughter to hold.
you get so many for a great price and they're not cheap either.
plus, like everyone else is saying - no need to toss, they can easily be washed over and over again.
they are light weight, easy to hold small amounts of pur&eacute;ed food and i love that they are dishwasher safe.
the package claims top rack safe, but i have been able to wash them with the rest of the silverware on the bottom.
these spoons are great, i keep a few in a diaper bag, a few at grandmas - etc.
i give one to my son as i feed him.
i was surprised when some said they used them as disposable baby spoons.
the plastic used to make them is pretty sturdy so i would definitely re-use them.
and since it's a 16-pack they will last me for a long while.
not to mention it's a great deal :dneedless to say, i would absolutely recommend this product to any parent.
you can't beat the price.
i purchased these to take with me on day/ weekend trips.
they were cheap enough so that i wouldn't be upset if i ever lost one.they are much sturdier than i expected for something considered &#34;toss-able.&#34;  i have washed these in my dishwasher twice already and they are holding up great.
there are no unsightly scratches or discoloring.my pack arrived with blue, green, purple, yellow, orange and pink spoons.
i would not recommend these spoons for children over the age of 2.the product arrived at my door in 5 days.
it is great in my car, and we have had no problems.
since the car seat is in the middle, there is no head rest to attach it to, and so we have is all rigged up with bungie cords to keep is secure.
even so, it is still better than the other mirror we tried initially.
i bought this mirror because it was far larger than the adjustable suction-cup mirror i had on the rear windshield of my car.
i discovered negative #1 in the store: it uses a giant safety pin (as well as a strap) to attach to the seatback.
my car has a leather interior, and the last thing i wanted to do was poke holes in the leather!
i tried just using the strap, but that is supposed to go around the headrest, and there is no headrest for the center of the backseat, just the right and left sides.
since the safest place for a baby is in the headrest-less center, the strap was out.
there was also a velcro tape that we could use to stick the mirror onto the seatback.
the negatives there were a) sticky glue residue on the leather and b) when we need to fold down the rear seat for transporting bikes or something equally large, the rear seat would fold precisely right down where the mirror would be, so we'd be constantly removing it and the velcro tape and then reattaching it.
highly impractical for any vehicle with a leather interior or with a rear seat that folds down in the middle.
i suppose it's okay for a fabric-covered seat or for  a small car that doesn't have fold-down rear seats, but for an suv or minivan it's really not usable.
after buying and returning no fewer than 4 different mirrors for our car, this one finally made the cut.
the problem is, it won't stay in place no matter how tightly you adjust the straps.
we wound up having to put two jumbo baby diaper pins into the headrest and secure the straps that way.
we're expecting baby #2 soon and will purchase one more of these since they do work well, so just make sure you get those pins to go along with it!
i purchased this mirror because it looked like a great way to keep an eye on the kids while on the road... well, it's a great size, it's very clear, and i love the pattern on it... but it won't stay put!!
i am constantly adjusting this mirror!
this is a hastle because you have to adjust it, then get into the drivers seat and check it and re-adjust if necessary and when you go to look back at the kids and it's not in the right spot it can be frustrating!
however, i have adjusted mine to where i want it (hooked to the top teather) and velcroed it in place... it seems to stay pretty much where i need it now.
i gave it four stars because it does the job (now!
our car does not have a middle headrest and we have leather seats, so if i had read these reviews first, i might not have registered for this mirror.
i'm certainly glad that i have it now!
my husband rigged it up on one of the side seat headrests without too much trouble and it works just fine.
if your car is like mine, be prepared for some fiddling, but it will work.
it's on there very securely and hasn't moved in the three months we've had it.i love being able to glimpse at my son when we are driving around, just to see how/what he is doing.
a friend of mine doesn't have the mirror and she turns around at every stop to check on her son (we can't help it - we're first time moms).by the way, we were concerned about it becoming a projectile in a crash, but, when we had the carseat installation checked by our insurance company, they said it was secure enough and not to worry.
especially if it kept me from turning around in my seat every few minutes!
when we first purchased and installed this mirror, it was a god-send!
we felt so much better being able to see our son without pulling over or, worse, wrecking the car.
the mirror was easy to install in our jeep grand cherokee and we liked that there were no extra lights, sounds or cartoon characters.now...after a few sneezes in the carseat, the mirror was covered with spots.
we tried to clean it, but the whole surface just smeared!
now the mirror is useless and i'm not very happy at all about having to replace it.just be careful.....don't clean it if it's not absolutely necessary, and then be ready for permanent smears.
i bought this mirror when our daughter was a few weeks old and i don't see how i lived without it when i had my first two boys.
i had a little trouble getting the mirror to attach correctly but once i got it to stay, it is a lifesaver!
it is worth every penny!
this is ok.. its really hard to position and in a smaller car isnt really worth it.
i would return it but i already threw away the thing it came in...
it's good in a suv or something like that so i use it in my mom's blazer and it works good...
sometimes he grabs on it for stability and then he would fall.
this stove guard is a little flimsy.
he can yank it and still get to the stove.
so we just keep him in another room when we are cooking.
out kitchen is odd shape so child proof gates don't fit.
i think if or baby is not that strong and tall, this would probably work great.
it does come with quality 3m tape,  but that could not hold the weight.
instead i will just velcro it on with my heavy duty velcro.
again, the design is ideal, it just needs to remain in place, and i am confident i can get to stick.
this is a good enough idea, but it doesn't work.
i just got this a few days ago and it does not stay on.
it falls off about 3 times a day.
if i use the oven it falls off within minutes.
my son is tall, and was reaching up for pans, and is now unable to get to them.
i am very pleased with this product.
i used it for a few days  and i felt very safe but as soon as i washed the stove the 3m stickies came off.
i was very disappointed.
thinking of getting more stickies to try it out again.
however, the other is still holding strong, so i don't know if it was the heat or if it got pushed/pulled too often.
i'm buying some 3m vhb tape from amazon and will give it a second try.as far as installation, the clips were a little hard to get onto the shields at first, but it's easy to adjust the width to fit your range.overall, i'd say it's worth the price compared to the other options i've found.
it worked well for a few weeks then the adhesive wore off and quit sticking.
now it is just a crappy piece of plastic.
this product is three pieces of rectangular plastic that fit side by side and overlap a bit.
$20 for this?
pretty steep.
it sticks out from the oven at a 45 degree angle all the time.
so when you're walking through the kitchen it's in the way, even if you're not cooking.
it gets hot!
so when the baby reaches up and touches it, it's not cool to the touch.does it keep him from putting his hand on the hot burners?
yes, but other than that it's a pretty poor design in my opinion.
would not buy again.
i have tried several stove guards, and this seems like the only one that might work, but i don't think the adhesive will last very long.
i'm confused by all the bad reviews as the tape on this product stuck to the surface of our stainless steel stovetop for over 5 years before i removed it with a razor blade!
i'm here again to buy a new one because we have a new toddler in the house who nearly grab a pan yesterday (super scary moment there!)!
i do recommend this product!
i do plan to use some rubbing alcohol to clean the stovetop edge where i plan to put the tape.
maybe that's what did it last time (?)
after my child started walking i was really nervous they were going to reach up and touch the grate - not now!
come off really easy out of their brackets to clean.
would recommend if you want a little extra security around the stove!
this lock installed in ten seconds and sticks in place no problem.
great purchase, would recommend to anyone with kids.
sidenote: amazon prompted the rating of the educational value and 'fun' value of this item and would not allow the review without it.
clearly it is not a toy, nor is there educational value.
be sure to use the sealing discs between this and the bottle or milk will get everywhere!
i'm sure the product is fine, however, it doesn't fit the first years breastflow bottles as i had hoped.
hopefully i can help out another mom by posting this review.
i couldn't find any information anywhere about whether it would fit the breastflow bottles, so i went ahead and ordered this.
it turns out they do not fit.
not even close.
these converters worked perfectly with my medela swing breast pump and my medela pump in style.
i loved not having to transfer milk from one bottle to another.
so much more convenient to pump directly into normal 4/9oz bottles!
now i can pump right into my bottles with my medela pump.
you do need the adapter rings that come with the bottles though.
wish i would have realized that the first time because i leaked.
one thing to point out in particular, you get two sets.
there is no need to purchase two if you double pump.
i made that mistake.
i have used these many times and i have not any leaking problems.
although, i did listen to other reviews and i do use the blue sealing disk when using the avent bottles that require them.
the plastic is heavy duty and prevent from having to purchase the bottles that go with your machine specifically which can be expensive.
they have saved me a lot if time too.
previously, i would pump into medela bottles, then pour into avent to feed.
now i have one less bottle to wash every time i pump.
i would definitely buy again.
i really, really needed this conversion kit to work so that i can cut down on the amount of hand washing i do each day.
after reading other reviewers comment they used it with their medela pumps, i was hopeful.
sadly, while this kit does in fact work on one end with the medela pumping parts, it does not work on the other end with my born free glass bottles.
while the width seems like it would work with the wide-mouth glass bottles, the parts are simply not threaded the same.
i love this product!
it really cuts down on the amount of time it takes to make my baby's bottles now because i can pump directly into her bottles.
it also cuts down on the wasted breast milk since i pump right into what she feeds from.
i use this with the medela pump in style advance.
make sure when you buy this product it comes with two of each of the adapter rings.
the old conversion set only came with one of each since ring.
this has two for the bottles and two for the via nursers.
i use these with my medela pump.
i didn't want to buy medela nipples and rings.
now i pump right into bottle and don't use bags.
so much easier!
i use this to pump with mypump in style advanced breast pump backpackand pump directly into my avent bottles.
so glad i got this because i was sick of pumping into the medela bottles came with my pump & then transferring the milk into the avent bottles so giving me extra bottles to wash all the time!
just make sure you still use the ring to seal the converter to your bottle or you will spill your milk everywhere!
i learned that the hard way!
i was so hoping this would work with the drop ins bottles so i could pump right into the drop ins, but no.
it was a waste of money for me but i'm sure a dandy product.
i use this with my medela to pump directly into the avent bottles.
as another reviewer has mentioned, the nipples on the medela bottle tend to collapse.
i definitely recommend getting some extraphilips avent adaptor bottle rings(to prevents leaks) - they're small and easy to lose.
i bought these so that i can attach my avent bottles directly to my medela breast pump.
it connects perfectly and makes it easy for me to pump direct into the bottle rather than having to transfer the milk from container to container and risk contaminating it.
i also like that it came with adaptors for the avent via breastmilk storage containers as i use those as well.
it is great for pumping  with my medela pump, but i lost a lot of breast milk by capping it and transporting.
it does the job that i wanted it to do...which is to fit a medela pump and pump directly into an avent bottle.
however, i noticed that milk leaks to the outside of the bottle while pumping.
this has happened quite a few times, which is very disappointing.
in retrospect, i missed something that was pretty obvious, but i wish there were some instructions that specified this.
i hated switching from a standard bottle to the avent bottle and now i can just pop an avent bottle on my original pump.
i am going to clear out all of my "normal" bottles and only have the avent bottles in the house.
this is going to clear up so much space.
glad i got this, made it possible to pump directly into my avent bottles rather than the smaller ones that came with the pump.
the products work as described with no leaking and attach easily to my medela pump.
love that you can buy the avent in a two pack for your double pump.
i had to buy the tommee tippee converters individually.
i have been using one of the two types of conversion cap for my medela pump and avent glass bottle and it fits well.
i am knocking off 2 stars because milk leaks out if the bottle is tipped.
also wish that the 2 different rings were sold separately, i have no use for the other type.
this is an excellent accessory to get along with any avent breast pump and/or avent bottles.
save time and trouble!
this conversion kit allows me to pump into the large 9 oz avent bottles, which is very helpful as the medela bottles only allow up to 6 oz.
i used these to pump into avent bottles with my medela pump.
i haven't had any issues with leaking.
we ended up not using avent bottles, but i still use these with an avent bottle set to pump and transport milk between work and home.
bought these because we were using a medela pump and philips bottles.
of course the breast pump and bottle industry can't make it easy for everything to work together.
these adapters fit great onto the pump and the philips bottles.
don't feel forced to buy all new bottles or a brand new pump just to make your system work!
seemed like a great kit, but unfortunately, we never ended up using it bc our daughter would only take playtex drop-ins bottles.
wow!
i can't believe it took me 2 months to find there but i'm so glad that i did.
i am an exclusive pumper so my breast pump and i have become best friends since the birth of my son.
i used to pump into the medela bottles that came with my pump then dump into my avent bottles.
however my son takes 6 oz bottles and sometimes each one of my breasts will produce up to 10 oz.
so before these converters i had to stop pumping, dump out, blah blah blah it took forever and i always spilled at least a little bit and it interrupted my flow of milk.
now that i can pump directly into the bottles i am getting significantly more milk in less time.
also i have a ton less dishes to was and store since i have eliminated the medela storage bottles.
i only use the smaller adapters that come in this set.
so i don't think it's necesary to send both.
we should be able to buy just the ones we need.also, when i first started using these, the milk would flow out between the adapter and the bottle, since it has threads that don't go all the way around, causing it to leak down the side of the bottle.
it would be better if avent just made the threads go all the way around...
but i did figure out how to keep it from happening, and haven't had any problems since.
i use medela parts, so for my equipment i'm referring the little yellow valve piece with the white silicone flapper...
i aim the white flapper so that it lines up and directly faces one of the four sets of threads.
if the flapper is aimed anywhere in between those threads, then it can get up inbetween and escape out.
if it sprays out the flapper up against the threads, however, then it is forced down into the bottle.i hope i described this well enough...
it's hard without a picture :/
these worked with the medela breast pump.
okay, so you're probably wondering why i'm so excited about a simple product like this, huh?
the answer is simple - this is a great, almost mandatory, accessory for breast pumping.
our children are and have always been fed with exclusively breast milk.
during those feedings when my wife can't feed them directly, she pumps and we feed them refrigerated (or frozen) milk.
we think these are great - and would be a great value at several times the price!
if you use avent bottles, this is soooo convenient :) i highly recommend this product, i can pump directly to my pes bottles.
honestly, i love my avent bottles, however i did not love my avent pump!
after returning my avent pump and realizing that i would have to go with a different brand i immediately bought these.
i rented the medela hospital pump and these worked perfectly.
much better than having to buy additional bottles just for pumping.
i only used these with the hospital pump so i don't know how well they work with other brands.
as other reviews have mentioned, there was no instruction manual, but really you just screw on the top of the avent bottle and screw into the bottom of the pump system - very easy.
i would completely recommend these if you plan on using avent bottles without the avent pump.
i use it with a set of avent storage bottles (many nipple fit on them) and my rented medela symphony pump.
there are 2 plastic convertors in the kit but i only use 2.
no leaks, easy to clean, works just like the description claimed.
the box specifically states the brands of pumps it supposedly fits, but i could not get the threading to fit on my lansinoh pump.
i am currently using the adapters to connect my medela symphony kit to my avent bottles.cons:1.
the adapters leak where it screws into the bottle.
it is very annoying to pump and still leak milk all over your clothes.pros:1.
it can be used with medela kits.
i put the bottle caps on that come with the bottles & tops that fit the storage containers on as soon as i'm done pumping.
if my milk is nearing the top of the bottle/container while pumping, i switch out bottles.
but while pumping, i've experienced no leakage.
i am an exclusive pumper, going on two months now, and have an oversupply "problem."
i pump with a hands-free bra on the way to/from work.
after overflowing one of the ameda bottles in a very messy drive home, i decided i needed to pump into bigger bottles.
i feed my daughter with avent bottles and these have allowed me to pump directly into a 9oz bottle for feedings.
i love the idea of these.
but, i've gotten pretty tired of washing all my pump parts by hand nightly, that these have just added a bit more work to the nightly washing routine.
also, i end up pumping more than the 5 ounces that my avent bottles hold, so i end up having to transfer the milk and pouring into another container anyway, so it kind of defeated the purpose for me.
i'd rather just pump into my medela collection bottles and pour the correct amount into my avent bottles.
but they are handy to have and i'm sure i'll use them again.
i give five stars because they could save other people a lot of time and washing - just not me.
i think i'd been pumping for 6 months before i found these, which meant i was washing more pump bottles and pump parts every single day.
it was so nice to get these and be able to pump directly into my son's bottles as opposed to the pump bottles that would then have to be poured into his bottles.
less to clean up and less chance for spills.
worked as expected.
easy to place on the pump and bottles.
i love being able to pump directly into bottles instead of having to transfer and dirty more bottles/containers than already necessary.
i hated the avent pump, but loved the bottles.
i hated the medela bottles, but loved the pump.
this solved my problem!i could used the medela pump with the avent bottles now.
so glad i stumbled upon this product!
now i can pump from my pump right into my avent bottles!
saves so much time between transferring to the bottles from the ones that come with the bottle and on cleaning time because there's less to clean.
they should advertise this product better!
i wish i had these with my first.
this kit is a  must have for any mom who is pumping with a medela pisa and using avent bottles to feed your baby.
it's so much easier to use this attachment.
all you have to do is take your avent bottle, place the blue ring as you normally would, screw this conversion cap onto the bottle, then screw in your medela attachment on top of the conversion cap and pump right into your avent bottle.
no more pumping into the smaller medela bottles, then transfering your breastmilk into an avent bottle.
no more washing extra bottles either!
now you can literally pump into it and either feed your child or cap it and store it right in the fridge.
as long as you use the blue ring, there will be no leaks.
just remember to use the blue ring and you'll be good to go!
i've been using it for almost 4 months now, i sterilize it regularly and it shows no signs of warping, cracks, or yellowing.once again, i highly recommend the purchase of this conversion kit for medela moms and avent bottle babies.
it's a time saver and well worth every penny.
i only found this 4 months into pumping and i really wished i had found it sooner, so don't hesitate and just purchase this already.
tell your other mommy friends about this kit too, because there are a ton of moms who would find this attachment quite useful.
these converters work well with the avent standard 4oz bottles that i was given.
i love it that they allow me to pump directly into the bottle, however, you have to be careful, because the milk can leak out of the side of the converter.
these work perfectly, i have never had any issues with leaks or spills.
they work like they're supposed to, though they add a little bulk to the whole process.they are easy to clean and they make most of my bottles and pumps compatible with each other now.
i was looking for something that can let me use my medela pump and pump right into my avent bottles, and found this adaptor to use.
i usually pump and feed right away so this saves me using the medela pump bottles and then pouring into another avent bottle.
the only thing is, you must remember to put the adaptor ring on the avent bottle before you put this adaptor on, if not, it will leak if you don't stay upright.
this package comes with the adaptors for the avent nurser kit too, but i've never use it, and i wish they just sell them separately.
you would figure that using this kit is a no brainer, screw it in and pump right?
there are no instructions that come with the set.
although i guess common sense should have told me to use the ring with the system, i didn't.
the first time i pumped the bottle leaked on me.
so i learned... use the ring!
i am not lowering my rating based on this since it is my error for not using the ring.i also have found that i can pump directly into different brands of storage bags using this connector when i used my medela pump with the very old avent naturally drop-in liner bottles (no longer sold but i occasionally see it on ebay).
the drop-in liner bottles i have were given to me by someone who bought them ten years ago.
these are the drop in bottles that came before the avent tempo drop in bottles.
i do not know if you could pump directly into the avent tempo with any type bags as i have not tried it.
but with the original avent naturally drop in bottles, i can insert any brand storage bag with the zipper below the screw in part, attach the pump connector to secure the bag, and pump directly into a storage bag.
this way i don't have to transfer from bottle to bag.based on the product pictures and product description, i could not figure out a couple things:1.
how many conversion connectors came with this set?this package comes with four connectors, 2 for the regular avent bottles and 2 to fit the via storage system.2.
brown's natural flow electric/manualupdate: 01 april 2012i have been using the adapters for a couple weeks now and have had no leaks when using the ring.
in the mornings i will pump directly into the avent bottles withphilips avent bpa-free classic bottle sealing discsin place to store in the fridge.
that way, my mom can just attach the nipple to the bottles.
no more transferring from the medela bottles (with the awful nipples that collapse due to the vacuum created when the baby drinks).as for pumping directly into storage bags, i have used the nuk, medela, and lansinoh bags with the avent drop-in bottles and find that the lasinoh bags work the best with this system.
i am ordering other types of bags to try... but so far lasinoh bags work the best.
if anyone is interested, i can post a picture of the adapters connected to the drop in bottles with the storage bags.
now i can use my medela pump to express milk and easily store in avent bottles.no more transfer here and there.
this product surely protects my leather seats but my car seat seat slides around on the seat when its in place.
i'm taking mine out of the car today.
i'll try it again when my son moves out of the infant carrier and into the big car seat.
we had our car seats inspected and the police officers doing the inspection said not to use these liners.
they advised us the us to use shelf liner.
i instead purchased the prince lionheart undermat that has the same sort of soft tacky feel as the recommened shelf liner.
i think this is a waste of money.
not very useful.
there are better ones out there.
i have three children so when i saw this product when we had our last child i bought it.
i remembered all of the stains from the first two that we had a terrible time getting out.
this solved our problem.
now the seat stays still and the handy storage is great for extra diapers in case you run out in your diaper bag!
worth every penny!
we used this product under our graco infant carrier car seat base and it worked wonderfully.
not only did the police officer who checked our installation not tell us not to use, he said it was one of the coolest things he'd ever seen.
after he showed me how to really get that base in tight, the seat didn't move it all.
i think we could have lubed the seat with wd40 and it wouldn't have slid around.
at first i thought the coolest thing about it was the mesh container that hangs in front of the seat - a great place to stash used bottles, diapers, etc., but when we recently took the base out to install the next size car seat, we saw a bunch of caked on spit-up and other nastiness that never made it onto the leather, thanks to the under mat!
those having problems may just need to put a little more oomph behind their car seat installation.
they did not grip our leather seats, and actually made the car seat slide around so i took them back, and 3 1/2 years and two more kids later haven't felt like i missed them a bit.
these are unecessary and really a pain.
in case of an accident or a problem with the car seat, using any additional product (such as this mat or an attached fleece covering) may void the warranty of your car seat!
very durable and easy to cleanwarms up milk in about 2-3 minthere's no indicator that shows exactly how warm your milk will be but using common sense and maybe your fingers.... should be enough
excellent product - - very very useful while traveling (there are electric plug points in all restaurants, hotel rooms and at airport gates etc).very useful at home too.
personally, i love this bottle warmer.
you need to watch how much water you put in it; however, because if you put too much water in it and are only making about 2 ounces, you will end up making the water in the bottle too hot for baby to eat.
my husband has done this a few times and has had to put the bottle in the fridge or freezer for a few mins to cool the water down before adding the formula.
this of course is not the products fault but the fault of the person using the warmer.
i am considering purchasing another one so we can have one in our room (instead of getting up and going to the kitchen for late night feedings) and one in the kitchen for daytime feedings.
my husband and i use this product daily.
i had to pump for most of the time i nursed and we had to warm bottles for each feeding.
the water measurer isn't the greatest, it's hard to fill without going over the max line or spilling out.
so i just measured about how many tablespoons of water we needed and kept a glass of water next to the machine.
just scoop out what you need, turn on the machine, and get your baby to stop screaming for food that much quicker.
we've had the product for 7 months and it's still working great.
i would recommend cleaning it out every so often to get rid of hard water build up and such, but it's great!
it is a very good product.pros:- quick and easy to use- warms liquid uniformly- fits bottles of all sizes, including the odd shape tommee tippeecons:- the steam is very hot and picking bottle out during heating can cause burns if not done carefully- no temp control, and thus getting the right temp is a hit and miss and requires trial/error everytime- once the heater switches off, need to wait for 5-10 mins before using a second time (we did find a workaround of pouring cold water to let the element cool which allows immediate reheating)a must have for every nursery and mom whether warming formula or preserved breast milk from the fridge
like other reviewers, i have had nothing but problems with this thing!
the instructions for how much water to add are not right at all.
you have to figure out on your own how much water to use, and then, you can do the exact same thing twice and one time will still be ice cold and the other time burning hot.
there is a little ring piece, which is not attached, and if you lose it, the thing does not work at all since all the steam just escapes!
ours stopped heating consistently after two months of use.
it gets a brown build-up in the bottom, and you can not fit your hand in there to clean it out.
the instructions say to wipe with vinegar periodically, which i have found you actually have to do every day or else you will never get the build up out.
we are switching to munchkin brand bottle warmer now that this one has quit working.
if you want to heat up a bottle for three minutes, you just fill up the water tube to the 3 minute line and pour it in the warmer.
the warmer will shut off automatically after 3 minutes.
heats bottles quickly.
cons: the bottles are extremely hot to the touch and you have to let them cool before comfortably holding them.
getting the bottles warmed to the right temp is a guessing game and seems to change each time.
unfortunately after just three weeks of light use (only feeding baby a bottle when she was still hungry after nursing) the bottle warmer got stuck to the on position and would not shut off causing it to be unusable.
this is much more water-conserving than heating water in the microwave and then putting the bottle in it - the warmer only uses a few teaspoons.
i find that i have trouble getting each bottle to the perfect temperature.
it either under or overheats about half the time.
but it is convenient and compact and it does do it's job even on the wideneck bottles.
wish it came with a travel pouch/carry handle b/c i take it with me for overnight traveling
as a first time mother, i thought this would be a great purchase.
i was wrong!
it takes way too long to heat up, it would be just as fast holding the bottle under hot water.
don't waste your money on this!
we heat up both breast milk and formula in this thing.
we heat it up in plastic bottles, and in glass bottles.
you have to be quite careful to measure out the right amount of water, as it makes all the difference to the temperature.
the bottles do get warmed up with the max water measurement.
for the money it's great.
takes too long to warm bottles which were on the fridge.
actually they somestimes can get too warm and have to be cooled
i have tried a few bottle warmers and this definitely the best.
especially once you consider the price.
it gets the bottle warmer faster than more other warmers.
i have yet to over-heat a bottle (you should always check anyway).
in most cases, you'd have to buy a more expensive bottle warmer just for auto shutoff feature.4-easy to clean and even easier to use.
we use tap water with our warmer and no problem...but we do clean it out every day--quick wipe.
i haven't seeen any residue from using tap water.
also, i've accidentally spilled milk in the warmer and it was a breeze to clean.i would have given this warmer 5 stars except it can be hit or miss with the amount of water you have to add in order to warm the contents.
i usually aim low (just to take the chill out of the milk) so it really doesn't bother me and baby doesn't mind either.
we've been using it for a month and haven't had a single issue with it.
we keep it in the car, which has an outlet in the center console, for when we are out and about and its feeding time.
i was definitely skeptical after reading the mixed reviews for this product but i decided to try it anyway.
it is hard to get the amount of water just right but i really like it anyway.
remember, different bottles will necessitate different amounts of water.
it heats quickly, is small enough to be portable, and is inexpensive.
this bottle warmer is perfect for my husband to use to heat up pumped milk while i'm at work.it's very quick and easy to use, especially when you have a screaming hungry infant!i only recomend to not use it if you are using the playtex nurser inserts, they get way to hot even on the lowest setting.
positives:1.
price2.
heats in minutesnegatives:1.
builds up brown rusty film on bottom which is hard to remove and smells2.
heats up bottle to extreme temperatures sometimes while milk is cold inside
pretty good for price but have to be careful and not touch the top while active, can get burned.
satisfied.
there's better warmers out there but this ones ok. tomme tippee is a better warmer.
and u don't have to deal w/ plugging it in.
we found that it can only heat up one bottle every 10 minutes, which is a real problem when you are trying to heat up two bottles or you mess up the first time, and its too cold or too hot, which is common with this warmer because you are constantly adjusting how much water to put in.
at 3am, this is just too much trouble.
also, it lacks a countdown timer, a memory for how long you needed the warmer the last time, and doesn't have a water reservoir.
you need to try the tem before give it to baby anyway.
i get a brown residue on the bottom, but i attribute that to the water quality, because i get it on my steam sterlizer, which is a different brand.
i read a lot of reviews about other bottle warmers.
some claimed that water would get trapped and were hard to clean.
this one is pretty easy and straight forward.
it will simply warm up any water that's in the compartment.
with that said, if you pour too much or too little water in, that will alter the results.
the only downside for me is that it won't let you warm glass baby bottles.
i think it's a great product for the price and simplicity.
we've been using this bottle warmer for 3 mo's.
mommy pumps milk, refrigerates it and then we heat it when it's time to feed.
when the milk is ready it shuts off automatically so we can multi-task.
it was priced right, too!
this product works well when you abide by the instructions and put in the suggested amount of water; not a drop more.
it's important to keep the bottom of the reservoir clean, otherwise minerals in the water start collecting and will burn and smell.
it looks like rust, but it wipes right out.
ladies, listen to me.
you're probably thinking, &#34;do i really need this thing?&#34; - maybe not, you're blessed by nature to have food producers attached to your upper torso.
however, you will make dad's life so much easier with this little thing.imagine with me.
for you, normally you'd probably think &#34;no big deal, i'll just whip out my food bringers.&#34; not so easy for dad though, is it?
nope.
i can't put her down, because then she gets even more upset.
so i have to hold her.
now i have exactly one free hand to fix her milk.
but do you (mom) really want me (dad) dangling our infant daughter around a red hot stove?
not just the stove, but boiling water to try and heat the milk?
do you trust me that much?
nope.
i know you don't.
(b) this thing.
instead of me messing with a stove, a pot, several cups of (boiling) water, waiting for it to boil (and trust me, with a crying child in your arms, it seems to take forever), and potentially burning my daughter in the process, why not try the easier way?
i get the bottle of milk out of the fridge, pop a couple ounces of water into the babypro, set the bottle in, click a button, and wait for about 30 seconds to test.
still a little cold?
all in all, my bottle is ready in 60-90 seconds - all done with the power of one hand.
best of all, my daughter doesn't have to cry for 10 minutes while i wait for water to boil and the bottle to heat up.that's my story.
if you're not going to get this for you - at least consider it for dad.pros:-- instructions are clear (and pretty easy to remember)-- easy to use (even with one arm)-- milk temperature is adjustable by you; it might take a few times to get it right, but after that it's easy peasy.-- most bottles fit well, even the comotomo (made to mimic the boob, and avoid nipple confusion - highly recommended)-- small - doesn't take up much counter spacecons:-- not very easy to clean - i've read something about vinegar.
i don't know.
my daughter would want her bottles on demand.
heating her bottles up the long way was not working.
i purchased this in hopes that this will save me time and it did.
was a life saver!
i was really disappointed with this warmer it takes a long time to heat and it heats unevenly.
also, according to the chart for the amount of water us i find myself using more than what it says if not i end up with cold milk.
i wasn't sure if we really "needed" this product, but now that i have it, i can't imagine life without it!
i don't have to worry about boiling water or anything.
the steam heats it perfectly every time!
i highly recommend this product.
i only wish it had a buzzer or beeping noise of some sort once it was done warming the bottle.
totally worth the cost, it's very cheap and effective, you don't need all the other fancier ones.
this is a fast and convenient way to heat bottles.
i have twins and can't wait the recommended 10minutes between bottles for it to cool down so i don't.
i don't have any problems with it.
i use first years gum drop bottles
i reluctantly gave this product 5 stars because...#1 - it's the fastest warmer on the market.it's perfect for my playtex drop-in/liner bottlesit's compactit also heats foodit automatically shuts off and therefore...it can be left plugged inno cleaning neededthe instructions are simplehere's how to really use this product.-throw out the instructions the manufacturer provides-fill that vial to the max with water-dump all the water into the warmer-place your bottle in there-periodically check your bottle... like after a minute and then every 15-20 seconds after that swirling/shaking between checks-servemy nighttime routine usually goes like this... get the 6oz bottle, fill the vial to the max, pour the water in the warmer and turn it on, place the bottle inside the warmer, go to the bathroom, return and check bottle, place the bottle back in the warmer, check one or two more times and it's usually ready, set aside.
change the baby's diaper, feed her, put her back down and she's out.is the warmer perfectly consistent?
no.
only if you use a crock pot with a temperature nob.
who has room for that?
same goes for boiling water, microwaving water, or for those of you who live on the wild side - microwaving the bottle.do the vial measuring lines suck?
yes.
see the first step in my directions and this con won't matter.do you have to stick around?
yes.
i want to feed this baby fast.
the longer she's up at night, the harder it is for her to fall back to sleep and sleep is a high priority for me.do you have to wait 10 minutes after one heating session?
yes... and i can't defend this feature, it's dumb.
that's why i fill the vial to the max and work backwards.
any remaining water just burns away.
but my method really works for me because i use disposable liner bottles and those are easier to heat.
it is awful for the solid bottles, i don't know what works best for those.okay, i think i've covered all.
again, i only gave this 5 stars because of its speed.
when something is invented that can heat a bottle to a specific temperature just a fast, i will switch.
after reading everyone else's reviews, i was nervous to try this product.
once i received it (i got 2, one for upstairs and one for downstairs), i read the very short and easy directions, and voila!
whoever who states its too hot or too cold and complains about it clearly has not read the directions and did not try again because it tells you what to do if its not the temp you want.
to use this simple tool, you need to know if you have an old school bottle or the newer wide mouth bottle and how many ounces your bottle can hold (not how many ounces you're using) and whether you're starting from refrigerated or room temp.
these factors will tell you how much water to pour in the heater using a measuring vial that it comes with.
press the button down (not in, i thought my warmers were broken) and you'll hear a click or see the light go off when it's done (in about a minute or so...amount of time for a diaper change).
if you leave it in there after its done it will keep heating and get too hot, just like when you're cooking on the stove and turn off the burner and your food keeps cooking.
keep a rag/towel handy to wipe off the moisture around the bottle when its done.the reason why i give it only 4 stars is because the measuring vial is a pain in the a$$ to fill each time and you have to be exact with the amount of filling water to make your bottle the right temp, but the filling lines are so close together.
i'm planning on using a syringe so that i can have a fail safe, thoughtless, easy way to get the right amount of water in the heater.
otherwise i'd give it 5 stars.
we've tried tons of bottle warmers and they all seem to fall short.we tried this one and our main issues with it is bottle heat is inconsistent.
even if you measure with the test tube and the meniscus is in the same place every time, you get wildly different temps.
this isn't good for warming breast milk.also it's slow to heat and the heating plate develops some nasty gunk after awhile.if you are in the market place for bottle warmer, i would pass on this, especially for warming breast milk.
it has drawbacks, though.
i took us 6 minutes to heat up a bottle that we had in the fridge.
it also developed some brown crusty looking stuff in the bottom of it, and all the numbers rubbed off the measuring tube.
it's an average bottle warmer, but broke after a couple months worth of usage.
for some reason, the unit wouldn't turn off and we had to unplug it every time we used the warmer.
i switched to the dr. brown's bottle warmer and haven't had a problem.
it does allow the bottle to overheat and when your little one is demanding food - now - it is inconvenient to wait 10-15 minutes for it to cool down.
when i used this i stood beside it and tested the temperature of the formula about every 3 minutes or so.
major pain since i like to change my baby while his bottle is warming.
i was so excited to purchase this for such a low price.
i hated thinking about thawing milk on the stove while my baby sat waiting & hungry, so i couldn't wait to try this quicker approach.however, when i read the manual, it stated the warmer could only be used once every ten minutes.
i prayed and hoped it would thaw it out the 1st try so my baby wouldn't get fussy while waiting for it.unfortunately, after using the warmer, the milk was still mostly frozen and had "hot spots."
so i ended up sticking the milk in a cup of hot water from the sink and waiting 10 minutes instead.the next time i tried to use this, i tried recently expressed milk from the refrigerator.
i thought surely it would be better this time since it was not frozen.no such luck.
ew.
i don't know what happened, since i followed instructions clearly.this was the biggest waste of money.
i recommend filling a mug with water, microwaving for 2 or 3 minutes and then placing the milk container in the hot water.
this way, milk is warm fairly quickly, there are no hot spots, no breastmilk nutrients are lost, and most importantly--it's free!
:)
i didn't plan on having to pump breast milk, my daughter was of course going to latch with no problems (oh how we plan).
the vial of water requires some trial and error to make sure the bottle isn't too warm or too cold but other than that no issues.i haven't had as much luck with using it to heat up solid food.
it always seems to be a little cool, no matter how much water i put in the vial.
i have not had the problems that others have listed.
my warmer does shut off after a few minutes of warming and has never boiled the bottles.
it seems to do the job plus is reasonably priced.
i bought this in hopes that i could avoid standing over a pot of boiling water in the middle of the night to heat my newborn's bottle.
she is impatient when it comes to waiting so i thought this little unit would do the trick.
no such luck.
the product review says it's stylish but who cares?
what we really need is functionality and usability and this warmer is neither.
it claims to heat up the bottle in 4 minutes but the milk is unevenly heated, the top of the bottle is cold and the base is scalding.
the milk then needs to be shaken to even out the temperature...a real time sucker when you're in a hurry to feed a wailing baby.
i'm lucky i didn't throw away my trusty little pot since i'm back to warming up the old fashioned way on the stove.
we have a new baby boy that was born about a month ago.
she keeps a supply of breast milk in the fridge.
of course, i must warm up the milk and we purchased "the first years quick serve bottle warmer" for that purpose.
it's handy and easy to use, even in my sleep-deprived condition.i'm not totally satisfied with this product.
first of all, the cap holder broke off the little measuring vile almost right from the start.
there's no way to fix it.
oh well, fixing it isn't essential, but it gives me the feeling that this bottle warmer might be a cheap piece of junk.
secondly, the bottle warmer heats the milk too hot if the instructions are followed precisely.
experimenting a bit, i have found that if four ounces of milk are to be heated to the desired temperature in the bottle, then the little measuring vile for water (added to the warmer) should be filled only to three.
go figure.
once you get that little calibration problem worked out, everything seems to work satisfactorily.
hopefully it will last as long as needed.gary peterson
it gets the bottle warm quickly...what else do i want in a bottle warmer?
do i need it to be perfect?
no...and it's not.
i don't even use the water measurement as it doesn't warm correctly.
maybe we keep our refrigerator really cold but the first time we warmed according to the water measurement it barely warmed it.
i know just dump the max water amount in (sometimes more.....)and test it throughout the warming cycle.
a full bottle i don't even need to test.
i think maybe the breast milk is leaking out as it warms and is caramelizing in the warmer.
it's easy to clean though.
when i had my second, i just went ahead and bought one in hopes it would make my life easier...boy, did it!
i am not sure if my fridge is just set to a colder setting than most or what, but i was warming pumped breastmilk and i have had to do it 2 cycles almost every single time because otherwise it's still too cold and my infant son does not want to drink it.
the problem with this is that if he is upset and crying and i am not home to nurse him, my husband has to try to calm a fussy baby while attempting to warm up a bottle for him.
as per instructions, i *have tried filling it up to 10 instead of 7 and it really didnt help any.
this is a great product...a must have for nursing mothers who pump and also for formula babies!
it's simple and to the point.
never had a problem with it.
takes a little to figure out how much water to use for the right temp, but not too hard.
it does take a few tries to get used to how much water to use in the warmer for the perfect temp.
we bought it everywhere with us; friends, famliy, vacation etc.ok now what i don't like is that i used vinegar to clean it out often, but it still has build up on the bottom.
maybe it is just the kind of water we have here.
i have not used this product yet but the price was right, the quality of the product looks good, and i am looking forward to seeing the result of its use.
would recommend
this bottle warmer was horrible.
if you are formula-feeding, just use the microwave.
really.
it takes so much less time, and all you have to do is shake the bottle really well to eliminate hotspots.this bottle warmer never heated bottles evenly.
sometimes they would be scalding hot, sometimes ice cold (and then you have to wait until it's completely cooled down before it will allow you to heat it again!).
meanwhile, my baby is screaming because he's hungry and wants that bottle!!
the microwave only takes 30 seconds and it's the same temperature every time.if you're heating expressed breastmilk i can see why someone would need a bottle warmer.otherwise, what is the point??
like others have mentioned, it takes an incredibly long time to warm a bottle in a pan of hot water when you have a crying baby who wants to eat immediately ~ so, this little product is great since it only takes a few minutes to warm up a bottle.there is definitely a bit of a learning curve to this product so that you get the temperature you want every time.
the warmer does come with a guide of how much water to use to create the steam heat and i've used this as a starting point.
my baby seems to like room temperature fluids so actually warming a bottle for her takes literally a minute or two at most since i am not heating to a higher temperature.
also, i learned the hard way that adding even just a few more drops of water (say filling to the 8 instead of the 7 on the little measuring dispenser) makes a huge temperature difference, so once you know exactly how much water you need, stick with it.
the other variable to this device is the little plastic ring that is placed over the top of the warmer (it states "not to be used with disposable bottles" around the top of it) adds to keeping the steam within the warming chamber- so if you take it off it make take an extra bit of water to get the milk warmed to baby's preference.
i took this ring off because i just couldn't get it to sit flat over the removable basket.the product is fairly small and doesn't take up too much counter space, something that was also important to me since i hate clutter on kitchen counters.
the one thing i don't care for about this product is the way the little water dispenser attaches to the side, or rather how it doesn't really attach easily to the side.
i am sure others know what i mean at 3am when you barely have your eyes open and try to slide that sucker into the grooves just right...ya, not easy.i've only had this item for about a month, so i can't speak to the longevity of it, but so far i am very happy with it, and should it break i would purchase another just for the convenience of it.
great product.
food,formula,etc.
love the jar lift also.
works better then others we have tried.
i'm not familar with other brands but this works well enough for me.
i use filtered water since it will gunk up quickly inside using tap water.
i've got twins, so the routine is to throw one bottle on the warmer, change the first, prop the first, throw second bottle on the warmer, change the second, prop the second, burp the first, and so on.few tips...1.
the second bottle will heat up with a bit less water than the first.3.
the bottle width will change how much water is required.
figure if the steam can't escape as easily because you've got a wider bottle, it'll heat up quicker.
i'll plug it in and nothing happens.
i already threw away the box, so i'm hoping amazon will still let me return it!
i'll be trying a different brand all together.
this really is a great product.
it heats up 4 oz of refrigerated breast milk within a couple of minutes.
it's small enough to stick in a diaper bag if you're going out, too, and since the water vial has a cap, you can pre-fill it.
the only trouble was that the recommended amount of water did not heat the milk beyond a cool temperature -- not even to room temp.
after experimenting, i learned that i had to fill it about a half inch above the highest number marking (10) in order for the milk to be about as warm as it is from the breast.
and i checked my fridge -- it's the normal temp, about 37 degrees, so it's not because the bottles were colder than normal.
so, i guess i'm a little concerned about what'll happen when we need to give 8 oz instead of 4!
*update* i now use this with the 8-oz size dr. brown's bottles (heating with inner parts removed), with 6 oz of milk, and they seem to heat up with less water.
they are also a harder plastic than the bottles we used to use (medela bottles), so i think perhaps the harder plastic conducts heat better.
keep this in mind when experimenting with water amounts.
just a theory.
i don't use a whole bunch of bottles since i nurse, but occasionally i thaw out some breast milk for when my daughter and i are going to be out in very public places for a long period of time.
i just put the milk in the warmer and in about four minutes it is done.
sometimes however, when i have a 7 ounce pack it takes a few times through it to get it all the way warmed.
since i am using this for when i am out it isn't a big deal that it takes awhile, especially because you have to wait for the warmer to cool all the way down before you can use it again.
however, when i use it to heat milk from the frig so my husband can feed her, it works great.
i wouldn't suggest walking away from it because sometimes it gets too hot when the whole four minutes is given to heat.
walking away while heating a bottle is not wise anyway, so it really isn't a problem standing there for it and it is a whole lot quicker than boiling water.
good concept, poor execution.
hard to use, and the instruction manuals suggested water amounts are way off base, in my experience.
wife and i got so frustrated with the warmer's inconsistent results that we've gone back to the old fashioned warming method - setting the bottle in a cup of warm water.
one thing to keep in mind when purchasing this warmer: it's a great price and gets the job done, but that's not to say that there aren't better ones out there on the market.
you do have to keep pulling the bottle out and periodically checking the temperature as it's warming and there are going to be times when it gets way too hot...
but once you get the hang of it, it becomes second nature and it's definately a bargain!
i mix all the bottles in the morning, put them in the refrigerator and use this to heat up the formula so that it is not freezing cold.
i would purchase this product again, however, if your baby needs a warm bottle i'd say you probably need a better/more expensive machine.
this is an pretty good bottle warmer.
however, it has a timer and auto-shuts, but there is no alarm to tell you that the milk is ready so it's very easy to burn bottle.
etc..) and it works for all of them.i would prefer the dr brown warmer below which has certainly more featureshttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0035llg2w/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeasin;=b0035llg2w&linkcode;=as2&tag;=justckem-20
i love this bottle warmer.
i am a first time mom and this has been a life saver.
i would highly recommend this product and company.if this was a helpful review please select the &#8216;yes&#8217; button below.
doesn't matter if the cap is on or the nipple, the lip of the tops are just under the ridge of the warmer so it's hard to grasp.
the last thing you need is to have to put everything down to check a bottle constantly.
every time myself or my wife tried to warm a bottle in this thing, it either came out too hot or too cold.
having to constantly check the bottle became too much of a hassle and we simply quit using this warmer.
despite following the instructions to a tee, the bottles never came out perfect.
we either had to re-heat the bottle or let it cool down before giving it too the baby.to make things short, i'll say this:  use the stove or microwave.
once you get your child into a reasonably predictable routine, you can warm bottles at a reasonable time and easily without having to waste time and money on the first years quick serve bottle warmer.
bought this as a second warmer to keep at grandmas house to make life easier... was hesitant because of how cheap it was but was so glad i got it!!
would be a pain to fill the little tube with water everytime if it were the primary warmer at home but as a secondary it's wonderful.
is great for all bottles and use for food and have steamed passies in it when they fall and i don't have a back up with me!
i love this bottle warmer!
the insrtruction is a little bit off, but all you have to do is to experiment, and once you've found the right amount of water you need to put in there, just stick with it.
this bottle warmer has been a big timesaver.
the only thing about this warmer is the trial and error needed to get going.
at first, you have to figure out what amount of water will get your bottle to a good temperature.
i also find that cleaning it out every few weeks and letting vinegar sit in it for a little while, will keep it consistant.
as it gets dirty, it tends to become inconsistant.i definately give this bottle warmer 2 thumbs up.
the only reason i give it 4 stars is because of the trial and error needed to figure out how much water for the bottle and amount of formula.
(i use avent bottles and they fit great)
i am currently breast-feeding, but pump a bottle for my husband to use to feed our daughter at night.
i wasn't sure if i wanted to invest in one more thing - especially since we weren't going to need it constantly, but i'm very glad we did!
it saves time and makes a perfect bottle every time!as some of the other reviewers note, you do need to read the directions to find out how much water to use with the amount of liquid you are heating.
for example, use the marking of 7 ml of water on the included measuring tool for 3-4 oz of milk or formula.
the measuring tool attaches to the side of the warmer so that it is always handy.all you do is measure the water and pour it into the warmer, then add the bottle.
do not have a lid or nipple already on the bottle.
i like that you have a light that goes off when it's done.
it's a good visual cue that you can see from across the room.
i have waited 9 months to write this review based on my purpose of warming up breastmilk.
i saw the price on amazon going from $15-$35.
so just beware and don't get rips off.we have been using this warmer to warm up frozen breastmilk for 9 months and had no issue at all.
other than the deposits in the heat plate even though we been using distilled water the entire time.we know this warmer wasn't designed for frozen breastmilk but formila in room tempreture.
however, other warmer works better for breastmilk are just too expensive.
also due to the bottle storage we use (no bags), we wanted to give this bottle a try.
then i fill up the measuring tube full (i don't even need those number line these days, they are useless for my purpose), i pour all water in there, set the bottle in the steamer, and i cover it with a coffee mug that fit perfectly (not tight), turn the switch and after 3-4 mins, it will auto turn off, usually there'll be a small cube of frozen milk floating in the bottle, that's why i leave it alone covered for another 2 mins before i take it out and feed the baby.
if i'm heating up 150ml- 200ml, i just steam it again with 1/5 to 1/4 water filled in the tube.
everything comes out perfect.this thing is awesome and save us a lot of money.
this is one of the cheaper bottle warmers out there and it performs perfectly.
all you do is pour a little bit of water in and press the lever.
the lever is green while warming, and turns to red when it's done.
this is a very simple product to use.i've used this on many different brands of bottles including dr. brown's and medela.
it can do frozen milk too, but it will take few minutes longer.
i dont like that if you stop it mid cycle when you come back to warm another bottle it starts halfway through the cycle.
it does not re-set.
it warms by steam.
there is a hotplate at the bottom then you pour water into the chamber and the steam that is created warms the bottle.
it comes with the container that you fill up with the water to pour in.
i always have to add more water than they recommend.
that is actually pretty easy to do, but just make sure you slip in the extra water before it shuts off, otherwise you have to wait for at least 10 minutes before it will turn on again (must be a safety feature).the nice thing about this warmer is that it even works well with my healthflow bottles (which are angled) as well as the thicker advent bottles.
when my son was old enough to eat jar food, the warmer has a special adapter to warm them up as well.all in all, i would recommend it, but just realize that you will have to come up with your own water measurements to add.
totally not working!
returned it.
you had to add hot water to heat the bottle while it does not work.
i realized i didn't have a bottle warmer yet and i needed something fast and efficient because having to babysit a bottle on the stove with a screaming baby was getting old.
you just put the amount of water you need for your bottle, the less ounces in the bottle the less water the less water you'll need, and the more ounces in the bottle the more water you'll need.
is at the "7" mark.
you just have to plug it in, put the water into the bottle warmer and press the button.
it takes 2 minutes from the time you press the button until the light shuts off then leave it there for about 30 seconds and your baby's bottle is ready.
i still test the bottle on my wrist every time and it's remained consistent from the get go.
i would recommend getting this as a baby gift or putting it on a registry.
why pay $80+ on a bottle warmer when this gets the job done for a very reasonable price?
great for new mom's on a budget!
it heats up your bottle.
but the measurements are all wrong.
it typically needs more water then indicated.
but for $15 you can't go wrong.
this warmer worked well for a few months.
the switch stopped working and the warmer would turn on as soon as it was plugged in.
now the heating function never turns off, so i have to watch the bottle carefully before it overheats the formula.
it doesn't shut off so it overheats and smells like burnt plastic.
dangerous item.when it was working, it is really long to heat up a bottle on top of the headache to figure out the amount of water to add.
my screaming hungry baby hated it, took many minutes for a 3oz bottle and it was either too cold or too hot.
i like that the unit doesn't take up a lot of space, it's light weight and only needs a small amount of water to warm the bottle.
it accommodates every size bottle i've tried so far (gerber, playtex drop-ins and dr. brown).
i didn't completely read all of the directions and didn't realize i had to let the machine completely cool down before you can heat it again...i thought it was broken!
it warms the milk well but i keep a cloth next to it to dry the bottle off before using and also cool the plastic on the bottle before using.
this is a nice gadget to have because it is good at getting the job done quickly, however, you have to be careful.there are more times that i overheat the bottle than get the temperature just right.
the chart in the instruction manual for water measurements and bottle sizes can be a bit confusing.i guess good advice for using this bottle warmer would be to always put less than more.
you can always heat milk again, but it's a pain to wait for it to get cooled down when you have a whiny, hungry baby and a bottle that's way too hot.so, just be careful!
yes, sometimes it overheats the bottle if you don't take it out as soon as it's done, but it gets the job done quickly and easily.
i was lucky to have a baby who did not need a bottle that was perfectly warm, but using this warmer was a waste of time.
i packed it away after only using it a few times because it rarely warmed the bottle enough.
if i added a little more water than the directions suggested, it was way too hot.
i stick my daughter's bottle in a mug of hot water and it warms up much more quickly and does not take up counter space.
way much better than munchkin brand.
no hot spots at all.
i should have bought this a long time ago.
i have twins and it takes longer to warm in this than the sink and you have to wait ten minutes between each bottle.
i am one of those moms who has a "lazy nurser".
wanting to exclusively breastfeed for at least the first year, i was devastated that my sweet little girl would not latch on properly and that when she did, she was unable to empty me completely.
therefore, we are stuck with frequent breastfeedings followed by supplemental bottle feedings.my husband and i had purchased this bottle warmer planning to use it after i returned to work to heat up breastmilk bottles.
we have never had an overheated bottle, and my daughter loves the temperature.
she sucks it right down!
it doesn't take up much space in the kitchen (not to be totally vain, but it would be nice if it came in black or ecru for better matching capabilities).i liked it so much that i sent one to my husband's expectant cousin.
i strongly recommend this product.
we did have to find out how much water to use for specific amounts of milk, but after figuring that, we really like the bottle warmer.
it's easy to operate even in the dark (just prepare the water up front).
we also like the fact that it can be operated with one hand (while carrying the baby in the other hand)- very useful.
we are very happy with this bottle warmer!an update- this can also be used for heating up jars of baby food (just remove the upper ring)- so convenient.also, by adding cold water immediately after the bottle warmer stops you can cool the heating element, which will enable to turn it on again without waiting.
good product!
we used it less than ten times, and the entire thing totally crapped out.
i ignored the bad reviews and really, really wanted to like this item because i love the cooler/bottle warmer so much!
back to amazon it goes!
obviously useful for other reasons but that's why we bought it!
at first we were following the directions, a little difficult to understand, and the milk from the fridge came out cool but not body temp warm like from the breast.
so it took a few tries to get used to the amount of water you have to put in, but obviously the more water the more steam and the warmer the milk came out.
it comes with a little measuring device.
only thing people don't realize, is that it takes trial and error.
bottle sizes are different as well as milk temperature.
it will take longer to heat a bottle from the fridge, rather than one made with room temperature water.
for me, i fill the line to "6" and that heats my 4oz of milk perfectly.
leave the bottle on for longer after the light goes off and the milk will continue to heat.
so very important you take the bottle off as soon as the light goes off, give it a swirl, test on your wrist (or take a swig like i do) and you'll be good to go!
i've used this with formula and breast milk w/o any issues.
this is the worst bottle warmer ever.
the bottles were either too hot and i mean smoking hot or not warm enough.
using this thing was the same as just heating a bottle up in a pot!
you could never leave the bottle, walk away and come back hoping that it would be the right temperature.
i would have to put her bottles in, stand there and check every minute or so.
the water tube that comes along with it does not hold enough water to warm her bottle sufficiently.
i ordered the dr. browns bottle warmer and am in love!
this mess is going back immediately.
this is the first bottle warmer i have ordered, and it is one of the best i have ever used.
i find it super easy to use, super easy to clean, and it gets the bottles to just the right temperature.
it is also useful for travel, and can be set up easily in a hotel room.
i would definitely suggest it to friends and family, and i actually have done so!
as a new mom who is currently still in school and not bringing in a lot of money, i was looking for an affordable bottle warmer and i came across this one.
i read the reviews and it got ok reviews so i bought it, boy was i disappointed when i finally started using it.i wouldn't say its horrible but it's really not the best, it doesn't take long to warm the bottles and it shuts off once it's down; however, it doesn't always warm the bottles up in one use or it will get it so hot that you end up having let the milk sit so it's not too hot for baby and when your baby is screaming that's not an ideal situation.
so basically you get what you pay for, i really wish i would have spent a little more money to get a better warmer.
the product was good and served its prupose.. at times there would be a leak from the bottle, i guess this was because we left it a little longer in there.. easy to clean and used it well the initial 4 months of my newborn.
this warmer is so fast!
it's ready in less than 4 minutes (we allow for it to cool a bit before taking it out).
once you figure out how much water you need to fill for your type of bottle/milk, it works like a charm!
we use dr. brown's wide neck bottles and they fit just fine (as long as we remember to remove the straw first, otherwise the milk rised out).
in the middle of the night when the baby is screaming and you need milk - fast.
carefull to check the milk, sometimes can be too hot too fast!
this product is simple and easy to use, but it's not reliable.
even if you put the same amount of water in it and a bottle with the same amount of milk each time - the temperature will be different.
i've placed a bottle in this warmer only to find it's half cold.
adding more water continues the heating process, but now the milk can reach a dangerously high temperature.
many times i've had to add a little cold milk, to make the bottle safe to use.
i initially liked this product, but am ditching it because of its unreliability.
it was so annoying i returned it.
i'm a mom on the go so i would throw this in my bag and take it with me but it was always a chore to have to find the missing water vial.
but with any bottle sterilizer you have to make sure you don't lose the ring that goes around the top, too bad those don't snap in.
for the first week, we warmed bottles in tap water.
it was time consuming and inconvenient.
not to mention that half-full avent bottles float so you have to hold it in the cup/bowl of water the entire time.
this product warms up bottles in minutes and it is so easy to use.
it has a little thing on that side that slides off so you can add the water to that and dump it in.
when it is through, it shuts itself off so you don't have to remember to do it yourself.the only problem is that the inside has turned a little brown from the heat (burned-like) but since it hasn't affected anything, it doesn't seem to matter.
so far they work really great at heating the bottles to the right temperature.
the only complaint i have is the numbers rubbed off the water viles and we had to put them on with a permanent marker.
it may be my son only but he doesn't care if his bottles are cold or warm and i use water that is in gallon containers which sit on the counter so his bottles are generally at room temperature anyway.
this product did work, however, for my standard size playtex vent air bottles but did not heat up my friend's wide mouth bottles when she tried to use it.
all in all, this was a pointless purchase on my part; but the return of the item was easy cheesy!
only had it for a couple weeks so don't know quality and i will write another review if it fails.
it's 2am, your baby is crying.
you are in the washroom sleepily fumbling to get a bottle together as quickly as possible... accidentally pour too much water into the warmer.
start the process over, give up and get your child used to room temperature feedings and all is right in the world.
not worth the money unless your child is picky about having their milk warm.
for the price it's great!
work with my glass and plastic bottles...
it gets the job done quickly and with very little effort and time.
it warms my baby's purees just as good as water and faster
this warmer definitely works quickly, but with the bottles i use (avent) the plastic ring gets extremely hot from the steam put out by this warmer.
the actual temperature of the bottle itself is fine and has never been too hot, so it might just be the way it works with the design of avent bottles.
previous reviewers were right - it's tricky to get this warmer to warm up your bottle just right.
it takes longer and more water for thicker bottles and less for thinner, etc etc.
but if you use the same kind of bottles each time and the same amount then you can get it to where you know about how much water you'll need to heat it up.
the little plastic measuring cup on the side is difficult to attach back on the warmer and the measuring lines are hard to see.
but it's fast and convenient.
we have two of these so no night trips down to the kitchen necessary.
this product is poorly constructed, requires patience and you don't have that with a baby crying.
it doesn't heat to a temperature the baby would like, so you end up having to cool the bottle afterwards.
also i have to manipulate the on switch for far too long but i actually get it to turn on.
after awhile i just gave up and stopped using it.
it's okay for $15.
it's a really cheap, crappy looking design, but i guess you get what you pay for.pros:- does the job most of the time.
formula ends up lukewarm.
we use this to heat up 4 oz.
of formula, i can't imagine how poorly it will heat bigger bottles!- you can't turn it off once it's on by pushing the button.
it does turn itself off after the heat cycle is done, though.- could be a fire hazard, saw a spark under the unit the first week i had it.
hasn't done it since, however it's probably not a good idea to leave the unit on & walk away.overall it's just okay.
not too impressed, i'm sure there are better models out there but this one does the job for now.update: updating to say this bottle warmer only lasted baby's first 3 months.
it rusted on the inside despite maintenance, and we were even careful not to leave liquid sitting in it.
since it's rusted so badly we can't use it for our upcoming baby.
we've been using a hot glass of water to heat bottles and that works better than this warmer.
i changed my rating to 2 stars because for the price, it did work for a while, but i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
i bought this to take out the guess work and hassle of warming bottles, but it is not working for me.
i try to set it so that i can turn it on, go change the baby then it would be ready.
whenever the light turns off, the milk is still cold and i have to let it sit for another few minutes to finish warming.
if i wait too long it's too hot, so i have to stand there and wait for it.
occasionally when i warm a bottle it somehow seems to boil the milk out if it.
don't know if the top of the bottle was loose or what but i'm finding it easier to just go back to sitting bottles in hot water from the tap.
very disappointed.
this is a very simple product to use and works well with almost every bottle on the market.
it works really quickly and heats up four ounces of formula, straight from my mini fridge, for my three month old in under 3 minutes.
not bad when you have a hungry baby screaming in the middle of the night.
just be sure to read the instructions and follow it thoroughly before use and you shouldn't have any problems as i have not had.
i have also purchased this and given it away as presents to friends.
every one i have given it to; have loved it as much as i have.
i have found it worked well for my refrigerated breast milk and my transition to formula so i can recommend it to both breastfeeding moms and moms who choose to feed with formula (both powdered and premixed canned).
can't' beat the convenience and it is priced really well compared to other brands of similar items.
can't imagine bottle feeding without it.
don't let calcification build up a lot or it's more difficult to clean.
this bottle warmer is slow and seems to accumulate some guck at the bottom.
it does get the job done so i gave it three stars.
it is really quick and easy to use, very convenient and safe!
i can even put the milk bag directly to reheat.
however, after using for a while, i found out something bad about the warmer: i use the silimac bottles and try to warm it with breast milk by using this warmer.
i do not know if anybody else has the same problem since i did not see the same problem in other reviews.
also, i do not know it is the bottle problem or not, but i do not have such issue when i use hot water to reheat it.
i might later try other type of bottle to see if they have the same problem, hopefully not, otherwise, i will be kind of disappointed that this warmer tent to destroy the bottle gradually.
i have two bottle warmers, this one and the avents one.
this one is way better and uses steam to warm the bottle instead of boiling water around your bottle/food.
the measuring tube tells you how much water to put into the warmer for the amount of liquid you want to warm.
always make sure you test the milk before you feed your baby!
it does have mineral build up over time so you must clean it with vinegar every so often.if you're looking for some advice on other baby registry essentials, check out allmomsareperfect dot com.
you'll get the lowdown on what you really need and what you could save to buy later or avoid completely.
there's a full on stroller shopping guide, baby carrier guide, and what to expect after the hospital delivery in terms of recovery (which no one seems to talk about!).
like the other reviewers have said - the warming time and amount of water it takes to warm the bottle vary from use to use.however, it's small, easy to clean and shuts itself off so there's no fear of starting a fire, or having a child touch it and get burned.
i love this warmer because it's so easy to use.
who wants complications at 4am?
the milk has come out too hot only one time.
simple to fix-just add less water next time.
we love this little warmer.
takes a few tries to get the hang of though: sometimes a little too cold and sometimes a little too hot.
major bummer: if you find that the bottle is too cold, you have to wait a while to be able to use this thing again.
i don't know if it's a safety measure or what, but you can't press the button again right away.
when you have a hungry baby, that kind of stinks.
when i first bought this, over a year ago, i was hesitant about the price - it being so low compared to other brands.
this bottle warmer is sooo quick and easy, i could put the water up to the predetermined line of the measurer(that comes with) poor it in and left it alone.
this is also helpful for warming up baby food jars (comes with a special attachment just for that purpose) the warmer was dropped twice on the floor so it can defently take a beating!
outside is easy to clean (the water deposits on the warmer - not so much) all in all it did the job for my little boy.
and for $16 get it!
don't spend $30 on a bigger and bulker item that will do the same thing!
she was warming their bottles using tap water.
it was taking too long to get hot and she felt like she was wasting a lot of water (we are in a drought).
i looked at all the warmers and their reviews and decided to get this one.
there is one that warms 2 bottles, but i wasn't impressed with the reviews.
her only complaint was the directions say to let it cool off for 10 minutes before using it again.
my solution was to send her a second one, even though i know her hubby will complain about having more stuff.
use this for every feeding for my twins.
the water measuring tube is a pain to attach to the unit when you are not using it.
i do wish it was quicker but think i would want that feature with any bottle warmer.
there has been nothing wrong with ours.
however, we are usually dealing with frozen breast mik.
we found it much easier and faster to heat water in a mug in the microwave.
you can use milk from the refrigerator as well just don't heat the water as much.great product, but we didn't really need it.
i bought this warmer thinking it's more convenient than warming milk with hot water, but actually it is not...the amount of water needed is little therefore it has to be very precise to get to the temperature you want!
it takes longer to fill the correct amount of water than needed.
also you have to wait 10 minutes to try again, if a bottle is not warm enough, you have to use something else anyway!
the instructions state that the unit needs 10 minutes to cool down if you need to use it again, but it may actually take longer than that...i would prefer to use hot water than using this warmer.
it's hard to figure out the right amount of water to use, even when referring to the product's instruction, when trying to warm-up a bottle.
i use it regularly, though, and am satisfied if it at least takes off the cold edge of a breast milk bottle that's been refrigerated.
it's easy-to-use, other than the aforementioned problem, and doesn't take up a lot of space.
since i have twins, i wish they would make these with two sides or not require the 10 minutes between each use (even though i mostly ignore that and add more water just before the light goes out).
overall, this is a lifesaver.
it is a great product, but the little measuring cup provided is difficult to fill up to the right line (which are really close together) and too little or too much water tends to over/underheat the bottle.
but this saves time over boiling and is healthier/safer than microwaving.
gave it a 3 because it has it's ups, but it's downs become irritating when you use it 5-7 times daily!
we totally love this product.
we have two - one upstairs and one in the kitchen.
it's true that it takes some trial and error to see how much to adjust the amount of water that you put into this.
but once you figure it out, it's a lifesaver!
i can't imagine having to wait for plain hot water to heat up a bottle.
we have used it both with the medela bottles and with dr. brown's bottles.
i bought this warmer before i gave birth and knew that i would need it especially at night.
i would advise ppl not to fill the water vile unless you are warming up maybe 8 oz of thickened milk.
i will make it hot.
based on frequency of usage you will learn how much water to use.
i mainly do the water vile half way unless the milk was previously refrigerated and cold.
it is better to use this product than a microwave with your baby's breast milk.
i wish we would have bought this to begin with.
we held off thinking that using hot water in a cup was just as easy.
it is faster than hot water.
instructions are not exact you have to play with it a little bit to get your water amount correct for your bottle type and amount of milk.
this bottle warmer broke after the first week.
it takes forever to warm the bottles and then it doesn't even warm them.
i'm trying to get a refund right now.
also, the opening is too small for the newer bottles (tippetommy, comotomo, etc).
i definitely recommend.
we could just plug it into our car adapter.
it heats the bottle in a matter of minutes and is never too hot.
i am a breastfeeder.
we are past the point of sleep deprivation, so i don't blame the use of this product on not enough sleep - it really is very confusing to use.the directions are quite unclear and the chart used to tell you how much water to put in is even more unclear.
several times, we have put too much water in, and the bottle gets way too hot, which is dangerous!this is only my opinion and i do not believe has anything to do with lack of intelligence.
overall this product works as documented/expected.
the only reason for not giving a full 5 star rating is that the heating is not consistent.
the milk will be too hot or too cold occasionally.
i wish they had perfected the heating time based on actual temperature of the contents.
well worth the money, but it needs an off switch!
i have to unplug the unit after each use, and that is almost impossable to do w, a screaming baby in my arms.
i rectify this problem by only partially plugging it into the outlet so it can easily be removed w/ one hand.if you want this affordable bottle warmer to work to your advantage, ignore the directions and don't bother w/ the little vial for the refills.place the bottle in the warmer then pour water in until almost full.
takes about 60 seconds to get hot.
it took a little bit to figure out how much water to use with which bottle, but once we got that down it was simple to put the water in, push the button and a few min.
we have used hot tap water to try and warm a bottle and it just takes too long for formula out of the refrigerator.
we never tried heating up food so i can't comment on that part of the warmer.
the bottle warmer is quite frustrating to work with.
you kind of have to babysit this warmer and check it constantly because one minute its taking forever to heat up and then the next minute the milk is super hot.
the amount of water needed is just inconsitent with the markings on the vial.
sometimes the water runs out and the warmer shuts off but the milk is still cold.
another downside is the on off button.
its really flimsy and sometimes takes several tries just to turn it on.the good things about this is that it is compact so i can carry it around with me easily and its much faster than heating up breastmilk in warm water..  also beware because the bottles get very hot even though the milk inside is still cold.
some reviews have stated that this warmer boils the bottles but that is not true, there is never enough water in there to boil it, the release of steam gives the impression that the bottle is boiling but it isnt.
i will continue to use this warmer and will even recommend it due to the low price.
i love this warmer except for the fact that it takes 3-4 minutes to warm the bottle.
not a good thing when she is screaming to be fed.
the instructions are easy to use and it has the measuring spoon attached so you know how much water to fill in the warmer.
the only thing i noticed with this warmer is you have to be exact with the amount of water otherwise the bottle is either to warm (too much water added) or the bottle is cold (not enough water added).
we purchased 2 more of these one for each grandma's.
for a refrigerated 4 oz.
bottle, we need to fill the measuring dispenser past 10, leave it in for the full time, and then it is warmed to room temperature.
it's one of the few that you can put the bottles with liners in.
the only draw back i was concerned with was that you can't heat right after you've heated...you have to wait about 5 minutes (most say that anyway).
that is not a problem if you know how much water to put in it the first time.
it is fast too!
we got the first couple bottles too hot, but after that it was easy.
there are little lines on the side of the measuring cup, for a 4 oz bottle, i go to the first big water line (about half way up the "scale").
that is for refrigerated milk.
it's just what you need, no more or less.
it says you can do baby food in it too, but i'm not that far yet.
i defintely recommend this warmer.
i loved this product myself but my wife used another method.
as the baby got older we stopped using it all together, but we could have kept using it if we wanted to and so i would recommend it.
nope.
i could never get the amount of water and time right.
i just went back to a cup of water and this thing is sitting in a box.
we went through every bottle with our son and this warmer fit them all without problem.
however, always make sure you test the temperature of the milk before you give it to your baby as it can be to hot (or too cool) sometimes.
this is because there are many variables that affect the ending temperature:- the starting temperature of the milk (from the referigerator, freezer, room temperature etc.
)- the type of bottle (i.e., glass, plastic, etc.
),- bottle size (diameter as well as height)- amount of water you put in hereas a corollary, be careful with the condensation off the bottle as that can also be quite hot.as far as functionality is concerned, it does what you want, but of course effectiveness is based on the variables i mentioned for temeprature.
you have to experiment with the water tempature first.- i used regular milk so i wouldn't waste formula.
i put in the bottle (avent) and it's heating while i change her diaper and finished just in time.
the biggest downfall is that you have to wait 10 minutes to reheat again.
first off, mine was white and it looks like they changed the shape and color now, whether that matters, i don't really know, or care.
this is the most awful product.
we tried it 3 times, once actually following direction, then twice adding more water to see if it makes any difference.
nope.
it doesn't work.
the only thing it does is get the actual bottle hot.
almost too hot to the touch, but if you test out the actual formula, it was literally ice-cold.
like straight from the fridge.
awful, awful product.
i find these mixed reviews odd, because apparently for some, it actually works and for others, like me, it doesn't do anythng.
i don't know about those positive reviews, but for me, it was just utterly dissapointing.
pity really, it would have been so convenient to warm a bottle up as quickly as it says(1 minute, i believe).
i got this because after a couple nights of cranky colic baby, there was no way in hell i was going through that again!
so i hear warming the milk makes it easier on the tummy (also making sure the bottles are  good for him and formula that agrees).
these all fit into this warmer which has an accessory ring to keep them in place although the skinny medela float/bob around in there a little if there is only 10 or 20 mls of milk in there.why this warmer is better than others i seen/used:-it feels quality enough.
it's not a brick but it doesn't feel like it out shatter if you sneezed on it.
some other models with built in water reservoirs are a bacteria trap.
eventually it would need a scrub.
and get in there to clean it out.- it turns on with a simple push down on the switch without the whole plug/unplug the cord.
green lights on the conveniently big button lights on and it will automatically shut off when the water you poured in is gone.
no more plugging and unplugging.
it's big enough that even i can hit it half asleep no problem!
don't search for a small switch or button when you're half asleep with a crying baby in one arm...that's insane.- small profile, i would say it has about the footprint of a magic bullet blender.
not bad since the counter lost alot of its space to baby bottle holders/racks etc..- the price..i've seen some crazy prices on some and this certainly is the bang for the buck!
i was not buying one for 60+ dollars but i didn't want a cheapo one that broke quick or is more of a hassel to monitor.
this was it...winner!
less than 25 dollars, auto shut off, easy to clean, compact enough and warmed well.
as everyone else says bottle warming is not an exact science but when you figure your method, you make it as consistent as you can.pro?con?
- it does shut itself off however there is a learning curve to the amount of water you put into the chamber and how much milk/water is in the bottle.
this unit actually times itself by the amount of time it takes to boil off the water in the chamber.
so if you pour in 7 (or less)on the included measure, it will heat up 4 oz water/formula to pretty warm in about 3-4 min max.how do i adjust the temp?
- let's say if i go for 4 oz of formula.
i will put a little less than 7 in the measurer into the chamber.
drop the bottle in the chamber and hit the button.
take it out, pour my final oz of cold water in and then mix the powder in and it is immediately ready to go.
i can't complain about the money spent here.
i hope this helps.update: use it like mad and it's still working like new.
baby is up to 4oz or more and i find using the minimal line is just fine.
awesome!update 9/18/2013: still rockin and i even ordered another warmer for upstairs.
i think it is a great bang for the buck and now with winter creeping around, most definitely will be used like crazy!
again, bottle warming is not an exact science so get that dream out of your head, you just need to figure what works warmer water-to-bottle volume ratio and stick to it.
i planned it so once i see him hungry or already crying for it, i pour the water into the warmer, hit the button, pour the water into the bottle - drop the bottle in and start measuring out the formula.
by the time i have the scoop loaded and ready, the warming is done and i mix, shake and feed.
it really isn't that complicated, just takes some logical planning.
my husbands not so good at that so the results weren't always consistent, but is never had a problem :)
this unit works very quickly to heat the four ounce bottles for our son, however you must watch the amount of water you add as it will overheat the bottles if left on for too long.
the water level determines the length the unit runs so i just stand over it and watch it for the 60-90 seconds it takes instead of ending up with an overheated bottle that i have to let cool down.
this is the only bottle warmer i have ever used so i really have nothing to compare it to.
it was difficult to get the bottle at the right temp - it was either too hot or too cold.
by the time i had it at an acceptable temp, my baby was already screaming for the bottle.
the bottle would sometimes be too hot and would leak at the top.
that left a residue at the bottom of the warmer which would emit a weird odor that might make you think something is burning.
you might have better luck with it but it just didn't work for us.
we use the playtex bottles with the disposable liners and had a problem finding a warmer that stated it could also do those types of bottles.
this was the only one.
it doesn't do too bad, but sometimes it has its days where it nearly boils the formula and the next day the formula might still be ice-cold after getting "warmed".
we do like the auto-shut-off, because that's what we'd listen for at those 4am feedings (the click).
more than likely we will have to toss this when our son is done using bottles and will buy another one with our next child.
definitely nothing fancy and maybe not the absolute best product, but it works great for the price we paid for it.
i'm quite convinced now that late pregnancy and early post-partum are probably the worst periods of time to try to figure out gadgets that don't have clear instructions.
in my case, although there was a warning that a basket should always be used in the warmer, my brain erased that comment with the subsequent paragraph that said wide mouth bottles don't require the lift out basket.
to be clearer, in both places it should say that the large basket is always required (otherwise you are heating the bottle directly on the plate and also in boiling water... both of which are no-nos.the instructions are also too simplistic.
the type of bottle one uses (shape, size, material) will very dramatically affect how the heat from the steam impacts the solution being heated.
in my successful experiment with water chilled in the fridge to about 40 f, i needed to add 2x the max level in the provided measuring tube to get the water up to about 80 f. the unit was on for about 6 minutes until the water all vaporized.
this is more than 2x the amount generally recommended in the instruction sheet and the sticker plastered to the side of the unit has even less detail.note that if you make the mistake of running the unit without any basket, some overheat sensor will trip before the water is completely used up after about a minute or so.given that there is unlikely any product out there which monitors the temp of the solution being heated (or is otherwise aware of what kind of bottle/solution combo is in place), trial and error and patience will be required with any such product.
life will probably be easier for formula babies since formula doesn't change over time!good luck!p.s.
a water softener with regular applications of rust-inhibitor solution, or the use of distilled water will probably reduce the amount of cleaning required.
using vinegar to remove mineral deposits is the age old standard for cleaning everything from pots and pans to humidifiers etc.
i think this product works well, i just wish it was less prone to tipping over when i push the activation button.
we have the full sized dr. brown bottle warmer but it's too big to carry along on short trips and vacations.pros:inexpensive but not cheap.
it's hard to find a functional bottle warmer in this price.sized perfectly for travel.
we had no problem warming dr. brown's wide neck 8 oz bottles and similac's odd shaped bottles.heats up fast.
average warming time for an 8 oz bottle with 5 oz formula is around 2 1/2 - 3 1/2 minutes depending if it's room temperature or chilled.cons:outside of bottles gets really hot to touch.
be careful in lifting your bottles with your bare hands.no built in water reservoir.
water has to be measured and poured with every use.warmer needs a cool down period of at least 10 minutes with every use.
i wish we had gotten it earlier.
they're for my grandson, we were fine,  , i recommend it.works great time i answer came with the product.
it is way so powerful that it splashes the liquid everywhere..my point of buying this product was to help the formula less bubbling when mixing..but it created more..what a disappointment..
with my 8th child who is currently 6 weeks old we had to use dr brown bottles.
you aren't supposed to shake powdered formula in that bottle.
so we were looking for a way to mix the formula when we found this product.
this product works and well.
it should be pulsed when mixing.
if you use it wrong it will be like using a hammer to kill a fly.
i am very glad to have found this product.
my only complaint is for sanitary reasons it should have an option for a case.
i'm confused.
why would one even need this product?
what's wrong with just shaking the formula in the bottle?
my husband and i love this mixer - we first used the munchkin one, but didn't like that you had to constantly hold down the button to make it work, with this one you just flip the switch and it stays on.
i like that it helps mix the formula and that there are no clumps left so there is no need to shake the bottles when you're done - so i know the nutrients are distributed evenly/correctly.
this is worth the money!
**after 2 months of use, though, the first one we purchased broke - not sure how/why, but the mixer came out of unit when we were using it, so we have since purchased a replacement.
*******edit: now the second one has broken as well - it starts making a very high pitched whining sound and then the "mixer" comes out of the "base" while you're using it (while it's turned on) and all we're doing it mixing powder formula and water in a mixing bowl - we are not touching the sides or the bottom of the bowl*****
my wife picked up this interesting little gizmo and i get a kick out of using it.
and no lumps or clots to stick in the nipple.
basically, our son is fed mother's milk, but he's growing fast, has a growing hunger and sometimes mom just can't keep up.
our boy doesn't like straight formula and grimaces and refuses to consume it (unless he's extremely hungry).
however, he'll take a 50/50 mixture of mother's milk and formula without even noticing, so that's what he's getting at times and this little mixer will really churn them together.
i have only two dislikes for the mixer.
so far, this has not been a major problem, especially since i let the mix set a bit, and i'm careful with the mixing so that it isn't overly churned.
some reviews have complained of durability problems, but we've had none as yet.i wonder what else i can use a gizmo like this for.
hmmmmm.
it might be real good at the bar for fixing small pitchers of martinis.
the problem is i don't have a bar and don't drink martinis.
maybe i could use one in the workshop for mixing and stirring up small amounts of paint.
maybe, i'll give it some more thought.gary peterson
this is fantastic!
i prefer to mix formula one bottle at a time and this was the only thing that i could use to do that short of shaking the bottle (and thus adding bubbles that upset my baby's tummy).
it's inexpensive but it lasted the entire time i was making bottles of formula - for about a year.
i really wish i had had one of these with my first baby.
worth more to me than what i paid, for sure!
i got this formula mixer for my son who is eating more and more so shaking 6 bottles at a pop can be annoying.
i use this on my 11 oz avent bottles and it comes in very handy when shaking doesn't cut it.the reason i took a star off is because it is mainly a glorified cake mixer slapped with a baby label and justified with a price hike.
it takes a while to get used to otherwise there will be a big mess.
i have no qualms with this product but i wouldn't go out of my way to push it due to the price and what it is.
if moms think it will be helpful, go get it!
i often have to make bottles on the go or at other people's houses and this allows me to mix formula within seconds with virtually no bubbles!
just be careful the first time you use it; it goes so fast that it could splash up on you if you aren't paying attention and you leave it in there for too long.
the mixer seems very handy but i could not use it as i intended because it would not fit down far enough in dr. brown's 8-ounce bottles (regular width, not sure about wide).
i personally think it spins way too fast though.
i wandered across this at babies 'r' us.
no more leaking bottles as you try to shake powdered formula with water (and just get lumps!).
about 4 seconds of this blender right in the bottle and milk is totally blended.
doesn't spatter, even in small (4 oz) bottles; easy one-hand operation (while bottle is sitting on counter and baby is in the other arm!).
then just rinse the end and set aside for next time.
this mixer is great.
i dont like shaking bottles cause it makes them foamy and i inevitably get formula on me.
also when your done mixing bottles it is great for chocolate milk and grown up drink mixes.
this really makes sure that the formula is mixed without clumps.
lifetime of it is poor, but at such an low price with high return, it is worth buying a couple.
i would have given it five stars if it did not break so frequently.
these work well for preventing spit up and air in baby's tummy.
but there are too many parts to clean and put together just for a bottle.
if you don't mind that, then these are a good choice.
i tried the dr. brown system but was unsatisfied for several reasons.
first of all, the bottles flowed too fast causing my son to choke and gag with every couple of swallows.
not surprisingly, this led to terrible gas and spitting up every time we fed.secondly, i think these bottles are overpriced.
even if they had worked for me, i would have been hard pressed to spend all that extra money.
bottle feeding is not rocket science and no mother should have to pay that much to feed her child successfully.finally, although the wide-neck bottles may be a little easier to clean, they also come with more parts than standard bottles, so it all evens out anyway.
for our particular situation, dr. brown's was not the answer.
this bottle worked just fine for us, but there are so many parts it's a nuisance to clean.
i think the playtex ventairs actually reduce burping better.
because his digestive system was still immature, he was extremely difficult to burp, which caused major gas issues.
after going through 2 bottles of mylicon in the first 2 weeks after he was born, i decided to give these bottles a try.
wow!
i saw a difference after the first feeding.
i went to burp my son, expecting to spend my usual 15-20 minutes trying to get him to burp, and imagine my surprise after two minutes this huge burp came out of this tiny baby!
and an hour later, he was happy as a clam, where in the past, he would have his legs pulled up to his chest, in pain from gas.i don't understand what the problem is that people have with cleaning the bottles.
i hand-wash my bottles, and sterilize them in the dishwasher about once a week, and after the first few washes, the extra parts were a non-issue.
i also can't figure out how people can't seem to get the beige vent or the tube clean.
unless you let your bottles sit for days until the forumla gets caked on, a simple soaking in hot water and dish detergent before using the special brush should be all that is needed to keep the vent and the tube clean.
if that doesn't work, then you can always boil the pieces for about a minute to sterilize them, without the pieces becoming distorted.
i also shake the vents and tubes out after washing to dislodge any water that might be remaining inside the holes.
also, if necessary, i have seen in the babies r us store that they sell a 2-pack of vents, as well as a 2-pack of tubes in case the need for new ones arises.my only complaint is that the bottles do leak if they fall on their side for a period of time, so that can be a little tricky when traveling in the diaper bag.
i solved that problem by pre-measuring water and putting it into one of my medela breast pump bottles (which come with lids).
then, while i'm out, i just add formula to the breast pump bottle and shake, then i pour the formula into the empty dr. brown's bottle.
problem solved!i would definitely recommend these bottles to anyone who has a newborn that has serious burping and gas issues!
i bought these bottles as well as the avent bottles and i have to say these are much better than the avent bottles.
my daughter got too many bubbles in her bottle with the avent bottles.
she has no problems with gas when we use these bottles so i have stopped using the avent bottles all together.
we made the switch from playtex to dr. brown when our son was having issues with spit up and gas.
the first thing i noticed about these bottles is there was less dribbling during feedings.
i have not found cleaning to be a problem.
you do need to use the white disc in the bottles when traveling to keep the bottles from leaking (even if you keep them upright, they still somehow leak), but one solution i use is to pre-measure the powder in the bottle and ad water when ready (instead of carrying bottles of water and adding the powder).
it's lighter in the diaper bag, less mess, easier to mix as you don't have to completely remove the components (just move them aside to pour the water in) and i don't have to fool with popping the white disc out by touching the nipple.
i did not give the 4 oz bottles 5 stars as the stem barely reaches the top of the formula when filled to 4 oz.
even though i like the size, we found it better to make a 4 oz bottle in the 8 oz size so we don't have to worry about the blue tip being covered with formula.
i bought these bottles with the hopes that they'd reduce my baby's gas and fussiness.
i thought these were the answer based on all the great reviews they got on this site.
however, the stage 1 nipple was way too fast for my baby, and it caused her to spit up nearly everything i had just fed her at every single feeding!
i kept thinking she just needed to get used to the nipple flow, so i stuck with it.
but she just got fussier and fussier because she was spitting up everything at each feeding.
i went back to the vent aire bottle i started out with.
i had read good things about them, but when i went to buy them at my babies r us, the only ones i could buy were the wide mouthed bottles.
these bottles have a wider nipple that is shaped more like the breast.
my son is primarily breast fed, but he has had no problems with these bottles when i don't feed him myself.
i started giving him a few ounces of water at 2 weeks old, and he immediately took to these bottles.
at one month, i tried to give him a six ounce platex ventair bottle after my babies r us was out of the larger dr. browns bottles.
he refused to take to the smaller nipple.
i suggest that you do use the wide mouth dr. browns bottles, but they are not available online.i have not had a problem cleaning them at all.
the only problem i have had comes when i do give him formula.
the instructions say not to shake it in the bottle, so i usually stir it instead.
one reviewer mentioned that when you add water, you go over the "do not fill above this line" mark.
i avoid this by measuring my water in a separate bottle, then i add about half the water, stir, then the other half.
that has eliminated any problem regarding that mark.i strongly recommend this product!
i bought a starter pack of these bottles due to the fact my daughter spit up alot of other bottles we tried.
we now use these, and she can actually sleep after taking her bottle.
i know they take longer to clean, but it is worth it if you have a happier baby!
it is more effort to clean, due to the extra parts, but it's worth it.
i actually registered for and received the avent bottles.
however, i noticed that my daughter was having trouble with the nipples and a ton of gas.
my mother-in-law suggested the dr. brown's bottles.
what a difference.
the gassiness that my daughter was experiencing has decreased alot.
i would suggest them to anyone.
they also fit in the sterilizer (laying down).
my infant has had colic problems since day 1 it seems.
for a few weeks we tried everything we could to try to make things better for him.
he would cry and scream while wiggling trying to get rid of the gas bubbles.
i mean, yeah, it is annoying to wash soooooo many pieces and its very time consuming, however, it is very worth it!
recommend these to everyone!
when my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including evenflo, triflow, avent, ventair, etc.
we ended up throwing all other bottles away.
i had read other reviews about the small parts being difficult to wash, but i don't really have a problem with that.
we don't have a dishwasher and i end up hand washing everything.
i can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
my only suggestion is to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles.
dr. brown's is obviously a highly recommended bottle, particularly for those who have colicky babies or those who spit up/have gas frequently.dr.
brown's came in as the #2 choice for my newborn.
the #1 winner was actually the playtex ventaire standard bottle.
so, i'd recommend trying both brands to see which one your baby likes best.the dr. brown's bottle nipple seemed to have a faster flow than the ventaire, even thought he nipples look almost identical!
i also tracked how much my baby spit up or had gas after feedings using all the different bottles and she had more of both with the dr. brown's bottle--i think because the nipple flow is too fast for her.the other thing to note about the dr. brown's bottle is there are a couple of parts that go into the bottle that help reduce the air bubbles that need to be thoroughly cleaned with the little pipe cleaner thing that comes with the bottle and that's a little bit of a hassle.
i'd just recommend trying both dr. brown's and playtex ventaire since they are both so similar in function, size, etc.
i am so happy we have them!
it does exactly what it says... at least in my experience it does.
my daughter burps easily, and sometimes not at all (without any negative effects)... her spit up is minimized by the bottles and she does have colic.
so, anything that reduces the bubbles in her digestive tract are good in my book.i would recommend these to anyone looking to buy bottles for their newborn.
:)
dr. brown's bottles are great!
i recently purchased these bottles because my daughter suffers from reflux and needed rice added to her formula to thicken her feedings.
at that time i was using avent bottles and they did not have a nipple to accommodate the thickened formula.
so, i purchased dr. brown's bottles and used the "y" cut nipples for the thickened formula.
they worked great.the only downside to these bottles is that when warmed, the milk sometimes rises into the tube inside  the bottle which causes the milk to leak out into the warmer.
needless to say, i have had to clean my bottle warmer several times.
i've been using them for a month and my daughter is a pro.
the reason for the 4 stars and not 5 is only because the bottles are somewhat annoying to clean by hand.
i do put them in the dishwasher, which makes things much easier, but you need a good supply of bottles then.
i was given a dr. brown's bottle as a shower gift and am so glad that i got it!
wide-mouth bottle)when i stopped breastfeeding i started using 4 oz.
avent bottles for several reasons.
first, because i ended up with 8 of them after purchasing other avent products and second, because the lactation consultant that taught my breastfeeding class recommended them stating they were more like the breast.when i started looking at purchasing larger 8 oz.
bottles i remembered that i had received a dr. brown's bottle and decided to try it to see if my daughter would take it.
the wide-mouth nipples look very similar to the avent ones.
she spit up often and would sometimes spit up what looked like half her bottle when she had trouble burping.
she took the dr. brown's bottle instantly and so i decided to buy a few more and switch for a week or two to see if there was any benefit.
i'm so glad that i did!once i got past the fact that the bottle looked as big as my daughter's head (the 8 oz.
), i realized that she was burping much more easily and hardly spitting up at all.i truly believe the benefits of using this bottle outweigh the extra parts you have to clean.
after doing some research i discovered that one of the main reasons bottle-fed babies get more ear infections is because of the "vacuum effect" traditional bottles have.
now, when my daughter is really hungry, she can take practically the whole bottle without ever having to break her latch!i really like the nipples as well.
they are much thinner than the avent ones and mold better to my baby's mouth.
i suppose this is because the avent ones have to be thicker and stronger to resist collapsing under pressure?others have stated that leaking is a problem.
they will leak only if:1) you heat them without loosening the top (collar/nipple)2) you travel with them without putting the disk in the top designed to keep them from leakingdon't do these things and you shouldn't have any problems.i definitely recommed you at least try these.
i do recommend the wide-mouth bottles, though.
i have recommended the bottles to several friends, however they are kind of a pain to clean since there are so many parts.
i do like that they're easy to hold for both mom and baby, and i like the fact that they are supposed to reduce gas in babies.
honestly, though even though its a bit time consuming to clear all the parts i have seen a noticeable difference in these bottles compared to others i have tried, however.
like other bottles these also get watermarks and formula smudge on them easily- you can tell when the bottle goes from clear to very blurry looking so you have to clan with soap and water with almost every use.
secondly, you only get one small pipe cleaner brush for the smaller holes in the vented plastic parts inside.
so far, i have no had any formula get stuck inside but i still have to clean it, just in case.
they are also not as sturdy as some of the other plastic bottles for some reason, the plastic is a little more flimsy and the formula takes a little longer to heat up.
the only reason i continue to put up with this is because ever since using these although my sons gas has not completely dissipated, he burps on his own more.
i registed for the playtex ventaire bottles thinking they were the best bottles.
i was very disapointed with them, my daughter would spill all the formula out of the sides of the bottles it was so difficult to feed her.
then a friend of mine suggested these bottles, they were a god send , i really believe they also helped her get rid of gas problems.. the only problem i have is they are hard to clean, but worth it....
she spit up a lot after feedings with the avent bottles (my other daughter had no problem with the avent bottles) and since they were going to be on 2 different formulas, it seemed a good idea to get a brand new bottle type.
although i believe she spit up much less with the dr. brown system, she ate so slowly that she would only finish half of her bottle and then would fall asleep (she had been drinking 5 oz.
and could only finish between 2-3 oz.
she would then wake up hungry in 2 hours when she previously was eating every 3 1/2-4 hours!
i have since stopped using the system and now just use different nipples on the tops of these bottles.
it was sort of a waste of money for me but it might be that my daughter is a fussy eater.
she did spit up less so that was a good thing but not worth the small and slow feedings.
i truly believe in dr. brown bottles!
we used the avent bottles and they were a nightmare!
she would cry during and after eating, because she would get so much gas.
we are lucky to have found dr. browns bottles.
these bottles are a must for babies with colic.
we tried everything to help him.
then she brought me these.. and he has not had a problem since... my son is a happy baby again!!!!
i read on here that cleaning them is a pain.. but that is just not so.
i hand clean bottles anyways and it is so simple to clean these bottles, i can't believe that ppl are so lazy as to complain about a couple extra seconds to run a brush in 3 holes.
gimmie a break.
i also clean a bunch of parts for my pump, so i just do it all at once.
oh!!!
and these bottles fit on my medela pump, so i can just pump right in the bottle!!!!
and we havent had any leaks, btw... these things are great.
oh, and they also make a widemouth version that you can get at babies r us... just in case you prefer them....
i wish i had gotten these earlier.. my son is 7 weeks (he was born at 32 weeks, btw) and he is a different baby with these bottles.
as you can see in the picture the bottles are (supposed) to be clear and not the bpa free ones.
i ordered these because i wanted the ones that are not bpa free.
i wanted them to be completly clear.
when i recieved them i was sad to see that they were the bpa free kind.
if i wanted the bpa free ones i would have order them for $7 cheaper per pack..needless to say i am getting a refund.
but apparently dr. browns doesnt make the clear (non bpa free) ones anymore :( so i suppose i will have to get the bpa free kind, but at least i will be getting them cheaper then this.
i'm all about new and up dating, even though it's on 1 child, i like to research and know that it's the best or at least the close to it.
i tried the avent first, it's ok, but i'm not fond of the plain look.
i tried gerber, playtex and so on.
it was ok for awhile then things starting getting messy.
now this bottle is very difficult.
it has so much things you have to assemble.
if you put just a tad more milk the lid will leak and it's not easy trying to wash that skinny tube.
if you are looking for the best bottle or nipple, i recommend nam.
they came out with a new bottle and nipple.
if i had ten hands i'd give it (10) thumbs up!
my baby has reflux and extra gas just makes him completely miserable.
we got these bottles when he was 3-weeks old and they really do make a difference!
i'm a pediatrician, so i was a skeptic when i read that the bottle claimed to reduce gas/colic.
but i think i'm convinced!
i have found them on amazon with great prize.
originally i was thinking of buying the playtex nurser system, but did't want to spend more money on those little plastic inserts.
my baby has bad gas, and i knew these bottles would help.
they have proven to be the best there is.
there are a few parts to each bottle but it is easy to put together in no time.
and i'd rather clean a few parts then spend more money on those plastic inserts.
it practically stopped his spit-up, he's never had colic, and by using these bottles and giving him gas drops, he's got no gas, and is a happy baby!
i also like how these bottles easily connect to my breast pump---they say it's best to pump into the bottle you're going to feed your baby with, i don't know why.
i bought the 4 oz bottles for when he was a newborn, and now we use the 8oz bottles too.
i'm trying to spread the word about how great these things are.
and they aren't expensive!
my son hardly spits up from it (only from over eating).
i have no problem with it leaking as long as the top is twisted on correctly.
i read the reviews and thought this was going to be the answer for the cereal bottles and bought 9 bottles in total.
however, everything clogged in them and it never worked well for me at all.also, target lost my order and eventually it arrived, weeks late.
then, when i tried to return it for a refund, they had an administrative glitch and refunded us for $0.
frustrating...a very bad experience with a product that worked very poorly for me.not recommended.
my son has reflux and the doctor said to put some rice cereal in his bottle.
these nipples have helped me to do so.
it took my son a couple of tries to understand not to suck too hard because he was getting more but he's a pro now!
she was having issues getting her meal with a level 2, so i discovered these and thought our problems were solved.
unfortunatley, these nipples flow too fast for her and she was gulping/choking trying to keep up.
i am hoping the older she gets, we will be able to use them and get our money's worth!
item was just as described my ds just wouldn't take the rice cereal from the bottle.
we have to spoon feed it to him.
i bought these because i thought that i was going to start adding cereal to my son's milk, however then realized this was a no no.
i know that many people out there do this and i'm sure this nipple would work out great, however i did not use this product after all.
i looked for spoons that i could take everywhere and didnt had to wrap on a napkin (annoying) and found this.
read some reviews before buying it and i agree that one doesn't fit ...instead of placing the 8 of them, only 7 fit but that's not an issue as i dont use all in one day so i just leave one outside for next time.
i like this travel holder of utensils for my little one.
since your not able to choose colors, i was hoping for green and blue and i received just that.
i like that it came with the variety of forks and spoons (green).
the cover easily snaps it close (no fuss),washable, bpa-free, slim and portable.
what more can i want from this product?
nuby makes great products so i would buy this item again with my next baby!
i haven't used the utensils as much since i had already bought other spoons.
i was looking for something to hold the spoons i had for daycare and travel.
they were fairly long spoons and this worked great!!
also nice to have all the extra utensils for when i run out.
we like this and have used it often.
however, only seven of the eight utensils will fit with the lid on the case.
this didn't matter much for us, though - we just leave a spoon at home!
he is old enough (fifteen months) to be able to use a pointier fork, so i will be checking soon to see if one of our sharper forks will fit in the case.and, as it says in the title, colors can vary.
ours is orange and yellow, which i like better than the pink in the picture since it's more gender neutral.
this is the perfect way to store utensils for on the go.
they are easy to clean.
i recommend them.
i was initially hesitant to go with evenflo, we had used dr. brown's with our first child (they were pre-bpa scare bottles so we trashed them).
i'm pleased to say that these nipples (and the glass bottles) work just fine and don't seem to give my little guy any trouble with air.
they work great.evenflo classic 4 oz.
glass nurser - 6-pack
the only thing i wish was a little different about these is the shape.
they are the same shape as the slow flow nipples, and i have to stare at the tops of them to try to decide if the hole is larger (making them fast flow).
nipple flow rate is just right for babies older than 6 months.
so far 3 months of use and still no problems: boil them or steralize in microwavable bags and still haven't had to replace any
like it a lot.
they are great made material.
i change this silicone nipples for 4 months.
they are very durable and doesnt cause any leakage!
i like that i can order them online with amazon prime so it avoids a trip to the store just for 1 small item.
i've had no issue with it yet.
i just needed some nipples and locally the stores were to expensive and i didn't feel like traveling to target.
at any rate, they're leaking and i've thrown them out.
at 3 months, he was having a hard time getting the milk to flow through the 0-3 month nipples, so we bought some of the 3-6 month and 6+month nipples.
the 6 month nipples flowed too fast even at 5 months, but now that he's 6 months, they work perfectly for him.
i ordered these because they said slow flow, and they really are not in my opinion.
i was expecting them to be a bit slower.
the price was great.
however these are very bad for compatibility, and they are very leaky.
even on evenflow bottles these leaked liked crazy.
i ended up throwing these away after two weeks trying to find the right combo that didn't drench my kids neck.
i tried evenflow, medela, gerber, and parents choice bottles.
leaked in all of them.
this is a great price for nipples, and you  might think you should stockpile ( i did, i bought a dozen) but it's not worth it, you get what you pay for.
my choice for standard nipples is playtex ventaire nipples.
since we began using those nipples no leaks.
in fact, we noticed no gas too, we switched to using almost allplaytex ventaire advanced standard bottles 9-ounce, 3 pack (colors vary)as our main bottle.
the nipple ring is tight and the nipple is stiff, the bottle design prevents nipple collapse and makes airflow work in the perfect combo so that he never got a gassy tummy again.
spend the money, buy the good stuff.
these nipples are not bad but still did not slow down my son from eating too fast.
my daughter does like them but they are not a favorite.
these nipples worked perfectly and wore well.
never developed any stains either.
i have the nipples given to us in the hospital and they are slow flow.
these nipples allow milk to flow out when the bottle is upside down unlike the other slow flows i have.
we have a drama-queen in the house.
she is 7 mo and she requires her milk to be given to her in parent's choice bottles with evenflo nipples... no idea why, but that is the only way she takes her milk; took us some time to figure this one out, but got there eventually.
these can be sterilized in water in the microwave.
they last well (we change all the nipples once every 2 months).
they are reasonably soft, but last long enough.
good product.
these are very good.
only problem i would say is that there is no way to tell which are fast, medium or slow - there are no markings.
when you have dr. instructions on feeding your baby (as i do, she has swallowing issues), you need to have different nipples and these are a drag without having a system of telling which are which.
to figure out which it is, you have to put liquid in each one and see how fast it comes out.
easier to just keep them seperate all the time!
affordable and they fit well so the bottles vent but don't leak.
these low-flow nipples helped both my grandchildren when they were newborns until about 5 months.
they had much less colic and gas when using them.
i've stocked up to have them for future grandchildren, because i haven't come across another type or brand of nipple that works so well.
i have no complain about the product...but the baby just do not like it...she takes any pacifier bu not this one... donno why..
this was the perfect pacifier for my baby and the only one she could stand after trying more than 10 types.
my son never used these...since he is a boy and the ones i received were pink...so i can't attest to whether he liked them or not.maybe it's just me, but colors may vary just doesn't fly with baby stuff unless all the colors are neutral.
i gave these 5 stars because they are soft and well designed.
however my baby doesn't like them but it is my own fault for not reinforcing the pacifier soon enough so i bought these to try them, hoping that my baby would magically take it.
we are exclusively breastfeeding (second baby) and i was looking for something that the baby would take.
but stay in much better than the soothies, which babies often have trouble keeping in.
the paci seems nice.
shaped more like a bulb and less like the orthodontic ones.
my little one refused to use this paci, but he is very particular when it comes to these.
let me first say that i didn't buy our pacifiers from amazon, so i haven't had any problems with colors or anything.this pacifier is my son's favorite.
he can hold it in his mouth easily, and it doesn't seem to bother his sore gums, now that he is teething badly.
with the more narrow base, he can compress the nipple inside his mouth without putting a lot of pressure on his gums.
we have tried other pacifiers, because these particular ones are becoming difficult for me to find at my local store.
my boy didn't like any of them.
only this one will do.
we did have to look over all of the "bulb" portions of the pacis, to check for wear, so some of our older ones had to be thrown out.
it's not a mark against the product though, since my boys have plenty of teeth, and like to bite and pull on these.
used for dolls, and these are as close to the vintage version that was very similar as i can find :)
first try i bought her pacifiers, i bought these at the grocery store and ever since she will spit out or throw any other pacifiers, but these.
more than half the time she'll go right to sleep when i give her her pacifier or she'll calm down.
i don't give a crap about color because its not like my daughter cares right now anyways, as long as these do their job and help my daughter stay calm or go to sleep is all i care about.
my daughter has been taking these since she was born, shes now almost three and i just cant get rid of them like i wanted to.
the nipples are round and wont start messing up on you after all that chewing and sucking.
my 17 month old son loves this pacifier - however - the problem is that it is addictive!
it was the first pacifier he was introduced to so her will not take any other pacifier.
this is a huge headache because its very hard to find them in some stores and when we lost it while on vacation we had a very very hard day.
one pack was blue and one was pink.
not sure if it makes a difference, but the ones i received the rubber part is pulled through and clamped under the paci.
these seem to expel water from inside the nipple easier, which is good.
because i have had some that looked like the one pictured and it is difficult to clear the water after washing.
then baby makes a squishing noise when sucking and makes it hard for him to sleep.
this is the second time i ordered from here and received the same style.
last time i got two packages of pink.
i have a boy.
but it is okay, as we use these for sleep at home only.
since these are so hard to find retail (only at wall***t)and often out of stock, we have been using a similar shaped paci from avent?
i wanted to get him used to a different type in case we ran into a situation where we couldn't find this paci.
overall i am happy with the product and the shipper (preferred mart), i just wish we could pick our color or they sent neutral colors.
took one star off immediately even though i knew i could not pick colors.
amazon could fix this if they wished.
i ordered two sets hoping to get one neutral color for my son.
i got yellow and pink.
i tried to give him every single kind & he hated them all until i came across these.
i should have read the reviews  :(  really need a choice of colors on this product so everyone doesn't end up with pink.
lots of unhappy customers with boys.
my baby kept on gagging on these.
the teat is very big!
these aren't the best nipples we purchased, but they're not the worst either.
they are not leak proof though so if you're looking for leak proof these are not it.
also, if you're one who puts cereal in the bottle (something i don't recommend doing unless a doctor suggests it - just a personal opinion) the holes aren't big enough for that either.
i bought these through prime to avoid a trip to a box store.
i like these.
they are not fast flow, which would choke my son.
these are perfect for younger babies.
updated february 21, 2014:my kids are 5 now.
reflecting back on all the products for babies that were placed on prominent shelves and highly advertised on the internet, much of what we bought was unnecessary.
price signals in the baby product category don't seem that relevant in that expensive items were often not of better quality.
the most important thing for parents of newborns is to try to get some babysitting help so they can sleep more and have some down time.
these have fit the purpose well.
* standard vs. non-standard: it's important to get nipples that fit your bottles.
for example, gerber and medela have standard bottles.
i have cats.. and they like to get a hold of the nipples when i leave a bottle out so i need to keep buying these.
my two month old tends to chicle on the milk when to much comes out of a regular nipple this doesn't take away the problem completely but reduces the occurrences
i like gerber products.
what is the point of them i do not know.
would have returned but not worth even worrying with so i just threw them away!!
if you get them make sure you have the same brand of bottles and all the other parts.
they almost dont fit the nipple rings of the medela bottles the nipples come out of the ring when my son handles them a little rough and all the milk starts pouring out.
we had to use these nipples with enfamil nipple rings/capsenfamil slow flow soft nipple, 12-countthe only down side is these caps dont take or have any caps.but there is one big advantage of these nipples, which is they dont get stuck like other nipples.
my baby is used to pinching on the nipple hard, other nipples get stuck due to vacuum and milk doesn't pass.
i wish it fit the medela bottle a little better.
it is said to be good for colic babies not sure how exactly that works.i would recommend this if your kid has the same problem as mine.
the only thing is that you have to be sure that it fits you bottle these are the standard ones.
i think one good test is if the free standard nipples that come with those ready to feed similac bottlessimilac advance newborn, ready to feed, 2-fluid ounces (pack of 48) (packaging may vary)or above mentioned enfamil nipples fit you bottles then these will fit your bottles as well.
silicone is not thin as the others we have tried.
price i paid is about right.
my kids are not complaining.made in usa.
it left room where it leaks when the baby pulls the nipple.
i still manage to use it next time i will try gerberbottles.
i have tried almost every nipple for my twins.
she is spiriting up less since i started unsung these nipples.
i am going to order more
these are great replacement nipples for the gerber essential bottles.
this was a great deal, cheaper than in the local store and since i am a prime member free shipping.
would buy more!
... these are pretty good.
i'd give them more stars for seeming durability and accurately described as "fast flow," but fewer stars because the base circumference seems to be smaller around than the other nipples.
we just shake the bottles with a paper towel around the top... weird, but it does the trick alright.
i'd probably buy them again if they were $1, but with the leaks, a few cents more for another brand is probably best.
i had latex nipples for my gerber bottles, but after a couple washes they felt sticky & didn't ever seem clean.
so i tried these & they are so much better.
much more durable & easier to clean.
since they are clear it is easy to see if you missed a spot of formula, especially if it was a bottle that didn't get rinsed right away.
could be better.
it is hard to exactly push the cap down directly onto the nipple and keep the nipple at 90 degrees.
i've had these caps fill with similac when the bottle topples over in a diaper bag...try feeding a hungry baby in a mall with a cup full of milk that is about to leak all over everything...not fun...to improve the product, there should be an upside-down saucer-shaped plastic piece in the dead center of the inside of the top of the cap.
this would guide the nipple to a perfect position every time, eliminating the problem above.also, this cap gives you no real grip on the top of the bottle.
avent bottles seem to almost weld themselves shut after a few hours in the fridge.
try opening an avent bottle with this cap on.
about half the time, the condensation on the bottle requires me to take the cap off to get leverage on the avent screw-on nipple locking ring.
but maybe it's just me...i don't know.on the plus side, they are very easy to clean, very easy to stack, and float nicely in a sink full of water.these are just bottle caps...what do we expect?
i find when i run them through the dishwasher, inevitably at least one flips over and fills with dirty dishwater by the time the cycle is complete.
given that we always have lots of bottles in circulation, it pays to have a few extra.one trick to get them from flipping over in the dishwasher and collecting water is to place four of them together face down and pin them down by putting a bowl on the top of them to weigh them down.
do that and they'll always come out clean.
i bought these as extras in case i lose some as my son gets older.
i use this not only for baby's bottle cap but to train baby to sip from a regular cup.
i fill it halfway with water and have my 8 month old sip from it.
be careful and just let baby's lips barely touch the water as it could go into the wrong tube.
i know when she's done when she lets the water spill out from her mouth, sort of playing with the water.
we have used avent bottle for all 4 of children and always seem to loose the lids.
these work just as expected.
the lids to our bottles seem to forever be disappearing at day care.
it was great to be able to pick up some replacement lids without needing to replace the entire product.
i really love those caps,it came out so much handy and easy to clean .highly recommend.two thumbs up for all avent products!!!
we use these bpa-free caps to cover our toddler's klean kanteen sippy.
the only drawback is that they are very easy to lose.
the sippy spouts used to get covered with dust, lint, etc., but with these caps that's no longer an issue.
sometimes i notice condensation inside so they do have to be cleaned regularly to prevent any mildew/mold from growing there.
the kids used to play with the door so much we talked about just taking it off.
someone was always getting their fingers pinched.since we got this they actually stopped playing with the door all together since it won't close.i would have given it 5 stars if it was just a little thicker  - if it was it would also be able to prevent the hinge from closing on little fingers too.overall, it does what it says it does, for a good price, without being permanent.
i open the drawer and put it on the back corner and when she pushes on it to stand it wedges into the corner and makes the drawer stay open.
i think these are sturdier than others we've tried and they makes them good for insistant toddlers.
very good product.
we put it in top if the door and you don't even notice it's there.
i try to keep ahead of what will harm my kids like covers over the oven knobs and a lock proof top for sparkletts water dispenser.
these are great too.
i can put them high enough that the kids can't get to them and don't have to worry about squished fingers.
my husband bought too many and he ended up using one on a remote for the tv so that the kids would stop losing it.
talk about a great way to repurpose this thing.
i have a set of double doors going into the media room.
the door monkey won't work on those.
it's a little pricey, but you get a good product.
i actually use this to keep the door open to the room where we keep the cat's litter box.
its a subtle product and keep guests from closing the door.
we are buying more of these.we bought two originally to keep our door cracked and the baby room door cracked so we aren't opening and shutting doors all the time.
it's just enough to let the crying noise through but not the lights from the rest of the house.they have withstood twin teething toddlers, and fit our doors great.
we live in a house with doors from the 60s.most of the bad reviews about these are on exterior doors being slammed or blown by wind... all i can say is they can withstand the slamming of a toddler really well.
my oldest son got his finger caught in a door jam at school, after spending time in the er we were not going to let it happen again.
this works great to protect from pinches, but will do nothing if your child veers toward the space hinge side.
i had high hopes for these little guys but no such luck.
easy packaging literally open and they are ready to go.
i put one on my bathroom door and it worked to prevent it slamming on my son's fingers, but it left the gap at the other side of the door where the hinges are, where he eventually worked his way over and crunch slammed them in there instead.
:(i am sure these were designed for the one option on the door and they work for that, but they did not address the other side and for that i give it a 2 star.i have since removed them and found that my daughter uses them as elf ears for dress up.
i had found a couple of these at a local discount store that were on sale that i just couldn't pass up.
we have one on our 15-lite dining room door that our 20 month toddler will sometimes close (or slam) and one on her bedroom door.
it makes me feel so much better not having to worry about her slamming her fingers in the door.
i have been using playtex bottles with liners since my second child was born.
i must say i loved the drop-ins until the expandable drop-ins came out.
when my 3rd child started using 8 oz, i started searching for an alternative.
i stumbled across these on amazon and after some quick math, realized that these liners priced at $5.99/free shipping for 140 liners were the absolute cheapest liners you could get.
so i had to try them.
my aunts assured me that they were all that they used with their children and it wasn't that bad.
they really aren't bad.
in fact, there are some things i like better about them.
i love that if you squeeze the air out of these that there is no chance of the liner popping off the ring and milk going everywhere.
i love the more compact packaging and that the liners can be pulled easily out of the carton when needed.
they do only go to 8 oz but i have never had a baby to take more than 8 oz at one time.
the only flaw i can find is that it does take a few extra seconds to get the liner in the bottle than a drop-in but for the perks i will live with it.
i didn't realize that it costs just as much in the store near by where i live.
now i just get it from the store then i dont have to wait for it to be shipped.
check the price at your store first to see if they carry it and how much it costs.
i get mine from walmart.
nice product but just as easy to buy the generic store brand at a cheaper price.
either way the ones they are selling here seem to be the standard ones that are pictured not dropins as the title says.
standard liners are not hard to use.
you just stretch them around the bottle top, hold on to them, and carefully fill them.
we left the tabs on the bag that they say to remove because my son never noticed them and they seemed to hold the bag on better.
unfortunately you can't mix the formula in them because its hard to measure correctly where as you can pretty well with the dropins.
standard liners though stay air free better than the dropins.
way better.
also we didn't buy the playtex dropins, the store brand was cheaper and just as good.
i thought i was buying the drop-ins when i bought these.
i didn't even know they still made this kind.
on the plus side, they are highly portable due to the fact that they are flat plastic bags and would be easy to tuck in a diaper bag.
on the negative side, you can forget trying to measure water in these, i have to use a glass measuring cup and just pour in the amount needed which takes away their portability.
recently when i took some of these with my baby while traveling i had to pour my required amount of water into plastic bottles with lids which takes away from the liners portability to say the least.
there is also no way you could get a full 8 oz.
of water plus your formula into these liners which leaves me having to feed my baby 6 oz.
then running back and pouring in another 2 oz.
i will not be purchasing them again however.
leave it to me, the bargain shopper who buys in bulk, only 2 more boxes to go.....
these inserts certainly work, but i will say that it takes longer to install them than the drop-ins variety.
i've not had any trouble with the drop-ins leaking like some other reviewers (yet!!).
i can see they will be easier to travel with since they are flat (as opposed to the drop ins which are round).
if you cannot reach the top of the closet door easily you may want to try and find a different product.
great product!
i'm so happy with this one...i originally bought the "mommy's helper slide-lok bi-fold door lock" which was a good idea but poorly executed.
with the safety 1st it's adjustable with the twist of a knob!
the problem i had with the mommy's helper was that it was way too big and left too much space for the door to open and eventually pinch little fingers.
i would hands down recommend this product for anyone whos trying to keep little rug rats out of bi-fold doors!
it's cheap.
it's easy.
my kid's cant reach it.
my only suggestion is to resist the urge to tighten it a lot, because it can be a little hard to loosen afterward.
as long as it's snug, it's not going anywhere.
these go on in two seconds, and are easy to slide over or remove.
they are very effective, and don't scratch the wood.
bought these to keep my little explorer out of the pantry, linen closet, etc.
these work well on slated bi-fold doors.pros:can unlock the mechanism and then open the closet with 1 hand, important with baby in other handinexpensiveblend in nicely with the white painted doorkeeps toddler from rearranging the closetscons:the locks aren't as sturdy as a thicker plastic or a metal lock would be (these locks are plastic) and if my toddler really wanted to get into the closet, in another year or so he might be able to pull hard enough to break in.
(but he hasn't busted into the closet yet.
)in all, the product does what it says, keeps my toddler out of the pantry.i recommend purchasing these locks.
it seems a little flimsy at first, but it does its job.
if you are unable to reach the top of your closet doors easily though, this product will get annoying quick.
i can reach ours, but barely.
we first tried to put them on the bottom of the doors, which worked just fine until our 1 year old figured out how to work them (after 1 day!).
i'm just glad his socks and shoes aren't scattered all over his room now...
don't waste your time with this one--it just pops right off the top.
i haven't found a good solution for the bi-fold door, sorry.
we slid them into the folding spots on my preschooler's closet doors.
the photo is misleading and makes it look like they lock in the middle between the doors, but they actually slide into place where the doors fold, so make sure to order two.
i was a little disappointed when we received these, as they're rather difficult to move (especially for a short person)!
i need something for a pantry and coat closet, however, going into those areas several times a day has become tedious.
i intend to try some other options.
i have a little two year old houdini who figures out how to escape out of anywhere and can get into everything, no matter how much i child-proof.
we purchased this so he would stop getting into his closet when he was meant to be taking a nap.
i was disappointed that the doors of his closet where too thick for this, so make sure that you measure thickness before you purchase.
we actually had to end up disassembling it and using only the outside part of it without the knob.
it still does the trick, as it is too high for the little one to move.
the fit is now a bit loose but the lock does what we want it to do, keeps the kids out!
this product does what it says, however it is not very useful if the door it's on is one that is opened frequently.
the doors are opened just about every time someone enters and exits the house.
this product has to be unscrewed and slid to the side to open the door, then slid back and screwed tight after closing the door.
also, this goes on the top of the doors so it can be rather difficult to reach.
i am 5' 7&#34; and have a hard time reaching it to unlock it.
we will not be using this product.
these things are great!
i purchased these for all the closets in my home and found that with solid oak doors i had to remove the adjuster piece to get it to fit...not an issue but i don't think they work quite as well without that bit of reinforcement.
i also purchased some for the pediatric therapy place to keep littles out of the toy closets and am always told that the other moms love it and want to know where it was purchased!
unless you have 20 minutes to kill while your baby is screaming for a bottle, you don't want this.
i first used this on a venture to bru for a grandparent's day breakfast and while grandma was sitting in on a 529 seminar, my daughter suddenly discovered that she was beyond famished - so up we go out to the car to warm up a bottle!
now, supposedly this warmer can be used with dr. brown's bottles but the combination didn't work for us.
unless the bottle is a regular generic bottle with a gallon of fluid inside, it won't keep the heating latch engaged.
i had to sit there and continuously push the bottle down onto the latch and then after 10 minutes, the bottle was still ice cold!
i have no idea how to warm a bottle in the car and have no reccomendations, but i will tell you that this mini blood pressure machine will do nothing to benefit the appetite of an impatient child when she's hungry!
we have been quite happy with the warmer until last week.
we plugged it in and 5 seconds later it was smoking and burning at the car adapter outlet.
my husband right away pulled out the burning plug but it already melted and a metal piece of it stayed int the outlet causing an electric short.
so we were not able to restart our car until it was removed by a mechanic.
save yourself the experience of standing on the side of the road with a hungry baby on a rainy day due to this product.
it takes 20-30 minutes to warm a 6-8 oz bottle so you need to aniticipate feeding times.
it heats the bottle to lukewarm, but that's as hot as you should want it anyway.
otherwise you could have scalding hot milk on the outside and ice cold in the middle.
bottles that have bottoms that curve inward don't press the sensor to heat.
i managed to stack some coins between the sensor and the bottle and this fixed the probably.
even with the minor problems i found it useful to have on car trips.
for the most part, i like this product.
you do have to shake the bottle to distribute the heat evenly and test it, but that's normal for any bottle warmer.
for $10 i was happy with it.
if you are planning even one long trip with your new little one, you'll be glad you have this, but try it out before you go.
the smaller the bottle, the faster the formula will warm up.
it's a good idea to try it out before you travel so you know how long it will take.
one use will pay for itself!
the idea is great, the product is not so great.
we have the same reviews as everyone else.
our son will not take them luke warm, he likes them very warm.how we made it work for us:clothes pin that we just clip on over the sensor to turn the warmer on.and one hour before our son's feeding time we start warming the bottle.very slow process, i wish i would have done more research upon buying this warmer.
i feel like he could do this all day.
another plus is being able to take them into his inflatable tub so he can play with them while we give him his bath and he loves watching the water come out the little holes in the bottom of each one.
cute little toy for him to play with.
they are so simple but he loves them!
especially for the price!
there are tiny holes in the bottom to allow fluids, etc.
escape.
they're still one of his favorite toys!when he was little, we'd build towers out of them, and he'd knock them down.
when he was a bit older, he'd yell into them or bang the cups together.
now he can nest and stack them on his own.
he puts other things inside them, under them, etc.
i love to see all the way he can come up to play with such a simple toy!
)we also use them to teach him about colors ("can you bring mommy the green cup?"
etc.
), about "big" and "little," etc.
at his grandmas, he plays with them as regular toys... he loves to "throw" them and chase them around her hard wood floors.
we bought a set for the bathtub, and one for the playroom and my little girl really gets a lot of enjoyment out of these.
i remember my grandma having stacking cups like these at her house when i was little.
when i had my daughter who is now 9 years old, we would go over there and she would play with the same stacking cups.
no matter what other fancy toys were around she went to the cups first to play with.
i saw these on amazon and had to order them for my little son.
they are a great little set of cups.
they nest inside each other or stack when turned upside down.
they also have numbers 1-8 printed on the bottom.
each cup has holes in the bottom, the number of holes corresponds to what number the cup is.
for example the #1 cup has one small heart hole, #4 has 4 small squares and the #8 has 8 small circle holes.
that&#8217;s a nice little addition to them.i am marking them down a star for either not being bpa free or not listing they are bpa free.
i will not be letting my son put these in his mouth and shame on the company for not making bpa free products.
my only other very tiny gripe is there are 2 yellow cups, it would be nice if there were no repeating colors.
that&#8217;s definitely not a big deal, but it seems like they could&#8217;ve done a dark purple or teal or something other than repeating a color.
the set we received is: yellow, pink, light blue, dark blue, green, yellow, orange and purple.
she loves mouthing them and banging them together.
the cups easily fit into one another.
the cups can also be stacked into a tower, but not securely.
the cups are numbered on the bottom and have small holes (each cup has a different shape hole...star-shaped, etc).
my package came with a free plastic link, which was great to attach certain toys to the infant car seat.
oh well.
i still like free things!my daughter enjoys simple toys, such as these.
she doesn't like toys that play music, have blinking lights, wiggle, or talk.
if your baby seems to enjoy classic style toys or you're not sure, then you should get this toy (or any type of stacking cups/blocks).
he would line up the cups, do some spirit fingers over the cups, quickly place the cups into one another and then give a "ta-da!"
she always laughed :)
this set is used so much by my kids.
the sizes and weight are great.
the colors are a little unusual - not useful in a pattern and not standard primary colors -but no problem, really.
i found these at kohl's for a similar price, but i could not find anything similar to this at other retail stores around me.
cute cups for the kids to play with.
make great bath toys.
i would buy as a gift in future
my 8 month old absolutely loves these cups.
this seems to be his favorite toy.
he is too young to stack them but he loves watching me stack them and then knocking them over.
i love that they compactly nest inside each other so they are easy to bring along in a diaper bag.
i recently brought these to a baby play group and all the other babies dropped their toys and picked up these cups and started playing with them instead!
these were a last minute stocking stuffer and i'm so glad i bought these!!!
even taking 1 or 2 of these to the dr.s office or to play with while we eat dinner....just 2 is entertainment enough!
these are a must for the toy collection.
these are also good bathtime toys.
i was excited to get this.
i love this and so do the children.
for a toy that is supposed to stack up, these cups are very hard to stack and don't stay stacked up.
can't get my mind around a stack-up toy that a child cannot stack.
he likes to put other toys in them and dump them out.
these are a dry toy for us, but note that the bottoms all have little cutouts to drain and won't hold water very well for tubby play.
i have a set for the diaper bag, and can pull them out for play or to hold dry snacks.
only downside is there is no strap to keep them all together in a bag or toy box, so i use a fat rubber band.
hold up fine in the dishwasher.
this age and beyond love to explore with objects that can be stacked, nested, and rolled.
they also have holes and are fun for water play.
my daughter loves playing with (and chewing on) these when she plays with her toys on the floor, but she likes plaing with them in the bath even more.
it doesn't say so in the product description, but each cup has holes in the bottom (the same number of holes as the number on the cup, and each cup has differently-shaped holes--e.g., seven stars, 6 squares, etc.
), so in the bath my daughter can fill these with water and watch the water come out the holes in little waterfalls.
she loves this, and it'll keep her busy for a long time.
she also uses them in her wading pool to the same effect.
great product!
my 8 mo old loves these.
she mostly just knocks them down and bangs them together, but she does actively play with them.
the set we received had colors that were different from the pictures, but i actually like the colors we received more.
great toy!
the cups are durable, the colors are nicer than shown online, and they stack well.
this is one of my daughter's favorite toys.
what a simple toy!
well, at first all he did was scatter them about.
then he started banging things with them.
then he started holding them in his hands and walking around with them as if he had hooves.
now he takes the stack apart, arranges the cups on a flat place, goes back to get them and put them back together in the proper order.
i sometimes mix them up on his flat place and turn a few upside down.
he immediately goes to the pile and sorts them out in the proper orientation and order and rebuilds the stack.
it's rather amazing.he seems to find the cups endlessly fascinating.
when he's whiny or grumpy, i give him the stack and that immediately grabs his attention.
in the bath.
in the car.
it's a simple and inexpensive delight.gary peterson
love these.... different colors, the bottoms have a number on them and the holes match the number when possible (3 is a triangle, four is a square, etc...) also, the number of holes matches the number on the cup... this toys will grow with my lo and has a small enough footprint that it can travel with us easily!
they stack inside of each other and also stack as a tower.they have holes in the bottom to prevent suction.
the number of holes and the shape side counts match the numbers on the cups.
so 3 has three triangle holes, 4 has four square holes, etc.
she plays with them at bath time, in her playpen, when eating, and in the car.
he is able to figure out a million ways to use these cups and they are always a go-to toy for him.
this simple and inexpensive toy is still going strong after a lot of play logged in.
it doesn't seem to get old.
get this.
my son's pt recommended we get these for help during tummy time- they held his interest as we moved them
i wanted to buy the green sprouts stacking cups but amazon offered them w/ free shipping one day and then the next it would be sold by a different vendor without the free shipping.
when i saw these stacking cups in the baby store, i put them on my registry instead because they were made w/ safer plastic like the green sprouts toys.the label on the learning curve stackers and other products indicate: no pvc, no bpa, and no phthalates....it's important to me that we have as many safe toys as possible for our baby so i was thrilled to find these.i like this stacking toy because the cups fit nicely in one another and have enough of an edge that they stack nicely on top of one another.
last night she had a cup in each hand and was waving them around.
i know she'll like to play with them as she gets older and was glad she already showed an interest in them at this time too.
it's a great toy for him and i know he'll like them even more when he's older and can actually stack them like they're supposed to go.
i don't care what brand you get or where you get the stacking cups, just buy them.
they are worth whatever you have to dole out.
my daughter has played with them since she was at least 2 months old.
she's 18 months now and she still plays with them.
we have stacking cups for her bath time, too, and she plays with those forever.
i actually got this second hand at a garage sale but this product is very duable and my 9 month old daughter loves to play with these, likes to use in the tub also.
i did have to take away the smallest cup because she kept putting the whole thing in her mouth...
this is a fantastic toy, there are so many games to play with this.
i teach my baby sequence of large to small, 1 to 8, 8 to 1, different colors, and it shows them cause and effect too, when they push the finished stack, everything comes down and at first they are surprised but then they quickly learn that it is what happens when you push a stack of cups down.
every time i stack the cups my little one looks at the cups being stacked very intently.
the great thing is it takes up easily half an hour playing.
i was told it would be helpful to buy stacking cups, so i found these.
like a couple of other reviewers, upon receiving them, i was disappointed.
the cups do not stack well at all.
i had trouble with the larger cups, the smaller cups were ridiculous.
i returned these and will look for cups that stack better.i will admit, if you wanted something for your child to play with, toss around, these are okay and an okay price.
for the purpose of stacking, these just are not that great.
disappointed.
a classic.
whenever we have them out around other kids a little older, the bigger kids want them too.
great for the tub, playing on the floor, high chair, beach... well, we obviously travel with these.
these cups keep my little guy busy for a long time!
i will say i thought the cups would be a little bigger.
they are quite small
these little cups are a good value.
my grand daughter is only old enough to knock them down at this point but she's having fun.
when he was first born we just used them as a cup for washing but now he grabs all of them and bash them together and splash water everywhere and tries to drink out of them.
they are fun out of the bath too, though!
i don't know what it is about these cups, but they are my son's favorites.
he is happy and content to just crawl around on the floor holding the cups.
as he gets older, i think he will be able to start stacking and building with them as well.
the cups are just slightly smaller than i was expecting but they are a great size for my 6 month old.
i know my little boy will enjoy playing with these during bath time now
my daughters had cups like these when they were young and they were great for playing in the bath tub, wading pool and sandbox.
my 20 month granddaughter loves her set just as much and has gotten a lot of use out of them.
best toy ever!!!
seriously, it's so so simple but so loved.
my two year old has a ton of toys but will still dig to the bottom of the toy box daily just for this set.
he loves building a tower with them or nesting them.
and he loves seeing if his other toys will fit in them.
our little people farmer is commonly seen hanging out in one of the cups.
;) they've been the #1 toy in our playroom for well over a year now.
is it the stacking, the nesting, i dont know but if you have a child around 1 get this.
my kid spends lots of time playing with these and she takes them even in the tub sometimes.
the colors that are pictured here are not what i received, i actually got two cups that were the same color, but thats okay for me.pros:- the size is perfect, you can't really go wrong with stacking toys.- each block has a number on the bottom and with the number is a coordinating hole.
the holes are different shapes too, which i love.- they are perfect for the tub- easily fit in your purse for an extra toy at a restauranthonestly, i have nothing negative to say about these, they are constantly being tossed around, stacked and knocked together.
i like that each cup has little shaped holes (stars, hearts, triangles, etc.)
according to the number it says on the bottom of the cup.
he drinks from them imaginary drinks and cheers with our glasses.it is great toy to help baby learn how to stack objects, place them inside, learn colors and numbers.it is well made, there's no sharp corners and my only wish is that it could be 10 cups for full counting 1 to 10.
my granddaughter plays with these often.
a must have for any child's toy box.this would make a great baby shower gift.
not too expensive.
the cups are stackable and come with numbers on the bottom.
medium weight plastic.
they have slits in the bottom.
so, the cups have a recycle code #7 which is listed as not safe, i called the company are they reassured me that it is (??).
my guess is that it's not safe to use plastics with code #7 to warm up maybe?
not sure.
i am not really excited abt these cups, as other reviewers said, they do not stack up very well but that's not a major issue to me ... my issue is that code #7 which was only indicated on the plastic wrapper, not the cups themselves so it's easily missed...
our baby girl loved these cups.
she still plays with them in the bath now at 16 months, as some of them have holes and can drain the water through.
i would recommend from age 5 or 6 months to at least a year and a half, maybe longer.
it's just a bunch of plastic cups and yet my baby loves these.
she plays with them every day and doesn't seem to tire of them unlike her other toys.
she doesn't stack them - and i agree with others who have said that they're not that easy to stack - the grooves in the cups could be cut deeper so the cups fit better.
but she loves to knock them down when i stack them or take two of them and bang them together.
i looked at a lot of different stacking toys but there aren't any really great ones out there so this one does the job.
recently, he does not stack cups but he throws them from top of the stairs and he has so much fun.
great toy!
every baby should have it.
my daughter really loves these stacking cups.
but most importantly, i love these stacking cups because my child can actually stack them without them tipping over, unless she wants them to.
just be warned...these cups have holes in the bottom.
i bought them thinking the largest could double as a bathing cup...but they all have holes.
we didnt know that they had cut outs and numbers but its cute.
they're smaller than i expected, but it makes it easy for baby to pick up.
each cup has a number on the bottom and a set of holes that correspond with that number making it perfect for bath time too.
she is fascinated by the water coming out of the holes in the bottom and never seems to tire of collecting them all around her and putting them in her mouth.
she also splashes the water with them and bangs them together.
i just love these cups.
my grandson loves them as much as my children did.
i have given this a 4 start rating only because they are quite small in size and are difficult for little fingers to stack.
i ordered it when my son was 16 months, now 18.
but they never got used as stacking cups.
but they are being used as bath toys now.
they have little holes and my son loves to squish water around.
the quality of plastic is good.
i would at the same time not recommend it for the stacking purpose.
classic toy that my daughter plays with all the time.
when she was younger she loved to knock down the stacks of cups we would build for her.
now that she is older (15 months) she loves to nest the cups inside one another.
they are great in her water table as well and i'm sure will be just as fun in sand.
the 2 smallest cups are pretty small and will most likely get lost under furniture, but such is life with a toddler.
my 10 month old seriously plays with these more than any other toy.
they are great in the pool (they float) and indoors.
you can work on colors and teaching baby how to stack the cups.
i don't know why they are so much more entertaining than expensive toys with bells and whistles, but they are.
my son has been playing with these since 8 months old and its his favorite toy.
he will cry if his stacking cups are not around!colorful, easy to stack from big to small or small to big order, he loves to knock them over.durable, i've washed these in a bleach solution several times and they hold up great.
stacking, knocking down, putting things inside, taking apart, banging.
she plays with them a variety of ways - nesting them, knocking down stacks i build, crawling around with them on her hands, and more!
i think this is a simple toy that encourages her to use her imagination during play time.
we were very surprised that such a simple and inexpensive toy would be used for so long by my son when he was a baby.
the label states this product was tested for lead and bpa.
cute simple toy.
now at 14 months she is trying to stack them and put one inside the other.
very good buy!
we like these so much we have two sets.
one for the tub and one for the toy box/travel.
my 10 month old likes the holes in the bottom when we play with these in the tub and she like to knock them down when you stack them on the floor.
lately she's figure out how to stack them inside of each other.
i don't know why we waited so long.
for months, every time they played with these at their grandparent's house or aunt's and uncle's house, this was always the first toy they gravitated towards.
anyway, here's my likes and dislikes:likes-* easy to stack cups inside one another* need to stack cups in exact descending order in order to create a tower (if you don't stack the number 7 cup, the number 6 cup will not sit correctly on the 8)* it's top rack dishwasher safe!
woo hoo- so if you have kids like mine, they pretend they are drinking out of the cups, you don't have to be hand washing the cups all of the time* develops concentration and fine motor skillsrecommendations/wish list-* i wish they would have chosen primary and secondary colors, and ordered the cups according to the color wheel* i find it odd that they didn't include ten cups, there are only eight in the set&lt;&lt;hello auntie>>
my son loves to tear down the towers, pound the cups on the floor and chase the cat with them.
great for travel as you can do lots with them and they don't take up too much space.
after ordering these a few months ago we just took them out for my 8 month old to play with.
she can't reassemble them yet but she loves pulling them apart when they're all stacked up.
the cups on their own are also interesting to her, which surprised me because they don't really do anything.
she ends up chasing them across the floor.
i picked these up on sale, and was not expecting much from them.turns out my son loves them and i do too.
they are portable (easily fit into a bag), quiet, don't break when thrown on the floor, and still hold his interest after months of owning them.amazing how something so simple can be so entertaining.
we have like 2 of the cups in each room for her to play with.
they are also great in the bathtub as she likes to scoop up the water but because they have holes the water drains out before she can try to drink it.
i bought these for my great-grandson who is almost one year old.
they are one of his favorite toys.
he carries them all over the place and likes to play with them in the water because they have holes on the bottom that they water pours out of.
who would have thought?
she first liked to hold one then there were two, one for each hand.
very quickly they were fun to bang together and still are.
then we discovered they were fun in the bath tub.
heaven knows what they will do next but you can't go wrong with them.
my 1 year old loves these "stackers,"  he plays with them each and every day for long periods.
he nests them inside one another and inside out and stacked up.
they are bpa free and the colors (although not as pictured) are nice and bright.
these are fabulous, i have 4 kids and i have purchased a few sets now.
my original set from the 90's still looks like new.
i put mine in the dishwasher on the top rack and they clean up very well.
these outlet covers are a complete waste of money.
they are perfectly designed for little fingers to pull out.
my daughter has an easier time pulling these out than my husband and the tab sticks out in a way that makes pulling it out tempting for her.
bare outlets would be safer.
my 22 month old just greeted me with a handful of these outlet covers.
sigh.
i am so disappointed by this product.
i should have bought the cheaper ones that are really hard to remove.
trust me they figure out how to get them out of the outlets.
get the old fashion one that us parents have a hard time getting out.
at first i liked these because they were easy to take out.
unfortunately, my toddler thought so too.
absolutely the worst!
buy the old school kind for real safety!!!
my 15 month old has no problem taking these out.
his interest has been drawn to them now and they are very ineffective.
these bottles saved the day.
they really do work, and trust me, it is worth it to spend a little more time cleaning the bottle for the peaceful tranquility that you will have because your newborn isn't up screaming with stomach pains.
granted, not all babies need this, but my daughter certainly did.
once you get into the habit of cleaning them, it's no big deal.
i don't know if they sell them online, but i get them at the local bru store.
these bottles are a little expensive, but i would have paid twice the price for the relief that these bottles gave my daughter.
here's the deal: there are lots of bottles out there that claim to reduce/eliminate gas from being ingested during feeding.
some work by letting air in from various places (avent-around the threads of the collar, playtex-through tiny perforations in the base), others work by not letting air in at all, but collapsing the container instead (playtex liners...etc).
the problem with venting the air through the collar is that it ends up bubbling up and mixing with the formula.
the problem with venting through the base is that it requires a bit of force to get the air to go through the perforations - so the bottle builds up negative pressure that resists your baby's sucking.
this is the same issue with the collapsible liner bottles - the resistance becomes stronger as the baby finishes the bottle and collapses the liner.dr.
browns are the only ones that do not mix air with the formula and at the same time do not create any resistance to sucking.
i'd say this is a small inconvenience.
i guess that the end of the day you don't buy these purely for convenience - you buy them because they're the best for your baby's feeding.
we tried avent, playtex, and others.
we got a few dr browns free at a baby show, and have purchased and used them exclusively since.ps: we were first skeptical with all the parts, but these all wash easily with some creative placement in the dishwasher.
i heard so many good things about these bottles, and after no success with the also praised avent system, i switched to dr. brown's.
i had no luck with this product, either, and there were more parts to clean with this feeding system.
my 2-month-old son spits up even more after feeding (sometimes twice) with the dr. brown bottles.
i have not noticed any less gas, either, and the nipples flow way too fast for him, even though i purchased the smallest size.
i'm glad this product has worked for others, but for me, it was an expensive and failed experiment.
i'm primarily breast feeding but, when i have to use bottles, these work great.
they do have a few pieces but, are easy to disassemble, clean up easily in the dishwasher & reassemble very quickly.
very durable & no leaks while drinking (although i have noticed that they will leak sometimes if they're in the diaper bag & it gets turned upside down).
these 8 oz bottles are fantastic.
i originally bought the 4oz bottles, but quickly ran to the store for the 8 ounce bottles because it does not take more than 6 wks before you are feeding more than 4 ounces.
it is true that these bottles have quite a few parts to clean, but i consider it totally worth it.
my son has had less gas since we've been using these bottles.
i've never had a problem with them leaking.
there's a line on them that you're not supposed to fill past, as long as the milk isn't filled past that line you shouldn't have a leaking problem.
my son loves the nipple, as a previously breastfed baby it was easy for him to transfer to this bottle.
as another reviewer mentioned, don't even bother buying the 4 ounce bottles.
at two months my son is already at 5 ounces, so we barely got any use out of them.
the 8 ounce bottles are all you need.
my daughter did not like the standadr nipples.
my advice is (if this is not your baby's first bottle)whatever nipple you baby is first exposed to try to get the clostest nipple to it.
my daughter did much better with the wide neck bottles.
a little time consuming to clean, but worth it if it helps.
i also would highly recommend you consider the playtex premium nurser bottles in which you squeeze all the air out of the liner before feeding your baby.
within a few minutes of eating, he would scream in pain.
he was difficult to burp, so no help there.
we tried the avent bottles, which only made the situation worse given the odd shape of the nipples.the first time we used a dr. brown's bottles we noticed a significant difference.
in a very short time, he was no longer screaming after every meal.
yes, there are 2 extra pieces to wash, but that's trivial compared to the alternative.
we, however, still use the dr brown bottles... not sure we would like to risk it with other bottles and make it even worse!
i wanted to tell you that the cleaning is not that bad and that it's worth trying.
don't get small bottles, though, unless it is for something different tha formula feeding; 4 oz is nothing!
my baby is a little over a month old.
i had heard positive reviews of avent products so i went with their bottles.
my baby was having terrible gas.
i decided to try the dr. brown's bottles and what a difference it has made!
yes, the extra parts are a pain to clean but it's definitely worth it.
my 3 month old baby has never had a problem with spitting up or having too much gas.
in fact, i can count on one hand the number of times he has spit up.
yes, there are some extra parts to clean and that can get annoying, but it really only takes a few extra seconds.
and, yes, when the inner tubing gets full, it might leak a little, or the opposite happens--nothing comes out.
but, like the other reviewer said, just unscrewing it and putting it back in fixes this.
ofcourse i havent started using these bottles just yet but i have always wanted dr. brown's bottles so when i saw them at such a great price i had to buy.
what a big difference.
with the dr. brown's my son had no problems with gas, burping, or anything.
they have more parts to clean, but it is a small price.
with the evenflo bottles he kept gulping it to fast and would choke, he had the hiccups a lot and you could here the bottle making a "vacuum" noise.
after just two days, i threw away the evenflo's and bought more dr. brown's and have had no problems.
my son had not problems going from breast to bottle.
i did notice that after i started using these bottles, my baby was much more happy and had less gas and spit up than he usually had.
i used those vent-aire garbage bottles and my son was not a happy camper with them... he'd literally sweat trying to eat from them...and would take him 45 minutes or more to eat 6oz--even after i'd try and make the nipple hole(s) bigger.
needless to say, with dr. brown's bottles, he no longer strains nor sweats when he eats!!
2 drawbacks...(1)they're a pain to clean, and you must clean the inside chamber!, and  (2) you must take off the nipple before heating in a microwave, else it will leak
i used the avent bottles for expressed breast milk; the #1 stage nipple took my daughter 45 minutes to finish and the #2 stage nipple took her only 15 minutes but she had horrible gas pains after the feeding.
i read the reviews of these bottles and purchsed one to try it out and it worked like a charm.
it took her only 15 minutes and no gas pains and very little spitting up!
i am selling all my avent bottles on ebay!
i have a four month old son and unfortunately, just discovered this bottle a month ago.
i saw them in the store while doing my shower registry and quite honestly, they looked too complicated so i didn't put them on my list...big mistake!i tried several other brands of bottles and this is by far the best.
it does everything it claims to do as far as eliminating gas and spit-up.it isn't complicated at all and isn't anymore difficult to wash than the other bottle types.
i found the slimmer design is easier for me to handle, but i would think the size of the bottle wouldn't matter as far as performance.if my husband would let me restock my bottle supply (18) with dr. brown's, i would be one happy lady, but that isn't going to happen!don't make the same mistake i did, buy dr. brown's from the start...you won't regret it!!
for the first few days of my son's birth, we had the wide-neck avent bottles which leaked, the nipples gave him suction blisters on the lips, he needed extensive burping and he would find it difficult to suck against the negative-pressure that builds up in those bottle.
dr brown's bottles solved all these issues.i have six bottles and it takes me less than 20 minutes to wash them by hand.
it takes some getting used to washing the small parts, but it's worth the extra effort.
save yourself the money and go straight for the 8oz bottles.
the starter kit comes with level-1 nipples.
y-cut nipples are also available for thicker liquids (cereal mixed in milk).if you leave expressed breast-milk in these bottles in the refigerator, the fat tends to stick to the vent (just as a fyi).
the caps snap on loudly which is the only con i can think of.i highly recommend these bottles.
i've suggested these bottles to two of my friends whose babies have refulx and they have seen an improvement.
try some other websites, which have better prices and offer the 9-pack variety.
one lasts for about 6-8 weeks.
no gas at all.
never fussy  or anything.
we used wide necks when we started supplimenting but after i saw that he was swallowing little bit of air through the sides because the nipple was too big for his little mouth to fit around we quickly switched to these which are even better.
i've read some posts here with moms complaining that  the bottles leak -never had that problem.
i highly recommend these bottles over any other ones out there.
these bottles worked great for us.we started out with the avent bottlesand our baby developed colic for about two weeks-switching to dr. brown's bottles really helped.the colic stopped within the week and we have notlooked back.
the only negative thing thatwe have experienced with these bottles has been that theyhave leaked at times.
as long as you are careful how you place the top filtration piece- it should be fine.
based on reviews from mommies i know and this website, i went with dr. brown's bottles right from the start.
this is terrific for my little monster who often approaches the bottle like she would gobble it up whole if she could!
she has always taken a full feeding, and she has almost no gas or spit-up.
in fact, we really have to work to get a burp out of her!
it's certainly outwieghs the fact that they are a little bothersome to clean.
i am currently hand-washing them.
i do 8 at a time and have my bottles for the next 24-hour period.
i may look into a dishwasher basket, but i want to make sure they will get as clean as when i wash them.i've had no problem with leakage or anything, and i don't why some people have...?
we tried avent first and my son never could drink from that big nipple very well.
i breastfed too he was good on both the bottle and breast.
when we used bottles dr. brown seem to cause less gas and he enjoyed them better.
these are great bottles!my baby is breastfed and we started using these bottles for my husband to feed our baby pumped breast milk when he was five weeks old and did not have any trouble with nipple confusion.
i pump and my husband feeds him a bottle for his late night feeding and they do great!
we used the "preemie" nipples so that the flow was not too fast and he had to work at sucking like he would at the breast.
since then we have upgrades to the size 1 nipples.i have never had a problem with bubbles and my baby rarely has to burp.
the bottles seem like a good quality.
it takes a bit more effort to clean, but isn't too difficult.
when my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including evenflo, triflow, avent, etc.
we ended up throwing all other bottles away.
i had read other reviews about the small parts being difficult to wash, but i don't really have a problem with that.
we don't have a dishwasher and i end up hand washing everything.
i can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
as to some reviewers complaints about leakage, it's true that if the inner tube gets full sometimes the milk can leak out the top - but this has only happened rarely and i've found that if i unscrew the cap and pull out the inner tube then put it back in, the problem is resolved.
the adjustment takes less than a minute and like i said, i've only had it happen once or twice.
otherwise the bottles, nipples and all the parts are really durable - especially the nipples.
so, my only suggestions are1.
hold off on buying extra nipples to see if you really need them (or at least don't open the package until you need to) and2.
to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles.
we switched to dr. bown's and he took to it with little problem.
as he got older and bigger we later switched and are currently using the avents.
why did we switch?
cleaning dr. brown's bottles sucks!
there are so many little parts that all need special brushes to clean with that it takes forever to wash bottles.
plus, the brown bottles are thinner but taller and just don't seem to pack away as well.
however, if your baby is picky there isn't much you can do.
for expecting parents, i would not recommend buying a bunch of one type over the other.
only 4 stars because of the cleaning issues.
they do reduce spit up.
we tried the cheap gerber bottles for a month while we were traveling, and he spit up volumes.
once we were settled and switched back to dr brown, the spit up stopped.
we just found these bottles and couldn't be happier!
he eats easily, without spitting up, he doesn't have to stop every few swallows to rest like he does with other bottles.
i do think every baby has different bottle needs though.
my only complaint is that the narrow 8-oz bottles are too tall for my diaper bag.
i need to get the wide-mouth bottles and they should fit better.
i don't think they are any better then platex drop in's.
just they have more parts to clean.
there's a reason so many people give these bottles 5 stars !
my baby girl had colic and gas from day one and was up all night crying until my mother heard about dr. brown's bottles and urged me to try them.
the colic/gas stopped on the very first day i used them, words cannot describe that feeling.
i do recommend skipping the purchase of the 4 oz.
bottles and going staight to the 8 oz.
ones to save some $$, just don't fill them all the way up until necessary, they sell extra nipples in various levels.
and as for the other reviews complaining that they leak and are hard to clean and expensive: if you assemble them correctly and do not overfill, they won't leak, and the 2 extra parts are well worth the extra time to clean, but they are not "hard" to clean, i soak in hot soapy water and rinse, rarely do i have to use the brush thing, and they are really no more expensive than other bottles, well worth it and plus you can save by just using these instead of trying all the others.
trust me dr. brown's are fabulous !!
i have been using them for 2 months now and i am so happy i agreed to try them.
among the others that i had previously tried were the avent and playtex ventaire bottles but dr. brown's were the only "anti-colic" bottles that worked.
please do read and follow the directions though, i think some of the negative reviews are the results of not properly using the bottles and following instructions.
so if you clean 8 bottles per day and the dr. brown's bottles have 2 extra parts, that is like cleaning 16 extra parts per day.
really, it takes maybe 10 seconds per extra part.
so, what is an extra 2-3 minutes.
nothing!!
everyone says, yes they are great bottles but there are so many parts to clean.
really, think about it.
it doesn't take that much longer to clean!
and, i have tried every bottle including, avent, playtex vent air, mam and others.
also, get the 8 oz bottles right away.
if you spend the money on the smaller bottles because you baby only eats 4 oz now, he/she will be eating more in a few weeks/months and then you will have to buy more bottles.
3oz fits into an 8 oz bottle so why not just get the larger bottles right away.
unfortunately, i was suckered in to all the hype about the dr. brown's bottles.
the biggest problem i noticed was that they leaked after i had them in the cooler if we went out.
i never filled them past the line, but they always leaked when they were cold.
i'm a nursing mother and it killed me to watch my milk leaking from those bottles all the time.
it was such a waste and my daughter would get milk all over her chin and neck.
cleaning the bottles was also a big pain.
i really do not reccomend these bottles.
i gave them to a friend who wanted to try them out.
i'm much happier with the playtex nurser bottles with the drop ins.
i must say these are truly worth buying!
my baby had trouble drinking from nipples when she was born and we literally tried every bottle/nipple out there.
she would dribble and choke on the formula.
then my doctor finally suggested we try the dr. brown's bottles.
also, she no longer had any gas!
also...don't bother getting the 4 oz.
bottles....the 8 oz.
are all you need.
babies don't drink only 4 oz.
for very long.
these bottles were like a miracle.
i recommend them to anyone!!!!!!!!!!!!
we tried all the other bottles and had settled down with the avent which were okay.
however, my mom spoke to a friend who had had similiar problems with her baby and she recommended the dr. brown's.
we purchased some and we were impressed.
after two days he was less gassy and actually slept through the night.
she would always get to much air and spit up half of what she ate.
so i bought these to try and she hated them.
i have also tried the avent and she got to much ait with those too.
you can puch the air out so you dont have to worry about it.
plus she was easier to burb.
i wouldnt recommend these or avent.
this product did seem to help aleviate my baby's spit ups and gas, when compared to other bottles that would make my baby vomit.
just be ready to spend the extra time washing all the little parts that are inside!
if you put them in the dishwasher, it's not that big of a deal.
even washing them by hand is not difficult.
my child had reflux and we had to put rice cereal in these bottles as well...if you have to do that, then you need the y-cut nipples as well.
i actually tried many bottles before i splurged and bought these.i spent alot of money on the avent bottles because they were supposed to be the closest to the breast.
i nursed my twins for about 4 1/2 months, so i thought the avent would be the best.
however, they leaked and formula would actually squirt from the sides of my boys mouth.i tried the dr. browns, and my boys took right to them.
they would finish a bottle in about 1/2 the time and no more caving in nipples or leaks.
they do still tend to spit up and have alot of gas from the other end, so i'm not sure about how much gas these bottles actually reduce.they are rather time consuming to clean because of all the parts.
and i do wish they made handles to attach so it would be easier for my boys to learn to hold their bottles.these are still by far my boys favorite bottle.
we tried everything to help him.
then she brought me these.. and he has not had a problem since... my son is a happy baby again!!!!
i read on here that cleaning them is a pain.. but that is just not so.
i hand clean bottles anyways and it is so simple to clean these bottles, i can't believe that ppl are so lazy as to complain about a couple extra seconds to run a brush in 3 holes.
gimmie a break.
i also clean a bunch of parts for my pump, so i just do it all at once.
oh!!!
and these bottles fit on my medela pump, so i can just pump right in the bottle!!!!
and we havent had any leaks, btw... these things are great.
oh, and they also make a widemouth version that you can get at babies r us... just in case you prefer them.
i wish i had gotten these earlier.. my son is 7 weeks (he was born at 32 weeks, btw) and he is a different baby with these bottles.oh!!
and if you would rather, the bottles and all parts fit in the munchikin dishwasher basket.. even the sraws can be put in the straw things on the side of it!!!
just discovered that...
i purchased dr. brown's bottles for my daughter.
with a very fussy newborn, i did not have time to waste assembling the bottle.
we discovered that evenflo and avent bottles work just as well and are cheaper.
my mother purchased this for me from tjmaxx or ross or something.
i've learned to be very suspicious of baby products from those places- seems like they've usually had some sort of issue and no one will buy them any more and sometimes those issues are dangerous like with this product.i think this blender is pointless.
one could do much better buying a small food processor from target or something.
this blender is weak, doesn't blend very quickly or efficiently.
i'm horrified to read the reviews and learn about the plastic ring which i cannot find in mine!
i guess i fed my baby plastic!
mine's been sitting in a plastic bag ready to go to goodwill.
maybe i should just throw it away.it's a piece of junk that ends up in ross because it's a poorly designed product.
i ordered this online because i couldn't find it in the stores and it arrived without a working motor.
i decided to use a manual food mill instead (which can be ordered from amazon.com) and has pretty good reviews, too.
i like this little processor for mixing up small quantities of food.
)-  pretty easy to clean-  just 4 parts, so easy to assemble and use-  it's not super heavy duty, so i do chop things up a good amount before putting them in thereall in all, i think it's worth it.
i didn't have a regular food processor and for me a blender just didn't work quite right and i thought it was harder to get the food mixed.some hints i also found when investigating making baby food are:-  after mixing if you want to freeze any, just use ice cube trays.
each cube is about 1 oz and once they're frozen, pop them out and put in a zip-loc for storage.-  if you're just getting started, i thought this website was useful and had good ideas - -  wholesomebabyfoodgood luck!
it gives a really smouth purees2.
it's easy to clean (diswasher !!!)3.
this toy box is everything i was hoping for.
its roomy, light weight and easy to assemble.
also i love that the top doesn't just slam shut, that way when my daughter puts her toys away she won't smash her fingers.
a couple of scratches, but not worth sending back for.
a previous review said the walnut color was more cherry.
i wanted more cherry so i ordered the walnut.
walnut is dark walnut, not a cherry color (fyi).
purchased this less than 1 month ago and had my husband put it together.
he spent a bit of time and one of the last steps was screwing in the hinge but it just would not go through!
the problem seemed to be the pre-drilled holes were not lined up and the screws were very cheap that he ended up stripping them easily.
we sent it back without a fuss from amazon and decided i wanted to give it one more go because i loooooooooved the look so much.2nd time around:b-e-a-utiful!!!!!!!!!
it's big enough for all the living room toys and my 1 year old son can fit in it so i hope one day he'll enjoy playing in it too!
the hinge works fine although the top does not come down all the way (maybe 1 inch gap, you can push it down but it will pop back up if that makes any sense)...but this is not a big issue for me.
it just means my son won't ever be trapped and it's quite unlikely he'll ever crush his fingers in closing it.overall:attractive looking piece at an attractive price.not the finest quality but better than a plastic look (for me)(although durable) and it's not particle board either so i would expect it to hold up for quite some time.
i ordered this through amazon and recieved it quickly (thank you prime shipping!)
but we were missing one of the hinges to put it together.
all of the paperwork that came with it said not to contact amazon for replacement parts but to instead contact the company directly.
i went to their website and there was a page dedicated solely to ordering replacement parts.
(makes me think it happens quite a bit?!)
i filled out the necessary information, found the piece that i needed to order and within two days it arrived at my door free of charge.
the only bummer is that the original hinge that came with the toy box was bronze and the spare that they sent me in the mail was silver.
overall i love the box - we got it for our 18-month-old to hold the toys in his room.
it's perfect because it won't slam his fingers (the lid stops in any position) and it's big enough to hold all of his obnoxiously large toys without taking up too much space in his room or being too big for him to get things out of.
i would've given it 5 starts had it come with all of the correct pieces right off the bat and will probably be buying one for our baby once he's in need of his own toy box as well!
had to put it together and it was not complicated took about 30 minutes.
i was alone.
there is a lot of room for my twins toys.
i really love the safety feature on the lid so it will not slam down on little hands their safe.. we really love this toy box.
my daughters love their toy box of course their the one who picked it out!
this toy box ended up being a perfect match for our living room.
i like that i can just throw all his toys in, close the lid, and you can't tell it's a toy box!
the lid has a special hinge that doesn't allow the lid to slam, so my son (now 17mo old) can open and close it and i never have to worry about him smashing his finger.
the lid is also strong, my husband has sat on it a few times and it shows no signs of wear.
excellent product.
this was very easy to put together and is good quality for the price.
it feels sturdy and heavy and i'm sure it will serve its purpose for many years.
the lid does not shut all the way but i believe it's because the spring needs to settle in over a little time.
no big deal and not noticeable.
there were no scuffs scratches or dents in the paint/wood which i find to be a common issue with theses types of products.
we will definitely need to get another one when the second comes.
he even jumps on it.
it looks nice for the moment after it's assembled.
within a short amount of time you will realize it is very cheaply made,the nice dark paint will chip off & the hinge (which they claim will make it safer) will break.
return time is short as well fyi, huge waste of money
this is a great toybox.
the pieces came damaged because not enough protective packaging was used.
i just love to use those for my pumped breast milk.
never had any issues.
i was told that target brand fit drop-in bottles, but i never tried it.
i think the price for original (playtex) liners are just fine.
it was great since our daughter was very gassy when using other bottles but with these we would push up as much air as we could and we feel it helped to reduce the air she sucked in.
these drop ins have been a lifesaver for feeding time with my infant..
it really cuts down on the bottle washing as these liners are easily disposable after the feeding and they help with infusing extra gas into your baby.a+
i've used these since i went back to work and they work great for me, baby, and my mother-in-law.i used to pump directly into the liners using this system:playtex drop ins system breast storagenow i pump directly into the medela bottles but i still transfer the milk to the liners using the adapter rings when i give the milk to my mil everyday.easy to store, cheaper than storage bags, and we've never had an issue with leaking.sometimes the lines showing the ounces can be difficult for my mil to read and they don't correspond to the ounce labels on the bottle when you use the adapter rings so i mark them with a sharpie.
it is supposed to have a convenient dispenser bottom.
there are two perforations which would be great except they are not shaped like the liners and when you pull them through the bottom they get all scrunched up.
other than that...i love these.
i use them with my playtex milk storage rings and connect to my breast pump...so easy to use, put the cap on and refrigerate or freeze.
i stopped using bottles for breast milk and just use these exclusively.
i recommend.
you can sit the bottle in a cup of hot water and it warms up quickly.
i also like that you can squeeze the air out of the bottle and save your little one's tummy.
i have had some occasions where the liner leaked around the seal.
you have to be careful that you don't kink the liner when screwing on the nipple and make sure it is tight before squeezing the air out.
this was not a big enough issue to cause me to quit using them.
i used these bottles until he was a year old.
i have also found that some of the generic brand liners work just fine too.
the liners are handy, like the fact that they are bpa free and that you can switch them out.
i exclusively pump, and i love using playtex nursers for my daughter.
i use the &#34;hot water in a glass&#34; method for heating the milk, and since the liner is thin, it doesn't take a lot of time.
the price in amazon is much less than that in stores, even wal-mart.
i will keep ordering!
the price is right too!
esp if you have amazon prime and get free two day shipping!
these will work when i double line the bottles, seal the holes in the nipple, and adhere the collar to the bottle's 'body'.
collectors want realism&#8230;.nothing more real than the stuff used for actual babies :)
makes preparing milk bottles and feeding the baby so easy, my husband never complains when it's time for him to get a bottle ready and it's easy to store
i love it.
it is convenient, clean and a time saver.
especially for a working mom, i highly recommend this.
amazon price is cheaper than babiesus even with 20% coupon.
i became incredibly prone to blocked ducts when pumping and feeding some bottles became a part of our routine.
i had tried other systems, and the playtex one, by far, was the best.
these liners are thin enough to manipulate easily, but also durable.
we have never had one leak in the diaper bag!
love these liners--quick prep, easy feeding and makes bottle clean up a breeze, especially if you forget a bottle in the car or find one under the bed from a late night half awake feeding--you don't have to throw the bottle away because of the yuck.
always just need to make sure that i have enough liners.the pricing is good (it's worth 4 cents to me to not have to wash a bottle!).
and the product is secure.very very occasionally it leaks if i put it in carelessly and didn't make sure the liner was solid and not a bit crumpled.
but that's my fault.
even the pricing is fair.
i originally bought dr. brown bottles before the baby was born but at the hospital i had a hard time getting the baby to latch on - the lactation consultant suggested playtex nurser bottles because the nipple is very much shaped like the breast.
my baby has had no problem going from breast to bottle (we do both) -- and having a liner makes cleaning the bottles super easy.
i recommend these bottles to everyone and gave my sister dr. brown's (who prefers the dr. browns).
i wish i knew about these before birth and not spent so much money on the dr. browns.
convenient and useful and everyone knows it.
daddy loves them.
they're his go-to 'bottles' for feeding lo.
they don't take up much space as well, especially if you stack them in the nurser.
i love this system, i feel that it's really worth it.
these wall hanging are well made and are so light weight you can put them up with a tack.
very cute!
these look so cute in my nephews room.
these go with the jungle babies theme.
they are pretty big pieces too, which is great!
they are too precious!
i purchased the whole ensemble and the babies room looks great.
if you go for the jungle babies, be sure that all pieces match..  we had to return the lamp and lamp shade because the characters were different than the rest of the ensemble.
overall it looks great for a boys room
we have a the nojo jungle babies 6-piece crib set as well as the wall stickers and these hangings.
they are made from the same materials as the comforter so match perfectly.
they can be thrown in the washing machine when they get too dusty and hold up well.
i did not get anything from the matching set...i just added them to what i already had and they really bring the room together.
my little guy was getting too big for the normal plastic baby tub and i am not quite ready to have him be on his own in the tub right now.
i like that i can &#34;be in control&#34; a little bit more with this bath tub.i really wish that i would have gotten this when he was 4-5 months old when he could sit upright by himself.i make sure that i rinse it out and hang it up immediately so that it can start drying out.
so far, i have not noticed any musty smell.what i also like about this is my son burnt his foot and we were having to elevate it and keep it out of the water for awhile.
since the sides are soft (think bean bag chair) we propped his foot up on the side and he left it there because it was cushiony.
made in the usa!
i love this bath!!!
we were using a bath "chair/sling" type thing and i always felt that my daughter was going to slip out of it and into the tub so i was constantly readjusting her.
and forget my husband trying to bath her...that was just not going to happen.
she loves that she can sit up and not slip and slide around.
her toys all stay within her reach and in front of her.
i have never had problems with mildew or any strange smells.
we rinse it off with the shower nozzle after her bath and hang it from the shower curtain rod to dry.
it is always dry by the next day.
i have the original safer bather and i'm thinking about purchasing this item and the reviews so far have been very helpful, however i have a few questions i'm hoping other reviewers can answer who own this:1. the original is more of a cushion and the material mildews after a while, do the beads in this one do the same or is it a different material?2.
how long does it take to dry?3.
at what age would you recommend this product?
would it be appropriate for a 3 1/2 month old who can't sit on his/her own?
i thought this insert was a great idea, but it seemed to scare my 10-month old.
the second time she cried the entire time despite my taking the time to show it to her and let her touch it, etc, before getting into the tub.
same thing on night 3, so i returned it.
granted, this is just our experience, but i will say that i think part of the issue was she couldn't splash in it.
as others have said, despite the manufacturers image, this tub doesn't really fill up with water - it pretty much soaks back through to the main tub.
also, i did rinse it off and hang it to dry, and after three uses it already had that 'sour' smell.
as a smaller tub to fit in your larger tub, it's quite nice.
it was rigid when it arrived, but softened up once the pellets inside (think bean bag pellets) touched the water.
it comes with an attached hook to hang dry it.that being said...i found it impossible to thoroughly dry and clean.
i tried hanging it in the shower, hanging it in the garage, hanging it outside in the sun, laying it outside in the sun.
it always had a musty/mildewy smell that i could never get rid of.
i live in colorado, so i can't imagine what it would be like in a humid area.
i tried washing it with oxyclean.
i tried bleaching it.
nothing really got rid of the smell.
maybe someone else figured out a way to clean this thing, but after a few weeks i was afraid my sensitive skinned baby was laying on a bath that was encasing mold, so we stopped using it.
but if you can find a way to clean it, it's a really easy bath to use.
honestly, we never took this out of the package and i ended up selling it for much less than i paid.
we had bought it thinking it would be another fun gadget, but actually having it in our home made us realize how big and bulky this was.
it's filled with those styrofaom type bead things so it would definitely need to be aired out and dried between every bath but i still think it'd accumulate mold/mildew relatively quick.
this tub is great, not sure why people had to give it bad reviews.
very roomy tub and i even use it as a play pad after it is done drying.
it helps sit him up and even if he slides the bumper sides are awesome.
she is 9 months old now and we'll likely be using it for another couple of months until she is more stable in the tub.
it does take awhile to dry out though so we blow a fan on it at night to prevent it from getting moldy in the bathroom.
i can't take a point off for its bulkiness since it's not a hidden attribute.
however, it is a nice bathing unit for my little guy, now that he sits up in the tubby.
i like that it offers a cushy support should he tip over.
soft material.
bright colors kept my son engaged during his bath.
air dries quickly when hung up.
so i like this product overall but i do have one problem with it and its kind of a big one.
if you forget to hang it up to dry after bath time...
it smells!
it has only happened a couple times but now i feel like the dirty smell came from mildew settling into the bath stuffing and so it must be ruined inside, i just cant see it....
threw it away and went with a blow up bath i can see, clean, and sanitize.
my son is about 15lbs and just over 25 inches.
he fits perfectly in this lying down.
it supports his head and neck if he wants to lay back.
my little guy loves it.
it has a no slip bottom which i love.
hangs to dry right on the bar in the tub.
no mildew smell so far.
we've been using it for 2 months.
this is a great tub when they grow out of the infant tub but can't quite sit well enough for the large tub reliably.
i am about to retire it because he wants to be in the large tub now but it served it's purpose well and was worth the price.
he loves playing with it to hear the bean bag sounds and loves that leachco tag on the side.we hung it to dry in the shower nightly and never noticed any mildew/mold and it dried quickly.
the only downside of this vs an inflatable is that when he pooped in the tub once it was difficult to clean out.
that was the only time i wasn't happy.
the picture for this product is deceiving.
i is actually a cheap feeling scratchy and abrasive type material.
i tried my son in it once and he screamed hysterically and i haven't used it since.
i was very disappointed that i couldn't use it.
best tub for newborn/infant bath time hands down!!!
wished i would have found this tub before i purchased one of those hard cold plastic tubs for my newborn.
my 4month old outgrew the hard plastic tub by the time he was 3 months old and my husband and i really didn't find it safe for him anymore as he slid under the water twice with one of his shamu-like back arches, rubbed the skin off of his pinky toe because the tub was too short, and banged his head on either side of the tub countless times with all the flopping around he was doing during his bath, which is more like play time to him.
the first time we used the tub my 4month old fell asleep in it.
it is just the right height for his head and arms to rest comfortably on during bath since he isn't able to hold his head up yet.
the fact that i can bathe him by myself in the big boy tub and only have one hand on him the whole time rather than both is spectacular since we humans generally only have two hands.
once out of the tub you just drain the water from the big tub, squeeze out as much water from the cushioned tub and hang it up to dry in a well ventilated area.
this tub makes bathing a slippery and wiggly infant so much easier and safer especially during shampooing and rinsing which i dreaded in his old plastic tub.
as we didn't purchase this tub when our child was an infant, i would still highly recommend it for anyone with or about to have a newborn.
the plastic tubs and the so called newborn slings are horrible compared to the cushion and ease of use this particular tub provides during bath time.
great transitional tub too!
i received the first year's infant to toddler tub as a shower gift.
it worked ok while we still had the sling in it but i have a large son (98% percentile) so he outgrew it very quickly.
i order this tub to replace it and with i had gotten this tub first!
he can lay on his tummy while it's in the sling position making it very easy to actually wash him without having to hold him up with both arms.
he can't sit up by himself yet but the walls are tall enough that he can prop himself up against them, or he can lounge and use the edges as a sort of pillow.
after bath time is over this hangs with a very sturdy hook to dry.
i have been using it 3-4 times a week for just about a month now and have had no problems at all with it getting a musty odor as others have mentioned.
i find that it actually dries fairly quickly.
others have also complained about having to fill the whole tub in order to use this which it true.
it is fabric and will not hold water on it's own but i don't find that to be a problem.
it fills almost the whole tub anyways and i use the extra tub space to float toys for my son to reach for while on his tummy when it's flipped over to be more of a sling/lounge.
overall it is definitely better than those hard plastic tubes and worth a shot.
i wish i would've read the reviews more carefully that this thing doesn't hold water!
what a drawbak for me.. and i discovered this too late and wasn't able to return it.
you ahve to fill the whole tub with water and then the water that comes into the tub is used.
it's got weird styrofoam pieces inside that make it safe for baby in case he falls over but it totally sucks that you have to waste so much water at bath time!
what a horrible invention.
i learned my lesson the hard way to real all available reviews carefully before i purchase.
we have a smaller, newborn version of a leachco bath product that looks the same so i knew what we were getting (it is only for a recline and now that our lo is 7.5 months old i wanted something she could sit in.
)concerns voiced by others:other people have said they were upset because it is not very tall.
however, as i'm not looking for something to completely hold my baby up, just be there as a small support, this was not an issue for me.
our little girl is small and i actually kind of like that this does not go all the way to her head.also, others said they didn't like that they had to fill the bathtub up because this doesn't hold water on it's own.
i didn't find that a problem and since i don't need much water, it really didn't bother me.i like that it's not too big and that it's soft for our baby to sit against.
inside are beans of some kind to hold it down.as we've only used it once, i can't say anything for how long it will last, but i really like it and so does our little girl.
i was concerned about having her sit in the tub but with this i don't worry.
she loves it!
not recommended,  to messy and just not worth the headache.
it was sent back after realizing it was soon to become a moldy mess.
not worth the trouble or finding a place to store it.
i wish i had this for my first kid.
for him, we had the fisher price whale tub and he was always sliding to one side or another, which was nerve wracking.
we hang this over the tub after each use and have had no problems in 4.5 months  i highly recommend it!
this was really great for my newborn daughter.
it got a little smelly despite rinsing and air drying every use.
but it had served its purpose before becoming unusable.
we found this wasn't the best thing to use in the bath regularly.
it's a bit of work to wring the water out, and you never get it all out.
it's large enough that even my 99th percentile for height and weight 6 month old can fit with no problems.
i've used the same one with no issues of mold but i wring it out really good and hang it up to dry.
my older son likes to use it as a little bean bag, so i guess that means it's comfortable.
this is by far the best thing i have seen out there yet.
first, i have read and tried a lot of the other items out there- the foam mats, slings, tubs....
it will support baby on a slight incline and will keep her from rolling off either side or down.
it was the most perfect thing to use when our daughter's belly button had not yet healed.our daughter loved being placed on it when the warm water would press thru with her weight on the cushion.
i wouldn't dream of using anything else.
since the umbilical cord fell off, my baby has been using this in our adult bathtub.
he enjoys feeling like hes taking a bath even though the water level doesn't come past the point of the mat.
this is probably good up until baby can sit up and move around on their own
after only a couple uses it started to smell like mildew.
and i always washed it out and hung it up to dry after using it.
other than that it was a big help.
i read a lot of reviews about this thing and took to heart the complaints of mildew, etc.
considering i live in the south, i was very hesitant to get this item.
but decided i'd try it anyway.
i have had this thing months now.
i'm lazy and hang the thing in the shower itself to dry.
i have had not one problem with it and i love it!
saw this bath pad, read the reviews, and had to have it!
my experience with the big, bulky, plastic tubs is that infants tend to slide down while bathing them.
thus forcing you to have 4 hands instead of 2.
i just drain it, then throw it in the washer.
but it's not a big deal!
we have used this tub since his very first bath and he just loves it!
he now splashes, kicks, and plays and never gets afraid of the tub.
my infant son loves his baths thanks to this product.
just hang it up and it drips dries fast for no mess or mold.
forget the old hard plastic tubs that are slippery!
get this!
i have been using this bather with my son for about 4 months.
a big drawback is that only part of him is in the water during a bath, so by the end of the bath he seems a little cold.
he has dry skin, so i make the bath as quick as possible anyway.
i've read some of the other reviews about the bather not drying and mildew problems.
we don't have a place to hang dry the bather, so i lift it out of the tub and let all of the water run out.
when it stops dripping, i prop it up inside the tub so it can continue to dry.
twice i've rinsed the bather out with vinegar to kill bacteria and to keep it smelling fresh.
i've never noticed mildew, but it just makes sense to me to rinse it out with vinegar.
everyone warned us how difficult it would be to bathe baby...how wrong they were.
from day one home from the hospital, our boy has enjoyed his time in the bath, and it's because he is so comfy on this pillow.
would recommend for sure!
who would want to sit in a hard molded plastic thing when you can sit on a pillow!
i don't get all the good reviews of this product.
i really don't like it.
it's too big to fit comfortably in my standard size sink,and doesn't keep babies head inclined and out of the water in the tub.
it does seem comfy for baby,but she does easily get cold in it.
there is a reason it's design has been around for years!
very useful, very good quality, i totally love it!
my newborn screamed through his baths until we ordered this and began to use it.
now he loves the bath!
it holds him securely so that i can scrub away.
we put it in her eurobath tub and she doesn't slide at all.
bathtime is so much fun for everyone.
i ordered this for some friends off their registry list and they loved it.
my daughter was not the biggest fan of bath time until we got this bath pad.
we had previously been given a larger bathtub at our baby shower, but our baby was premature and the tub was way too big for her.
the tub i purchased was a complete waste of money.
this was a lifesaver for when my boy couldn't sit up safely on his own.
it just needs to be rinsed out well and hung to dry in a well ventilated area to avoid it getting moldy.
i have 3 boys, aged 4 and under, and it feels like i've tried every bathtub/ring/cushion on the market!
this is, by far, the absolute best bathtime product for babies aged newborn on up.
i haven't had any problems with mildew like a previous review mentioned, and we've been using it for 9 months now.
even now that he's not content to lie still in the bathtub, the safer bather makes a comfy and slip-proof place for him to sit while he's being bathed (when he sits still, that is ;-) ).i'd highly recommend this over one of the uncomfortable, hard plastic infant tubs.
neither of my older 2 kids liked baths until they could sit up in the tub.
if only i had used the safer bather sooner!
when i brought my little guy home i had a mesch infant chair for his bath to use in the sink.
he cried at every bath because he was cold.
it's a great tool for not much money.
you do have to have a good place to hang it to dry because try as i might i can't squeeze enough water out of it to keep it from dripping while it dries but it comes with a hook that fits over the shower head so it's not much of a problem.
the reason for the 1 star is because baby is not due until dec 1 2013, and it has not been used.
mother to be is excited about it, but we won't know the thoughts until its used, then i'll re-rate it
i used this for my daughter 3 years ago and now for my son who was just born in march.
it fits in my kitchen sink and allows baby's head to stay propped up.
baby's head doesn't flop side to side in it.4.
this item should of been plastic not cloth.when put to dry mold grows.
even if u wash it the mold doesnt go away.it also annoyingly soaks all the water.i wont recommend.
this little bathtub is great.
one thing that added a little extra is it comes with its own (detachable) clothes hanger, making it easy to hang dry.this also makes a great back rest for momma's bath time!
after my 3 month old decided she no longer liked the standard plastic infant bath tub, i was desperate to find another solution so that we could resume tear-free tubby time.
i also ordered the summer infant comfy bath sponge to try out both options, but i really like the leachco better.
(i put it in the washing machine per the instructions and it turned out fine.)
it is easy to dry between baths and i have had no issues with a mildew smell.
i found that the idea of this bather was excellent.
sadly, it did not fit in my sink.
i ended up using it as a cushion on the counter to dress her in.
i do not bath my baby without it.
this is fits perfect inside my infant bathtub.
i can't say enough good things about this bather!
it is angled just enough so that his or her bottom half can be in a good amount of water (no one wants a cold, unhappy baby in the bath).
also, when you have the baby sit up to wash his hair and back his bum stays in place and he doesn't slide around, which makes bathing such a challenge otherwise.the only negative thing i would say about it (and i don't even really think it's negative) is that after about 1 1/2 years of use, including washing it periodically, it lost some of its shape and wasn't as "fluffy."
that's why we ended up buying a second one, but honestly for the price and use we got out of it, i couldn't complain about it.
it is also important to hang it up in the shower up the hanger provided after use and squeeze the water out or it can become a little bit stinky from mildew.
if you forget it's not a big deal to throw it in the washer.
we washed it periodically anyways, just to keep it fresh.i 100% recommend this product!
i've had it for about a month and haven't had any issues with mold like some of the other reviewers had reported.
it does come with a hook to hang it but i'm not sure where they expect you to hang it from with it being so heavy.
i love this thing!
i've never had a problem with mold or mildew.
the fact that it comes with a hanger helps a lot for drying.
i start filling the tub while he's laying in it, and it's nice that the water starts to surround his little butt and lower back to keep him warm, but still keep him safely in place.
since it's soft you're able to easily reach spots without having to turn the baby too much.it is pretty small though.
now that my son's gotten bigger, his heels can hit the bottom of the tub, though he appears to enjoy this.
i do not have to worry about my little one slipping around during baths, i would recommend this product to anyone.
this is the best thing i've found in a long time.
i tried one of those cheap sponge things from [a store], and it just mildewed and was disgusting after a very short period of time.
i went to babiesrus which is where i should have gone in the first place and there this was.
the last one too!
boy, i just don't know what i would have done without it.
i try to buy one for every baby shower now but they usually run out at babies rus!
one of the best parts is that it's washable!
i do agree it is a bit difficult to wring out but like others said if you hang it up it dries by the next morning.
but beware - do not hang it to dry until you squeeze out some of the water.
i did not do this and the cloth that wraps around the hook ripped a bit.
i purchased the leachco safer bather for my daughter when she was expecting her first child.
i had loved the inflatible bathtub i had for her 30 years ago, and the leachco safer bather looked like a significantly improved bath aid.
that solved the problem and made the pad sit securely on the counter surface.however, i did not rate this item as five stars for the following reasons.
the cover stains if your baby has an "accident" - even laundry stainremover and washing the pad immediately did not prevent this from happening.
further, the cover picks up any lint in your washer, in addition to pilling some, so it must be washed alone.
i would suggest the manufacturer rethink the fabric on the covering and do something that would prevent immediate staining or provide instructions for removing stains.
a non-pilling fabric would also be much better.the third reason that i did not rate this as five stars is that i believe it has a very limited useful life.
the inflatible bath tubs have higher sides so that when a child is sitting up, if they happen to tip over, might be able to avoid a nasty head bump.
in the bathing pad, if the child tips over, they could quite possibly hit their head on the side or bottom of the bathtub.i also have concerns that the bath pad may slip when placed in a tub.
the instructions say to soak it, but there are no suction pads on the bottom so that it can adhere to the tub's surface.
the inflatible tubs with which i am familiar do suction to the tub's surface and allow for better infant security.if you have extra funds to spend on your child or grandchild, this might be a good option.
however, i would definitely recommend exploring the various inflatible tubs that are available since they will have a longer useful life and seem to be more secure.
i got this sponge bath thing hoping to replace the bulky hard blue bathtub but turns out that this thing is just awkward for newborns.
i used it with my newborn (less than a month old) and the water got cold ultra fast, the sponge took forever to dry, was heavy and the incline was weird for my newborn.
i think i will try it again when he gets a little older but for little tiny babies,....not so much.
it's sitting in storage.
my infant loves lounging for his bath!
it is plush, it helps retain the warmth of the water around him, and is much easier to use and store than a giant baby tub!
this leight-weight bath pillow is perfect for baths in the kitchen sink or inside another tub.
there is a little sunken-in area for his little bottom and he loves to sit in it and splash around while we bathe him.
after the bath, we simply give it a squeeze and hang it in the shower to drip-dry overnight.
it can be machine washed but will pill-up if it goes through the dryer.
)this is a fantastic product to bring while traveling - it's allowed us to give him his bath while on vacation or at grandma's house.i highly recommend this product!
i have used this product nearly every other day for over three months and it works well.
i have not had a problem with it smelling or becoming moldy and i live in a very hot and humid climate.
my only complaint is that i wish the part for my child's head was elevated a little more so water would not get in her ears.
i could put less water in the tub but then she gets too cold too quickly.
when my daughter was first born we bought a bath sponge in the shape of a bear that was about 2 inches thick.
for the first month or two while we bathed her in a baby bathtub it worked great.
but once we moved her into a big bathtub we realized we needed something more.this bath pillow elevates the head of the baby while giving her a lot of support throughout the body.
you can posistion it at the end of your tub so she is on an incline as well.i liked that this pillow grows with your baby and will be good at helping an older baby sit in the bath better making bath time more enjoyable.it has a hanger that is attached so you just hang it to let it dry.
and the auquarium print on it is gender neutral.
i just bought this because my daughter is getting too big for her plastic tub.
she loves it!
dries quickly.
i liked using this for my premiee baby girl once she grew out of her nicu bath at home but after a few months use it gave her a rash on her back.
i didn't think it was the bath pad giving her the rash until her 3 year old sister started to get the same rash on her bottom because she liked to sit on it after my baby girl got out.
i would not reccomend this product.
great if you plan to bathe your baby in the regular tub (or a big portable tub, although i haven't managed to find one that fits), but be warned : the fabric isn't soft at all !
my baby outgrew the baby bathtub sling a while ago and this is great.
it's so comfy for him and easy to manage.
i just plop this thing down in the  bathtub and that's it.
i ended up bending a wire clothes hanger and using that as a hook to hang it up in the shower in order to let it drip dry.
follow the instructions to the letter - this product will still smell bad after a few uses.
i hate it!!!
i've gone through 3 bathing things so far - and this is my least favorite.
first, it doesn't have much elevation for newborns.
second, it gets heavy once it's wet and flattens.alternate product recommendation - sure comfort tub by the first years.... now that is a good baby bathtub!!!
i squeezed this foam bathing pad out after every bath and hung it to air dry each time, using it once a week for my newborn.
it was so disappointing when it started to stink of mildew after only four baths!
i ordered this because i don't have a lot of storage space and thought this bath would be easier to store than a big plastic tub.
it arrived sealed in plastic but when i attempted to use it for the first time black dirt seeped out.
our baby kept pooping in it, and it's hard to clean out when that happens.
also, when it gets waterlogged it's very heavy.
our little guy preferred this over the standard plastic baby tub.
i think it's probably more comfortable for him.
no hard plastic poking him.
bath time became much more enjoyable once we started using this!our little guy is 4 months old now and really stretches over the bottom so i think we'll only be able to use this another month or so.
our babies love this pillow so much, they don't want to get out of the tub.
i registered for and received the eurobath by primo, but my daughter was just a little too small for the tub.
she seemed so much more comfortable than in the hard plastic bathtub, and much more stable as well.
now we are making the transition to the eurobath, which i recommend now that she's a little bigger.
we got this bath pad for our 3 month old and initially loved it, as he sat there so comfortably while we washed him, but within even the first month he started getting a horrible rash on his back due to contact with the bath pad.
we have always cleaned and hung to dry, but we live in a warm climate and clearly the mildew grows inside of the mat unless you have professional drying equipment.
to avoid buying another pad we have attempted to use wet towels over the pad so that his skin does not come in direct contact with the infected pad, but unfortunately this does not appear to be enough.
our baby is now six months and has an ongoing and painful looking rash on his back where it has been touching the bath pad.bottom line: if you plan to buy 10 pads (for $250??)
and treat them like disposable items - polluting the landfills and throwing your money away in the process - then this pad is wonderful, but for all of the sane people out there, please do not make the same mistake we did.
the only things that bother me are the way hairs get trapped in the material (usually mine) and how the material has gotten stretched out at the top from the weight of the water as it's being hung up to dry.
i don't looooove the print, but it's cute enough.
none of these affect its usability, however, and it keeps him warm and out of the water and seems much more comfortable than plastic.
pro:-spongy holding around your baby to create more safety if bathing baby in ceramic sink.con:-always need 2 adult to bath your baby.
one holding baby's head up so water won't get into baby's ears, and the other person give the actual bath to the baby.-the mildew smell(i try to hang it dry over night in the bathroom cause it soaks lots of water and keep dripping.
than remove to somewhere under the sunlight during the day time, to get it complete dry out for next bath.
however, without drying under the sunlight(when its cloudy day....it has mildew smell)after 3 month usage, the spongy getting flat...and the whole thing keeps sinking(the head part used to be higher...but now about 2 inches flatter)...my husband now has to hold the baby's head plus holding up the hook towards outside the sink... it's totally useless now and i'll have to buy something else...
i much prefer the old-school baby sponges for baths but could not find any.i worry about this harboring bacteria, mold, etc as it is hard to wash and dry.
this worked for giving our newborn sponge baths, but i ended up getting a tub with a newborn insert when it came time for giving real baths.
overall, i wouldn't buy it again.
it is contoured to keep your baby in place and provide cushion and support for her head.
i only give it four stars because unlike some parents, i do not think this product is best for water baths.
i found that when i tried to use it in the kitchen sink it soaked up a lot of water and had to be washed to prevent mildew.
although it is machine washable, it does get those fuzzy little pills of cloth attached to it, which are a pain to pull off.
also, i don't see how a baby much older than a month can fit in it, as it is very small.
if you are looking for a great bathtub for your infant check out the eurobath, which i couldn't recommend more highly!
this was really not what i expected.
i have it away rather than returning it.
i wanted something that would deflate and take up little space.
i was also concerned about mold build up in a sponge this big.
i reccomend this to anyone looking for a safe baby bath.
she has used it since day oen.
i wouldn't go with any other tub.
safest tub you can buy.it does hold a lot of water, but as long as you hang it to dry, it is fine.
way better than a sponge bath tub that falls apart and mildews or a cold, slippery plastic tub.
this was a bathtime must have for us!
it was comfy and made bathing her and washing her hair so easy.
it has a hook to hang it to dry which is also handy.
great product.
love this products.
baby tubs are so silly, overpriced and dont use them very long.
the baby really goes with it.
dries nice and easy to fit anywhere.
the only con is it takes a while to dry and finding somewhere good to hang it can be a pain.
the plastic arm kept collapsing, dumping my week old baby in the water, even though i had a hand on him at all times.
it wouldn't stay up.
he likes it much better & doesn't cry now when it's bath time (he's 13 weeks old now).
it does get a mildew smell if it doesn't dry properly, but that's solved by washing it every week or so on gentle cycle.
once he's able to sit up, i'll go back to the infant tub (without the insert).
and this product meant to go in a tub not a sink, unless you have a large sink.
it's been great so far!
i really liked this for my newborn.
its comfy for her to lay on while i sponge her with soap and rinse her.
i dont like the baby tubs till they are several months old so this was perfect
it's good enough to get the job done but there are better things out there.
we ended up using a sling style bather and that works much better.
this one must be hung inside the tub for a while before you can do anything with it because it is sooo wet.
it also gets very flat so baby's head isn't elevated enough.
i got this awhile ago for my first son.
it was a great idea, and he loved it, but man did it stink!
no matter where or how soon i hung it up to dry.
plus immediately after the bath it's a huge pillow soaked with water, so it's heavy and not too convenient.
we also lived in a super small house in philadelphia with no good spot to store it.
we've since switched to thesummer infant fold n' store tub time bath slingand it's been through 2 kids and i'm about to use it for one more.
it's convenient and folds and best of all doesn't stink like mildew!
blech!
don't waste the money, you'll end up buying something else anyway!
it soaks up so much water and takes to long to dry.
not really what i was expecting or looking for.
we ordered this before our son was born (he is now two months old) and i am overjoyed with this bathtub solution.
we have used it both in the sink and the bathtub.
it does absorb water during the bath which must be drained out of it but it is so comfy and there is nothing hard or slippery which was important to me because wet babies are slippery enough.
i also like that you could use this to give a sponge bath before the cord falls off.
with a newborn it is very hard to give a bath in one of those plastic tubs or the sink because i had to try and hold his head for him and somehow really get in between all of his folds.
those were too hard for me and i ended up just giving him spnge baths while he lied on a towel.this bath pad is perfect!
i don;t have to worry about him slipping and sliding all over the place and i can easliy move his body parts to clean.i love it!
(i have washed it several times and always hang it dry after the bath----but it does seem to have a mildew smell after a couple baths.)
i'm thinking of putting it in the sun to help.
with the traditional hard tubs with the incline and hard plastic, i was always afraid to have my baby slip on mine or my husband's hands.
we place the bather in the infant tub on our bed for easier bathing.
after we are done, my husband rinses and rings the bather for it to dry.
i have thrown the bather in the washer a few times too with no problems.
it did develop a mildew smell after awhile but a soak in diluted vinegar in the baby's tub for a couple of hours kills all the smell.
great product.
i was startled when i pulled this out of the box because it was so much bigger than i thought it would be.
i saw the pictures other people posted of their babies using this in the sink, and figured i could do the same.
i was completely wrong -- it's way too big for that.
i guess some people have really huge sinks!
so i was initially disappointed that i had to use this in the tub with a 2-wk-old baby -- but i loved it almost as soon as i tried it.
the head is slightly angled upward so it's harder for the standing water to get into her ears.
it's easy to squeeze out and hang up to dry on the shower rod (though it takes until the next day to get completely dry).
i haven't had any issues with it getting smelly, after 4 months of twice-a-week use.
but the directions on the tag clearly tell you how to wash it, if it does start to smell.
now that my daughter's bigger and her feet reach past the bottom, she loves kicking her feet in the water.
i think i'm going to start gifting these to pregnant friends.
as squirmy as my baby was, i didn't see how i could just use the safer bather by itself.
it floated up occasionally though and we would just set it back underneath her more.
however, it doesn't really sit the baby's head up far enough for my liking -- we add a piece of foam under the top part to elevate him a bit more.
this works well in a kitchen sink too, when babies are tiny enough to fit in there!
we thought it looked more comfortable for him than any of the hard plastic baby baths we tried.update: after using it for only a month or so, it has flattened out considerably and doesn't really do anything aside from provide just the smallest amount of padding.
i've lowered the stars and edited my review.
the baby's head isn't sitting up at all and this isn't really usable anymore.
so much better...
there are links to similar ones heresummer infant mother's touch deluxe baby bather, blueand heresummer infant mother's touch large comfort bather, bubble fish
i used this to wash my baby in the sink until she was about three months old and no longer fit.
i still use it occasionally to lay her on the bathroom floor when she won't let me get ready in peace :) it does get moldy so needs to be washed and it has started to pill but it served it's purpose.
with this, he could lie down comfortably while i clean him up, i don't have to worry about him slipping around.
it fits our sink perfectly and while the color has started to fade but it still serves its purpose.
the hanger is very convenient, i just hang the whole thing to dry and it's ready for the next use.
i love fact that it's soft instead of hard plastic which allows is to soak up warm water fast and is comfy for baby.it dries out very quickly and doesn't mildew.
this was one of those &quot;i've got to have it&quot; items that was on my registry.
i used it a few times and then that was it.
it does work well at cushioning, but i found that my son wasn't immersed enough in the water and would start to get cold as did the water that collected on top of the cushion.i also got the evenflo infant to toddler bath that has the built in (removable) inclined, cushioned insert that worked quite well instead.
with the insert removed, the cushion made a perfect fit, i just found that i preferred the bathtub insert more.
i was not disappointed.
i gave him a bath in it for the first time tonight and it was so much easier to bathe him than in a newborn tub.
i was also able to wash his hair so much easier with him laying sideways like this.the hanger makes it so easy to hang this up after his bath to let the water drain and dry it out.i am really impressed and very happy with my purchase!
i'm heading over to moms.com right now to recommend it.
then off to weespring!
good sponge, compared to the 5$ one we got.
much more fluffy.
but takes a while to dry.
we bathe every night and hang it in the tub in between to dry - which it does!
getting small/short for my 4mo old tho...
it gives him a cushy padding that makes his bath more pleasurable.
now he hangs out and only cries once i start washing his hair.
it dries quickly and easily (i just hang it in the shower).
at first i had purchased one of those plastic tubs thinking that is what everyone else gets, so i must need it.
then i started thinking... how long am i going to need it for?
and after that where in the world am i going to store this huge plastic tub??
that's when i started searching for a solution - this was it!
i'm sooo glad that i returned that huge plastic tub.
it was easy to ring out real quick and i just hung it up in the tub to dry out.
it never got a "moldy" smell like other reviews have said - maybe they didn't have enough air circulation around it?
the only thing i don't like is that after using it so much the fabric has sort of stretched out a bit from hanging (it's heavy with the water in it).
it's really not a big deal though because it is still fully functional.
my friends are wondering why they got this huge plastic tub they only used for a few months...
i had used a foam pillow for my son so when i saw this i was thrilled.
always used it by/in the sink until her cord fell off and now she will always be in the 'big bath' so no 'new fear' to conquer when she is older and when we travel how easy it is to take with us!
my son is 29inches long and 19lbs; wish it was a bit bigger but it still holds my son and hes getting used to kicking them legs and spashing in the water while i wash him; which is good.. i like this better than the big bulky plastic tubs.
this was a great concept, however once you put this in the water dont expect to be able to move it.
its to heavy.
it offers no support.
it takes 3 days to dry out and is so thick you cant squeeze the water out.
when you hang this to dry, it feels like a ton of bricks.
it is also a very scratchy material.
it will do but it is really not as good as all the reviewers make it sound.
once this gets wet, water gets around babies head.
baby is left on top very cold.
you can not submerge this in the water even a little, bcs if you do, her head will get wet (no elevation) and it floats upward as well.
it makes it convenient for sponge baths too!
i can set it on the vanity next to the bathroom sink and get all the business done quickly and comfortably.
i &#9829; this thing!
this product is exactly what it says it is.
it works fine, but there are few things i don't like about it.1) it takes forever to dry and it drips when it is drying, so not very convienent in your bathroom2) my son started sitting up at around 4.5 months and he hated this as you have to lay flat.
i got the first years infant to toddler and that is way more versitle and i wish i got that from the beginning.overall-- i personally would not buy this again and instead would get the infant to toddler tub (one that has a sling for the infant).
this is a waste of space as i hardly used it and my son did not prefer it.
it served its purpose, but there are better bath pads out there.
i always worried about it mildewing so i threw it away.
this is very thin.
i wanted something that i could  bathe my new baby on next to my three-year-old in the tub.
i wouldn't have been able to use more than 2 inches of water with this.
i used it until she was about 6 months.
the only thing that i didn't like as much was when she got to be about 4.5-5 months she would slip down and i would have to keep re-positioning her.
but that didn't bother me too much.
i still really like this product and would recommend for new babies.
they have a dr. seuss theme for the baby's room and for the baby.
although, their price are not as competitive with similar items.
it goes well with their chosen theme.
this is a must have.
i used the same pillow with all three of my kids.
it has help up well for 7 years.
i periodically put it in the clothes washer for a good cleaning.
i never had a problem with the mildew smell as one person commented.
i used this in 2 different baby tubs to make it softer for my boys and to keep them from sliding around.
i also used this in the sink.
this really is a great product.
so far as tubs go, i tried putting my infant in a tub with a sling, and the sling was too narrow and didn't give enough.
and they hold the babies so high out of the water, they get cold quick.
it was so stiff, i felt like he was going to fall off of it.
i also don't like tubs with baby stoppers in them - the bump that their bottoms sit on to keep them from sliding down.
find a tub that doesn't have a stopper or one that is removable.
if you have this bath pillow, you don't need a sling or a stopper, so you can get a tub with less going on in it, and use it longer.
it dries easily and is convenient to store (there's a hook for you to hang the bath pad).
it is thick and soft and feels comfy.
i did put this in the washing machine, which i shouldn't have because after that one time machine wash, it started showing wear as if the bath pad has been used for a long time.
i made sure that i wrung it out each and every time, hanging to dry.
after 5 months straight of using it and loving it, it finally started to smell moldy.
so i tossed it with 100% satisfaction that i got great use out of it.
i ordered another one - but after just a week or so, the mold started.
perhaps it's hit or miss?
i just used this bather for the first time last night and i must say that i love it!!
my now 4 month old daughter has just outgrown her infant tub, and since she doesn't have her own bathroom yet, i wanted to get something that was easy to store.
this was our answer!
after bathtime, just wring and hang on the shower rod.
how easy is that?!
of course, since i've only used it once i haven't had any problems with mold, but i plan on washing it everyweek, so i hope that helps.
if it becomes a problem, i will update this review!update:well i have been using this product for about two months now and it does have mildew!
ew!!
(reduced to 3 stars) it is not stink however, but the mildew is very obvious!
i have washed it weekly and dried it after every bath but still mildew!
i do think that it was fine for the transitional period, but my now 6.5 month old daughter will be using an inflatable tub and this will be tossed!
now that #2 is on the way, i purchased another.
our bathroom counter has two sinks, so their isn't enough counter space for a standard plastic baby tub.
we have a two-story home, and don't want to lug baby bath stuff down to the kitchen, only to trek back upstairs to the bedroom.
i imagine it could get moldy if left in a damp environment, but ours never did, and we used it for more than a year.
however, we wrung it out as much as possible after use, and hung it from the shower head, so it could drip dry and had air circulation.
what a fantastic product!
my little luca is 10 months old and i still use it!
from the day i took him home from the hospital i have used this wonderful product!the outer fabric is cheerful and bright!
before baby can sit up, you actually use this tub "upside down."
this is 100% not slippery!
no more having to hold baby with one arm and wash with the other arm!
you will finally enjoy giving your baby a bath!when baby can sit up, turn this around and it is like well, my 7 year old calls it a "tubby, boaty, floaty thing."
it even gets you passed the stage where your baby can't really sit up but wants to.
i found that my little guy was happy to recline even on the "boat" side!clean up is a snap but you must maintain this to keep it fresh.
after baby's bath, just shake it out and hang it up.
i keep mine on the shower head or shampoo rack!
this product just drips dry.i have been using mine daily for the past 11 months and mine does not smell or have mold.
i am a freak about baby's things being clean and fresh and am thrilled with this product!
people are right!
this is a must-have!
it holds him comfortably and i never end up with back strain.
a great product!
i really like this bath pad.
my little guy nestles nicely into it and i don't have to worry about him sliding around on it.
it's also nice because i can spray it with warm water before i put him on it and it will retain the warmth so it's not a cold shocker on him.
you really do have to be diligent about drying it and letting all of the surfaces to be exposed to air otherwise it will mold but it can be thrown in the washing machine too.
the product is great.
i'd definitely recommend it to anyone.
this light weight bather, comes with a handle to hang and dry after use.
he has been a very long baby since birth and quickly grew out of the new born sling.
he is now sitting up on it and it is still great.
if you put too much water in the tub it will float up.
getting the water out is easy just swing back and forth for most of it then hang to drip dry.
does not smell and has not molded.
hubby put a hook high on the shower wall to hang to dry.
it's soft but not squishy, contoured so baby dosn't roll off, small and easy to store, machine washable, and babies love it!
what else could you ask for?
i don't know how anyone could choose one of those big, clunky tubs over this.
i initially got this as i was reading the reviews people now being able to bath their little one by themselves.
i was in that boat at 9 weeks it still took me and my husband to bath our son.
so i ordered it... we were in a plastic tub...
the first day we got it was bath night.
so my husband and and i went upstairs.
it didn't really take that long we had some "playtime/singing time" in there too.. anyways, i love this product.
we've now had it 3 weeks and i can't imagine us not having it.
if you are trying to use a big plastic tub or are on a one inch thin bath sponge, make the switch, it is completely worth it.
really wet and heavy too so it's kind of a pain to use.
this is an amazing product.
i used this product until my baby was able to sit up.
i have another one on the way, and am going to use this all over again with her.
after moving out of the baby bath into the big boy tub, this cushion (plus a no slip mat) made bath time much less stressful.
better than the big hard tubs.
our baby is 7 weeks old and this is great so he doesn't slip onto the water and get water in his ears.
just what we were looking for.
not necessarily mold resistant.
i went on reviews when i bought this and it is so easy to use, better than any plastic tub out there.
i have a 3 month old and have basically used the plastic tub a total of 3 times.
the big tub is just so much easier and nicer and there isn't any preparation, everything is there, it's easy to fill and drain and always worked well with my first child.
my husband can even bath him and he looks really comfy in it.
he lies snugly on it while i soap him up and don't have to worry about a slippery baby falling out my hands or hitting himself against the tub.
well worth the money!
i cannot speak highly enough about this baby product!
i love this bath pillow.
it perfectly cradles the baby during bath time...even the tiniest of babies.
once he was sitting on his own we would simply have him sit on it.
we tried a bath seat at one point but it was a hard plastic and the edges were not very smooth.
he looked so uncomfortable in it (plus it was difficult to get him in and out of it).
we never had a problem with mildew or smells.
we always dried it out by hanging it in the shower after the bath.
we washed it a few different ways...sometimes in the washing machine and sometimes by simply adding oxyclean to the bathtub and letting it sit in the solution.
this was just the special and helpful gift i was looking for.
very soft with a convenient hang-up hook so it can dry.
seems to be made well.
i wish i had something like this when my son was a baby!
i bought this because it looked like a more comfortable version of the tub sponge that my mom recommended.
it does elevate the baby more than the yellow sponge, but i had a few things i didn't like about it.
first, it is very hard to lift to wring out after the bath.
the water it soaks up makes it very heavy.
second, if you don't have all of the water wrung out of it, and don't completely submerge it into the warm water at the next bath, when the baby lays on it some of the cold water comes out and makes the baby cold.
for the longest time i couldn't figure out why my son screamed every time i laid him on the safer bather, and then one day i felt the cold water coming up out of it as i was bathing him.
i switched to the sure comfort newborn to toddler tub and he likes it so much better.
it is a wonderful product.
i gave birth to my daughter in january and have been using this product since day 1.
we have never had any problems with mildew and i have washed in the machine on delicate cycle with no problems.
the bathtub does get heavy when it is full of water, however, if you let the water drain from the tub 1st and then hang the safer bather in the shower (with its included hanger) it drains and dries very nicely.i highly recommend this product, it is so worth it!!!!
my daughter started out with the newborn end of the primo eurobath, but baby + soapy water + plastic adds up to a seriously slippery adventure.
a quick rinse under the faucet, and hang the bath pad by its hook over a laundry sink or on a shower head and it's clean and dry for tomorrow's bathtime...
i used this for until my baby could sit up in the regular bathtub on her own.
i was trying to avoid buying a bunch of bulky baby items that would require storing between baby births.
it is so light weight and small so it's easy to store away until our next baby needs it.
it worked great for just laying in our regular bathtub and you can just hang it on the shower head to dry.
it comes with a hook to hang it up.
i would definitely recommend it.
this bather has made bath time so easy.
i struggled for 2.5 months with the sponge then the infant tub, sling on and sling off.
how frustrating they all were.
i was terrified.
this product has been great.
i've not had any problems with mildew or losing it's shape.
i give it a thorough rinse in hot water then wring it out and hang it over the tub.
it dries pretty quickly.
i got this as a shower gift and i don't know what i'd do without it.
the only minor problem is the water goes through, but i put a big towel underneath it so it cathes the water.
i like the hook on the top so it's easy to hang up to air dry over the shower head.
i haven't had any problems with mildew and it is machine washable.
excellent product!!
those big plastic tubs took up my whole bathroom and were hard to store.
i love this bath mat.
it is so easy to use and store.
when you are done with the bath, just squeeze the water out and hang it on the shower head to dry.
done and out of the way.
so far, it has been great!
the first couple of baths that i gave my newborn (now 2.5 month old) were in the plastic primo eurotub.
it seemed so hard and cold and it was really impossible to hold my very active little one steady in the tub while bathing him.
my husband immediately rinsed off the pad and threw it in the wash and it was almost as good as new.
the only issue that i have with it is that after that machine wash, the material has started to pill.
i had a safety first tub that folded, a wire frame tub with a cloth cover that made it more like a lawnchair, a non-folding tub by safety first and then i finally broke down and tried this tub.i hated how all the others allowed my daughter to slide around and even slip down and turn sideways while bathing.
she loves to kick and splash with her feet while in the other tubs she would squirm and start to cry.if the sponge tub starts to smell after awhile (mine did after 3 months) try to put it in the washer and then hang it in a well ventillated area.
that is why i gave this 4 stars instead of 5 - it did smell alittle mildewy recently but now after being washed it is fine.lets just say the other three tubs are going in the lawn sale this summer!
the safer bather has not held up the way i expected it to.
i've been bathing my five month old daughter in it in the big bath tub for about a month now because she outgrew her infant tub, and i have to admit, based on the other reviews, i thought it would be a much better product.
the top part that is bulkier is flatting out, and because my daughter kicks so much in the tub it still slides some.
i just washed it today and it's all bent out of shape and feels as if the foam inside has ripped on one side, and there are now a bunch of "pills" all over it.
i gave it 3 stars because i never encountered any musty smell at all, and it is better than nothing.
i would simply rinse, wring and hang it after each use.
i'm disappointed with this product and glad i did not purchase it with my own money - i used a gift card.
i'm glad other moms have had such great luck with the safer bather.
we originally got apri eurobath, pearl whitebut quickly realized it would take up about half of our small apartment bathroom.
we got this instead and love it!
i use it in our tub (we don't have a large enough kitchen sink) and have done so since our son was born.
i think we will probably stop using it as soon as he can sit up on his own.provides nice support for your baby, and keeps baby's head slightly elevated and out of the water.
also easy to just hang in the bath to dry.great product!
really not ideal for safety.
it's flat and goes on the bottom of the tub.
i don't like it- maybe it works for other but not me.
i'll preface this by saying that i'm sure that every child has individual preferences in these things, so your experience may vary.
that said, none of the purported benefits of this plate and spoons provided any advantage to my son.
he prefers metal silverware (the spoons are narrower and easier to fit into a little mouth) and a smaller plate (less chasing food around).
so while these are perfectly adequate, i wouldn't buy them again, especially not at the infamously high babybjorn prices.also, please note that the large base for this plate may not fit onto smaller high chair trays (such as our keekaroo).
i haven't downrated the product because of this, as the dimensions are listed right in the description, but thought it worth pointing out.for reference, here's the silverware and plate that we prefer:http://www.amazon.com/oneida-chateau-6-piece-progress-flatware/dp/b000ndq3dc/ref=pd_sim_sbs_ba_3http://www.amazon.com/oxo-6104800-tot-plate-aqua/dp/b0038jduru/ref=sr_1_1_m?s=home-garden&ie;=utf8&qid;=1358632535&sr;=1-1&keywords;=oxo+tot+plate
i bought this because it wasn't made in china, was cute and fit everything i was looking for.
i really like the fact that it's big enough for little hands to fit in it.
i can put cooked veggies that tend to be slippery, in it and my 9 month old can actually pick up the food (as opposed to it sliding around not ever being picked up).
i was disappointed that on the first time trying it, my child tipped it over and the food went everywhere.
other than that, so far it's good.
this bowl is cute and difficult for my daughter to lift and throw.
however, if your high chair has a smaller tray, this bowl will not fit.
for example, we have thefisher-price healthy care deluxe booster seat - blue, and the bowl does not fit on the tray - it is too large for the tray.
when i got it home and opened it i saw the dreaded #7 recycle code on the white part.
here is what they said:"babybj&ouml;rn and plastic safety: when it comes to the material used in the production of our products, we put significant effort into finding materials that meet our high standards of quality and safety.
all plastics used in the production of our kitchen products fulfill the demands of the european (eec),and the american (fda) standard for plastics, and are classified as food-safe.
recent studies by health organizations such as the national institute of health have raised concerns about the safety ofbisphenol-a (bpa) in plastic products.
polycarbonate plastic is not used in the production of any babybj&ouml;rn baby products and all babybj&ouml;rn products with a plastic component are bpa-free.
"i decided to keep it and see how it goes, even though i prefer using glass or stainless steel items.
i like that this one is not made in china, like so many things tend to be.
spoon is too big for my son's mouth (he's 11mo old), and the look of the plate makes me feel like i'm feeding my son out of the dog bowl.
the plate can be easily picked up.
plus the plate is too large and fits awkwardly on our highchair (we have a boon high chair that we love love!)
i do however, really like the spoons.
my son has more success and less mess with these spoons more than any other kind...for one thing the spoon bowl is quite rounded (compared to some spoons that are only slightly rounded or even flat) which is helpful as the child raises the spoon to the mouth the spoon may be tipped this way or that and the rounded bowl of the spoon helps to keep the contents on the spoon instead of falling back onto the plate.
plus the shape of spoon handle and texture of the materials makes the spoon easier to grasp.
i recommend you measure your tray and see the dimensions on this plate-- it's a bigger plate than most baby plates.in every other way, this is a great set.
spoons are well designed, fit in kids' hand.
plate is difficult or impossible for child to lift/throw (we have never had that happen).
the spoons are great for a toddler.
the plate is very much like a dog bowl.
it is a little too bulky and a pain to store since you cannot stack that easily with your other bowls.update after 2 yrs: still using it but white part of bowl gets stained and scratched easily.
also the spoon is plastic so it has lots of bite marks.
if i were to do it all over again, i would just get the spoons.
spoons are great for 9m+ especially for soupy foods.
they are orange now.
to be honest, you'll be fine with the munchkin metal and plastic set for $4.
i have those and toddler is fine with that, too.
munchkin utensils fit into boon lawn dish rack better.
the baby bjorn spoons have thick handles so they do not fit well standing up.
and believe i've tried with others and he doesn't like it.
is true they are a little big bigger but if my lo loves them i love them!
they've held up well in the dishwasher and have survived being thrown on the tile floor.
it is non-slip and very stable, but not unmoveable by a determined child.
but for twenty dollars give or take, it is wildly overpriced because what it does not do is stay put on the high chair tray.
my 12-month-old son has no problem picking it up and tossing it if he so desires.
the spoons that it comes with are easy to hold but a little wide for my son's mouth at this point.
i went babybjorn crazy and bought a lot of their product line once my daughter was old enough to start using it.
this set comes with 2 spoons (black and pink) and 1 pink dish.
not so.
i was very concerned about it being plastic but it is not #7 (hard plastic) and is free of bpa.
hard plastic and #7 plastics are the ones we need to stay away from though all plastic is questionable.
this set is "ok" as she learns to eat from a bowl with a spoon, but then it's quickly on to a non plastic dish.
there are just too may unknowns out there about plastic.
i like that it doesn't have sections because a lot of times my daughter is eating something like macaroni and peas that doesn't need to be sectioned.
it does not claim to have suction or that you're baby wont' be able to pick it up so you need to have realistic expectations about that.
the thing i don't like about the plate is that it claims to have a rubber base which i envisioned as the whole bottom being rubber but it's actually only the outer edge so it does slide a bit.
however since i can't find anything better i have used this plate for every meal and snack for the past couple weeks and i have to say overall i really like it.
just an fyi don't cut anything in it with a sharp knife as it does make scratch marks.
i haven't had any staining problems and i've served spaghetti and blackberries in it several times (i hand wash it after every meal).
i loved this design even before i became a mother.
the design is cute as a button, and the material feels nice.
i've used it for 6+ months now, and have started to notice a faint brown stain appearing in the main eating surface.
sometimes it seemed like a permanent stain, and other times, it will scratch off with my finger nail when wet, but not budge in the dishwasher, scrub surface, soaking, nor sitting out in the sun.
i'm not excited about this at all....
i've had a smaller bowl from oxo that i've used just as long as this plate, and that white surface has no sign of stains...the baby is able to pick up the bowl, but that's not the concern.
the staining aspect that only comes off with my nail scratches, is a no no...
he plays with the spoons all the time.
i was hoping my 11mo would not pick up this plate but that was the first thing she did, and threw it on the ground :(that being said, the spoons are pretty much amazing.
this bowl is cute and difficult for my daughter to lift and throw.
however, if your high chair has a smaller tray, this bowl will not fit.
baby loves the spoons and actually he plays with one while i feed him with the other one.the plate looks lovely but does not stay put which is a total disadvantage.
this solved the problem of our baby picking up her dish and dumping the contents out.
we were surprised that some reviewers thought it was cheap-feeling.
not ugly like most baby stuff made these days.
so happy, we ordered another one.
i really like this plate.
it makes teaching using utensils a lot easier.
i would highly recommend this product to anyone!
i just un-snap the 2 pieces wash them and snap them back together when they are dry.
this is very easy but a child would not be able to do it.these also fit together so they take up less space!
ummmmm, duh!!
then yes, they will be able to pick it up.
that is just common sense.
these are just harder to pick up.
try teaching your child some manners, yes, even at 1 year old children can be taught not to do something.
if you are having trouble with your child throwing their plate then perhaps you should be looking for a book on teaching your child some manners instead of trying to fix the problem with a bowl!
i think it serves the purpose of a dish for a small child, however it's nothing special.
i love to use it as a shallow bowl for cereal, where my son can scoop things from it easily, but for dinner it doesn't have compartments and thus all the food runs together in one pile.
a little pricey but i think worth it.
my 10 month old easily lifted this off his high chair tray.
it is a lot lighter than i expected and it does not grip my son's high chair tray at all.
these are my baby's all-time favorite spoons.
they are wide enough to pick up quite a bit of food and get it in his mouth without (too much) mess, and soft enough on his cheeks and gums.
this bowl is relatively hard for my daughter to tip over, and it is supposedly dishwasher and microwave safe.
many other plastic bowls are melamine or contain bpas and should not be microwaved.
they are a bit too wide and not as soft on teething babies' gums as some of the more rubbery options on the market, but they are fine and have nice stubby handles for babies to hold onto.my bowl did not come with a black spoon like in the picture.
for me, that was fine and even preferable, but if for some reason you're really excited about a black spoon with your pink bowl, beware.
while the design looked promising, my 13 month old was easily able to pick this plate up off a flat surface and dump its contents everywhere.
the cloverleaf design does appear to assist her in getting food onto the spoon, rather than chasing it all over the plate.
overall, i'd say this plate is nice but over-priced.
i really like this mobile.
it is much better than the ones you can get that match your nursery set.
i have had some trouble with the remote working, but i don't use it that much so it's not that big of a problem.
also it's nice to be able to change the toys on the mobile as your child gets older.
it helps them from getting tired of it.
great product!!
it's got lots of variety for the baby with the characters that spin around and the two types of music and white noise.
it's part of our naptime routine and seems to really soothe her.
the remote control is so key, too!
having interchangeable pieces is such an inovative idea, and it keeps our little amy interested.
she also has several other toys made by sassy, and we have been happy with all of their products.
it is recommended that mobiles be removed from cribs when baby is 5 months old, but the toys from it are removable and now make great playthings for him.
they rattle, squeak, etc., and he just loves holding them and biting them.the remote control did not work unless we were about 3 feet away from the crib, so that was not worth it.while there are some nice music selections, the overall quality of the music sounded sort of muffled and scratchy.
but, my son did not seem to care.overall, this is a good product that's very attractive to babies, and the mobile parts can be used as toys after the mobile is taken down from the crib.
she loves the toys that rotate on this, and as she has gotten older upon waking she is even smiling and &quot;talking&quot; to them without them moving she likes the mobile so much!
at night we put it on one rotation with the ocean sound and &quot;knock on wood&quot; she always falls asleep no joke.
the music is a little tinny for my husband and i, but she absolutely adores it.
the way the music/waves fade is great at bedtime.
i would highly recommend this mobile!
my now 10 week old daughter loves it.
i really like the fact that it hesitates so the baby can focus in.
the music is real nice, and the white noise seems to lull her to sleep.
the remote control works up to four feet, which is enough to activate it again from the bedroom door.
yes, it is very difficult to get the battery in, but it is doable.
the lowest noise setting still seems to be to loud for the two music options, for my daughter to sleep.
the biggest drawback is that if you accidentaly bump into the moblie it makes a lot of noise, with all the plastic pieces having little balls inside, to wake the baby.
our six month old now has the animals on the mobile and uses the others as toy rattles.
once she outgrows it, it can be just a music box.
after her naps we turn this on and she plays in her crib for 10 minutes or so.
batteries lasted a while and even then the mobile worked but we changed the batteries because it stopped responding to the remote.
remote works from across the room as long as it can hit the receiver.
we are really happy with this.
not as cute as some of the wind up ones, but way more functional and much nicer than those weird symphony ones and their strange shapes and toys.
my daughter loves it and so do i.  i like that there are 3 different looks as she grows.
and i like the remote, though i don't usually have to use it because it plays long enough for her to fall asleep.
as far as the reviewer who said it doesn't fit the crib, that is valid.
it doesn't fit the top rail of our crib, but we just put the mobile flat against the slats in the crib and screwed the other side through the slats.
it has worked fine for us, just make sure it is tight.the reason i had to give it only 3 stars (and the only reason) is that we had to return it 3 times to get one that worked!
and we called sassy to see if they could help us with it and they never returned our phone call!
i wasn't very impressed.
if the cost to return the item wouldn't have been so much i would have returned them immediately.
they can be used with much effort but the securing device is too low on the babies to be safe.
i got this for my son when we visit friends and family so we don't have to drag his high chair along.
we ended up having to buy a real booster seat anyway.
i'm not sure if it will hold up, but it fits our needs right now.
our son is 3 years old and it doesn't seem appropriate to have him in a high chair or a booster that clips on the table.
but he is still too small to sit at the table in an adult chair.
i just wish you could remove the seat belt.
my son is too big for the seat belt.
pros:-compact (less bulky than the floppy seat)-inconspicuous to carry-you don't have to deflate it every time if you don't want to.
it can folded and carried still inflated.-very easy to wipe clean.cons:-awkward to set up in a restaurant, particularly having to reach underneath the chair to buckle the lower strap and to deflate with your knees.-unsafe: depending on the chair back, the back strap may loosen when the child leans forward or to the side.-14 month old would lean to one side.most first years products are excellent, but this one needs some adjustment.
as is, it is unsafe.
i had to sit very close to my son to make sure he did not fall out.
we had to tie the back strap to in a knot to keep it from coming loose, then struggle with untying the knot when it was time to leave the restaurant.
unfortunately, had to return.
we had our first years booster seat for 10 years before the straps that hold the seat to the chair snapped from being pulled (by my husband).
he always pulled the straps so the chair could be as tight as could be (although i could easily do it, but just can't get it quite as tight).
we used it through 3 kids and just had another (baby), so we had to get a new one.
i expect we'll have this chair for at least 2 grandkidds too since this baby will be our last.
you can pull the straps through the handle to make a shoulder strap.
it is definitely for older babies.
i prefer to use it in a chair that has arm rests so that my baby can't topple off to the side.
my ten month old sits in it and eats fine, but his weight can easily shift.
i would not leave a child unattended for even a second in this booster, because i think they could be seriously hurt if they leaned over too far.
the fabric on the side provides no support.
however, i just wanted something that would be easier than holding the baby on my lap.
this meets that criteria and was the right price for infrequent use.
the patterned fabric on the seat looks better in person, but it doesn't really match the other blue/periwinkle fabric.
i followed the instructions to allow the seat to expand overnight, and after that it inflated and deflated easily.
overall, i am satisfied with this purchase.
i just wish it was a little taller since some of the chairs were short and the tables taller but wonderful idea and product.
my mother-in-law bought this for my daughter to use at her house, and it's great!pros:it folds down easilyopens up just as easily3-point harness for safetyclips are strongtightens down under chair and behind chair easily, but holds really well too (even if my daughter kicks and wiggles in her chair, the straps don't loosen up)to sum it up... safe, strong, easy, easy, easy!
:-)cons:hmm, i can't really think of one!
i bought this when i was going to be travelling with my 13 month old and wouldn't have a high chair available.
it worked okay, but didn't feel as secure as i would have liked.
we traveled again at 18 months and after the first day i didn't bother with it at all and just let him sit at the table in a regular chair (he's tall for his age).
he was too wiggly and i was afraid he'd knock the whole chair over and hurt himself worse than if he just fell out of the chair.all that said, it does pack very compact and was great for travelling and maybe if i had been using it for a younger child i would have liked it better.
it's easy to blow up, and folds up small.
we take it on trips and attach it to any chair.
she loves sitting in it.
inflates without any effort.3.
no matter where i installed it or how i installed it that chair could flip around with my daughter in it.
it actually did!2.
it doesn't fit well in every chair.
after constant use the chair doesn't stay inflated.overall, don't waste your money on this booster seat!
is dangerous for children who like to move around which i am pretty sure they are the majority.
i have twin girls, when i would take them to a friends i would take my bumbo seats/trays with me so i had somewhere to sit them to eat.
eventually they outgrew the bumbos and i was either stuck holding them or had to drag my highchairs with me.then a friend recommended these travel boosters when someone gave her one for christmas.
i looked into them and decided to give them a try.
maybe the size of a large, flat lunch box?
i leave them both in the car.they have a carry handle and are lightweight.it only took a few breaths to inflate the bottom portion of the seat and was just as easy to deflate when it was time to fold back up.it strapped to the chair easily and was quite stable.
it wasn't wobbley or anything.
it strapped in tight....granted it was a square chair seat and back.
ideal.it was way more sturdy than i thought it was going to be.
the frame is not flimsy at all and the straps are nylon.the only two things i noticed:the seat is smaller than i thought it would be.
i will definitely recommend to a friend.
bought this when we were going on vacation and renting a house.
we knew the place wouldn't have a highchair or booster, so we bought this.
we keep it in our car for times we might need it now.
i was concerned that adding an extension would make the gate more wobbly, but once it is clipped in it is just as sturdy as the original gate by itself.
i was worried that the extension would be loose, or threaten the integrity and safety of the gate itself.
but it isn't, and doesn't, and took literally seconds to snap onto the gate.
yahoo!
it just slides right into the gate.
no assembly required.
this is just what we needed to get our gate to fit in our large doorway.
we have a doorway between the front room and kitchen that must be a non-standard width, because the gate alone is a smidge too small, but when we added the extension, the whole unit wouldn't fit in the doorway.
it would be better design if there was an overlap of about 1/2" between the two sizes.
unfortunately, if you have the gate... you will probably have to buy the extension.the extension itself, is very easy to install... it pretty much just side in on either side of the gate.
so 5 stars for an easy install.not much to say but it's most likely a must have product, because an average size hallway will need this extension.
my neighbor gave me 3 first years hands free gates that were from when her 5 year old daughter was young, but they needed the extensions, and i was worried i wouldn't be able to get them since the gates were older.
you can read my review on the gate as well, lol.
adding them does not make the gate weaker by extending it out like some gates do.
it is just what it states, an extension.
worth the money!
did order the larger one and realized it was a tad too big.
quick shipping as well.
made nice just like the gate.
once you put it on there you will forget it's an attachment and just think the gate was made that way.
i didn't like how it fits and it should be included in the gate.
overall this gate wasn't a good one for me..
the only issue we have come across is that the bottom bar on the gate and the extension bowed a little, we believe it is because of our shoe molding and the way our walls are, we fixed it by putting 2 little pieces of wood under the bottom bar and so far that has fixed our issue.
i don't recommend using more than 1 though.
i have the older style hands free first years gate and was a little concerned if this would fit but it fits perfectly and my gosh it really makes a difference.
the gate fit our hallway before the extension but the supports were almost all the way extended so when we saw that the extension was only 15.00 we decided to give it a go.i do not know how we lived without it.
it used to be kinda wobbly and i found myself tightening it every few days.
i have not had to tighten it since we bought this extension.
i is sooooooooooooooooo much sturdier.
i bought this because i wanted a carrier for short trips instead of always hauling a stroller.
the price was good but it's very uncomfortable to wear and never sits on the body right.
my daughter screamed whenever she was in it or she made her body very stiff like she was scared beyond belief.
i don't feel that this carrier is very safe and it's very difficult to get baby in and out.
spend your money on a better one.
we got this carrier as a shower gift, and we really like it.
i have to agree with the other reviews that it's a little tricky to get baby in and out - but you get what you paid for.
we thought about buying the baby bjorn, but i think it's too expensive for a carrier that we won't use that much anyways.
so we have the cozy rider and also the eurorider(also by infantino), that is much similar with the baby bjorn and have a much better system for getting baby in and out - we can do it without waking the baby, and cost half of the bjorn.so if you plan on having the carrier for occasional use only, i recommend the cozy rider.
i used it in supermarkets, the mall, and at home too, when my baby was fussy and wanted to cuddle all the time.
it does start hurting your back after a while(30-40 minutes or so), but it didn't bother me that much.
if you plan on hiking or wearing it for longer periods of time, you might want to look into a carrier with more padding(like the euro rider or baby bjorn).
if not, this one will do just fine!!!
i recomend it.
this is my 4th carrier.
i have a sling, a hip sling and a snuggli-the stripped down model.
i got this one because i needed something that i could wear for extended periods with my baby facing out that would not restrict my movement too much.
i had no trouble figuring out how to use it.
there are a number of adjustments to be made, but you only have to do it once, until your baby grows enough to move to the next setting.
i made all the adjustments myself, with my baby in the carrier.
it is a lot easier to get him in and out of than the the regular inward facing snugli.
i like that i didn't have to force my baby's feet into the holes, there is plenty of room for even big chunky thighs.
a lot of people have complained about how hard it was to get baby in and out, but i don't know what they are comparing it to.
my only complaint is that there is no waist strap, so i did feel a little strain in my back, and i felt a bit front heavy.
aside from that i think this is a really great carrier for the price.
i think it's a really good deal.
we used it regularly when our babies were newborns ... but by the time my babies hit 12-13 lbs, this carrier became uncomfortable for me, pulling on my shoulders and causing me to arch my lower back - not good!
my husband still could use it till the babies hit about 15lbs, but this time around, we just went for the baby bjorn.
so - if you are looking for something for the first 2-3 months, this is awsome - the baby is snuggled and cozy against mommy's (or daddy's) chest while leaving mommy's hands free - it is great for the transition for newborns.
again, we really liked it when our babies were small - if that's what you are looking for, this is the way to go... if you want to continue using the carrier past 3 months, i would suggest looking at the more expensive baby bjorn for comfort...
we tried several different brands of these carriers before going with the infantino.
i was sold on sight.plus side: the carrier is well suited for infants from birth until about 6 months.
they will not be lost in it, or too heavily restrained.
wide straps the whole way around!
not infantino.
the criss-cross straps on your back also do a better job of distributing the load than some carriers we tried.
cheap!
you could pay a fortune for one of those fancy oversized scandanavian carriers with all the buckles, but why?minus side: small size.
they don't make an identical but larger one, so the time factor is limited.
rips off if the kid tugs on it.
i tossed the one that came with ours, and started using a cloth diaper.
also, the head-hold straps are meant to be under the armpits on older babies, but they are not padded (no problem for the headrest) and poke into the baby's sides if you're not careful.i recommend this to all parents and all friends buying for parents.
this is a nice carrier.
baby feels really comfortable in it and falls asleep.
we noticed that when we take her for a walk in it she sleeps better that night.
you need two people to get her in it- that's the only downside.
but once she's in it, she's super comfy!
i had bought this for my son when he was a few months old.
we lived in an apartment complex on the second floor, so it was crazy to drag him and teh stroller down stairs.
when he turned 4 months old i had problems.
i was packing the car to go on a trip with him in it.
it was too tight around his stomach that he spit up in teh back of our suv.
with him in it i couldn't even put two fingers between him and the carrier.
she truly loves bright colors and i am so excited that it worked so well!
low spillage
i decided to give it a try despite some of the bad reviews, figuring they could be just unlucky.
after trying these sippy cups a few times when my son was 6 month old, and again at 10 month old, i have to agree with these 1 star reviews... it's not your child, it's not the parent, it's the sippy cups problem:- leaks no matter how many times i followed the instructions, re-read, assemble and disassemble.
so i brought another one (and did not put it in the sterilizer or washing machine) and it still leaks!!
:(- the flow is just too fast.
i tried this sippy cup when my son was 6 months and he kept choking cause the flow was just too fast for him.
i thought maybe he wasn't ready yet, and this was a good sippy cup.
i was wrong.
i tried a few more times at 10 months old, the flow is just still too fast he ends up either choking or having his shirt soaked with water.it's a cute cup, i hope it's just a matter of bad quality control only and others have better luck with this.
i give 5 stars to all avent products.
i have had no problems, whatsoever, with avent.
my grandson, at 8 months, is completely off the bottle and is taking formula, juice, and water from his "sippy cup".
we are thrilled.
i would recommend these for short-term use only, buying them with the thought in mind that you will one day throw them away because they wear out quickly and leak.if you plan on nursing and using avent bottles, this is a great way to "transition" your tot into using a cup or another version of sippy cup (i recommend playtex once your child has mastered holding a larger sippy cup- playtex will never leak!).
this avent magic cup can be used with avent nipples, etc.it is not the easiest to clean, but it is possible.eventually, this avent magic cup will leak.
it took a little while, but the transition was easy and it's now the only bottle he uses.
no problems.
he picked up on the difference real fast.gary peterson
great bottles when used with nipples, terrible design with the sippy cup attachment.
sippy cups.
they don't offer them on babies r us online but the do have them in the store.
when making the purchase do it right the first time.
so, if you have been using avent bottles, you can put the sippy cup tops and handles on the bottles.you can pop out the magic valve that makes this a sippy cup and fit in the nipple from the bottle.
especially since you have so many ways to fit the sippy cup together if you have already been using avent bottles.
these cups leak like crazy!
i took pictures of them leaking.
i will be uploading them into amazon's product picture page, we'll see if it's approved.
there is a hole at the base of the nozzle, right where it meets the colored plastic.
i don't know why the hole is there, but all of the cups have this design flaw.
don't waste your money on these cups.
they are cute, but they leak and make a terrible mess.
i've tried gerber cups and those were a lot better.
this was the first sippy cup that my boy used and its still his favorite, even though he can drink from just about any sippy cup now.
recently, i discovered that i could use the nipple and handle on regular avent bottles that we already had.
this was great for when i fell behind on doing dishes...
i simply rinsed the nipple attachment and put it on the avent bottles.
it also allowed us to bring along a few different drinks on trips and simply move the nipple/handle to the different drinks depending on what he wanted.i've not had a problem with leaking or losing parts...
i'm not sure why some would find them hard to take apart?
it has like three peices?
leaking hasn't been an issue at all, in fact these were the only type i had that didn't leak.
of course they have to be assembled right to not leak.
if you forget the valve, they will leak.i particularly like the spout design which allows him to drink without getting solids into the cup.
when he drank during his meals with the gerber cup, all sorts of particles would end up in the cup.
not so with this one.
i will first admit that there are additional parts to these cups that need to be washed, but since we used dr. brown's bottles, i was used to a few pieces.the soft spout on these cups is great, and made transitioning to a cup so easy for us.
my son hasn't taken a bottle since his first birthday, and never missed them a bit.
there are two levels of spouts, one harder one softer.
i've tried other soft spout brands, but have had leaking from the collars.
our little guy will use any brand or spout type, but these are his favorite and nice on sore gums.i really recommend these cups despite the extra valve pieces (which i simply pop in the dishwasher in a basket).
you'll never have spills on your sofa or carpet.
this is not a horrible product.
some young children find the spout easier than other sippies, and we used it as a transition sippy before switching over to the playtex model.they will leak, but hardly in floods if our experience is any indication.
the biggest drawback is that they are a real *pain* to clean.
very difficult to clean by hand (take something else on vacation!)
and not all that convenient even when you do have a dishwasher at hand.
there are just so many parts!plus the handle and the ring thingie don't fit into our bottle washing dishwasher basket.two stars.
you might want to try it for an older baby or toddler who is not adapting to other styles.
but otherwise give it a pass.
these cups - the entire avent line, for that matter - seem so wonderful in theory.
but in practice, they're pretty terrible, and i can't for the life of me figure out how the avent line came to be so hyped.
(a friend of mine speculates it has a lot to do with the cups, bottles, etc being pretty - i'm inclined to agree.
)in a way, these cups remind me of the nursery rhyme my mother would chide me with when i was younger, about the little girl with the little curl in the middle of her forehead.
sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.
there doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to them.
sometimes they leak from the spout, sometimes they leak from the collar, but the same cup will not always leak in the same way, if it leaks at all.
avent bottles have the same leaky collar issue and if you call avent they will tell you that you must have over-tightened the collar, that the collar is supposed to be tightened using the clear plastic over-cap, not touching the collar directly.
huh?
who would think to do it that way?
why would you put a cap on just to tighten the collar and then remove it?
but it's a moot point because any way i do it, loose or tight, collar or cap to tighten, sometimes they leak, sometimes they don't.all that is after you account for the fact that the larger cups only come with the harder green spouts, which are for toddlers.
this is ok, i suppose...  but the white soft spouts just seem nicer, my kid seems to prefer them, and the green spouts are much harder to remove the valves from because they are so stiff!
so when i bought these cups i had to then spend extra money on the white spouts, and that is all we used - which may or may not account for my next problem.
i don't know if it strikes the green spouts or not.over time, these cups stop working.
you will try the cup.
all you will get is a hiss of air, no liquid.
early on, you can remove the cap and press harder to snap the valve in place...  but then after a while, nothing works.
and maybe i'm just an idiot but it bothers me to throw away things that are perfectly ok, and it bothers me that you can't figure out just which part of the cap/valve set has gone bad, you have to either replace all your caps and valves at once or end up playing sippy cup roulette having an odd mixing of new and old spouts/valves that may or may not work when you put them together.in short, this cups have nearly driven me insane.oh, and my favorite, favorite part about these cups - not - is if you use them with the nipple, your kid can push the nipple down inside the cup and spill milk (or whatever) all over the place.
my guy first figured this out while we were out in the stroller and he had a cup of strawberry kefir.
a pretty much full cup.
what a mess!these cups also hold sour milk smell worse than any other cup i have tried (and we've tried a lot)  they pretty much have to be washed in the dishwasher or else repeatedly sterilized which can get annoying.
of course this can be prevented by washing your cups immediately, every time, but let the mom who has never discovered a squirreled-away sippy full of homemade yogurt cast the first stone...i guess the biggest thing these cups offer over the competition is they have caps.
most other sippies don't - actually i don't know of any that do.
no leaks, fewer parts, only one part to go bad...avent...  ugh.
i've used and hated the breastpump, the bottles, and now the sippies.
we have never had them leak, mold, spouts push through or anything!
i suggest reading the directions before tossing these sippy cups in the trash.
i cannot get over how many parents assume that the avent line is alot of "hype" just because they failed to read directions.as for the complaints about mold and sour milk...that's just gross.
wash the sippy cup after it's used.
i'm sure any other brand would get moldy and smelly if you left it in your trunk all summer...not avent's fault!anyway, as for the green spouts being stiffer than the white ones and more difficult to clean...ok, maybe for the first few times because they are new; but they will get more pliable.
i spoke to an avent rep at the baby fair in edison, nj and she suggested buying new spouts every month or so (same for nipples with avent bottles).
they do wear out...especially if you're using the same two or three sippy cups every day.i just bought (and tried) the "sport spout" and although it is quite a mouthful of liquid that comes out, our son has no problem with that spout, either.
no leaks so far.all in all, read the directions and you will see the leaks disappear like magic!
good luck!
finally.
we bought just about every kind of sippy cup on the market.
hard tops, soft tops, short, tall, you name it, we've got it.
and they are currently being stored.
finally, i got him to drink out of a cup.
something about the flatness of the nipple and the fact that it is soft, but not too soft and longer than most.
my little man drank out of it immediately.
hopefully, before too long, he'll be getting his juice himself!
ha ha!
we had a little problem with the avent bottles leaking, but so far, we haven't had a problem with this cup leaking.
i was a little cautious about that when i purchased this one.
because of the bottle leakage, i double check everything before i hand it over.
i hate to clean and don't need any more cleaning jobs added.
my advice, try this cup.
first of all, this thing dries out wipes, even if you do add the 1/4 cup of water you're supposed to add every couple of days!
it also restricts you in the kind of wipes you can buy... forget getting chubbs in its round container, for instance.
the little storage area is a nice idea, but it's rather flimsy and not very supportive.
these take up far less room and are much easier to clean, too.
this one?
you'll be continuously wiping it down, when it hasn't fallen over, that is.
if you don't use a lot of wipes daily they would get dry, but if you do use a lot (like me) they would not get dry.
the only reason why i didn't give the 5 starts, is because it have a really ugly diaper organizer (that didn't match with my daughter's pink room) and we couldn't take it out... and when we try we almost brake it, so is not very durable either..
our wipe warmer has been on since we brought our son home november, 2003.
at those 3am winter morning feedings, this product was great.
my baby never cried during a diaper change and i think this warmer had something to do with it.
i only rate it 4 stars because the diaper organizer was a waste, it does not hang well so i took it off immediately and stored the diapers in a wicker basket on a shelf of our changing table.
also the wipes do get yellow at the bottom but we add water even though the instructions say not to.
we use wipes from costco and they work really well in the warmer, huggies does as well, never tried pampers.
i thought this would be a wonderful way to be nice to our baby with the warmer wipes but it seems like they feel good when i initially open the door and get the wipe but it seems like they are already cold again by the time i start using it on the baby.
also the bottom few wipes always seem to get dry and brown so we waste a few wipes with each refill.
it's an ok product but if i wouldn't buy it again.
the wipes at the bottom will dry out and turn brown within just a few days, and the insert for "pop-up" wipes won't stay down in the unit, so it just comes out with the wipes, making it impossible to grab a wipe with one hand.
the unit is supposed to snap on top of the organizer, but mine kept sliding off.
i gave up after a few weeks and just took the unit off the organizer, and super-glued a regular wipe container on top of the organizer, that i just keep buying refills for.
my baby doesn't seem to mind cold wipes.i still use the organizer, though, and i like it.
it says that it holds about 20 diapers, but when your baby is little, and using diapers through size 2, you can turn them sideways so that you can actually fit in twice as many in two rows instead of just one.
they slide out easily and never seem to get stuck in the netting.
the little pockets on the side are handy for a tube of diaper rash ointment, etc.
i got this before my daughter was born.
i used the diaper hanger a lot, but honestly hardly ever used the warmer.
i guess if you had one for each room it would be a good idea, but we live in a 2 story house and this was in her room.
i found, we changed her wherever she was when it was needed, so the warmer wasn't always handy.
warmers stated "will not yellow the wipes".
bull!
not only do they turn yellow they dry out!
i had my warmer plugged it for 1 month and through it out!
every mom thinks they need warm wipes.
it's better for baby anyways.
save your money ladies!
when we use unwarmed wipes my baby gets more upset at changes.
perhaps we are spoiling him.
;-) he is a winter baby so i'm sure he appreicates our efforts to keep his tushy warm.the only time i have had problems with wipes drying out is when i have over filled it and the lid doesn't close tightly or i have accidently left it open.
now i remove the whole remaining stack and add new ones to the bottom.
even if they are slightly brown, it just looks weird.
i'm pretty sure the wipes are just fine.i do wish that it came with a pop-up adapter or something.
i like the pamper's pop-up wipes but find it difficult to pull one out because they are inner-folded and stick together.
so, i place it on a folded face towel and that seems to work.overall despite the few minor issues mentioned i am very pleased with this product.
i'd like to give 4+ stars to the warmer, 3 stars for the diaper organizer.
the wipey warmer is a luxury every baby deserves.
i have 2, one upstairs and one down.
i place the wipes in a ziploc bag inside the warmer.
it minimizes dry-out.
it may be a little laborious, but it really seems to help.
once they dry a bit, i add some water.
the bottom wipe sometimes turns brown, so it's best not to pack too many in at a time so they can get circulated.
i have mine attached to the co-sleeper.
though it fits the edge snuggly, it doesn't take much to knock it off.
the diapers are contained with a zippered area.
i find it to be too much trouble to unzip it every time i need a diaper so i have just left it open, at which point, diapers end up scattered all over the floor.
now the diapers sit on my end table for a quick reach.
all in all, i'm glad i have the product, i have just modified it to suit my needs, and my baby doesn't protest to diaper changes anymore.
yes, it does dry up if you just leave the warmer on.
i pretty much gave up on that and just use it to store my baby wipes and the bottom section to put diapers.
its easy to reach over to the side of my baby changing station (same height).
the only bad thing about this is that the warmer stays on too long it dries up.
it doesnt take that long.
thats a suggestion.
it attaches to the side of your diaper table or crib with brackets that are included.
also included are some rubber "things" that help you adjust the brackets for a smaller widths; for instance, if you are attaching to a table instead of a crib.
there are two pockets on each side that i use to keep small bottles of lotion, diaper cream, etc.
it seems this is a problem with most warmers that warm from the bottom.the wipes have a tendency to dry out, but i think that is the case with most warmers.
i usually just add a bit of water every now and them to keep them from doing so (although this particular brand recommends against it, but my current one recommends to do it).i was disappointed to find out that there was no warranty when it quit working.
i spent the same amount of money on one at wal-mart and it has a 5 year warranty - long enough to at least get me through the diaper stage!specifics:  it is plug-in and not battery operated.
it warms from the bottom, not the top.
you cannot adjust the temperature.
i think that is the same for most though.
i loved this product at first and i know my daughter enjoyed it for the first two months.
after a while though, it began drying out too quickly and literally burning the wipes on the bottom.
the last thing you want to have to do is throw away 1/3 of your wipes because they are brown and dry.
the good thing about this product is that it was cheap and it gets the job done.
my little one cries now when we are away from home and have to use cold wipes!
she really likes the warm ones.for awhile the doctor wanted us to use wash clothes wet with only water(they recommend this for newborns anyway).
i almost died thinking about walking to the bathroom to wet a washcloth with a screaming baby for every diaper change, but this product provided a simple solution...
i wet the washcloths and stored them in the warmer.
we are using wipes in it now.there are a few things i don't like.
there plastic things that are supposed to make it fit better on the side of the changing table.
they fall off and behind the changing table a lot which is annoying.
it doesn't fit great even with the "sizers"  i also don't think that the diaper stacker is useful at all i tied a ribbon around ours so that is wouldn't hang down anymore.also, the warmer dries out the bottom wipes and turns them yellowish, brown.
i have "solved" this by leaving the same wipes on the bottom all the time.this is a good product for the money, if you don't mind taking the bad with the good!
we bought this wipes warmer for our son's room and it was awful.
the wipes were always hard and brown at the bottom.
we wasted more money throwing ruined wipes away.
we returned it and bought the prince lionheart ultimate wipes warmer.
we've had that one for 8 months now and never had a problem with burnt wipes.
i should have paid the money and bought that one in the first place.
don't waste your money or time buying this wipes warmer- it is cheap and you will regret it.
unfortunately, it doesn't work well with either of the wipes we tried - pampers or huggies.
and the extra storage just didn't provide much "storage".
so we've taken it back and our daughter doesn't seem to mind the room temperature wipes that clean her cute tushie.
it warms your wipes great just when you get to the bottom they are dried out.
my son really enjoys his jitter buggy, it has cute indicator lights and sounds, he loves the vibration, he's 6 months and has sat happily in it up to an hour while i was cleaning.
once he gets bored with one side, i turn the seat so he's facing the other direction.
i got it on sale at a great price so definitely worth the price.it is a bit bulky, luckily our apartment has an open layout so it tucks away against a wall, but it is not portable and you can't really store it.
i do move it room to room without any problem, even when he is in it, i just push it into the kitchen or family room and nothing falls apart (as another reviewer wrote)
i purchased this for my 8 month old son.
he really does like it and it seems to keep him occupied.
there is one major flaw.
he certainly can't do it on his own.
i end up spinning him around which kind of defeats the purpose have having a swivel seat.
i believe if there were more rollers and they were larger the problem would be solved.
so far so good other than that.
took me about a half an hour to put together.
and it is so cute!
i drive a vw, so i just love the "bug" design.
and the vibrating "start and shift" is hysterical.
very cute.
i had this in an older version (didn't have the radio feature) for my 2 sons.
well, i thought i was done with it and sold it.
now i am expecting a 3rd boy...back to my buggy!
i had to have this again.
but even better, is the new features it has...a radio, cell phone, cupholder, and traffic signal.
love this buggy.
it kept my 2 older boys busy for hours.
i dont care for the traditional walker either ( i also have carpet so, they don't really work anyway).
i got one as a gift and it was smaller than the jitter bug and i had a hard time getting my son in and out of it.
ok, so this doesnt fold compact like the new saucers advertise to do, but i don't mind b/c i happen to like this type of entertainer much better, so that may be the one and only downside.
this is not just for a boy b/c it is a car...girls like cars too!
it really keeps her busy.
when we have a garage sale she can sit right next to me and play.
when i originally wrote this review i rated this car a 3 because my son didn't seem to have fun or enjoy being put in it.
and he just didn't seem comfortable.
he is now 8 months though and loves it!
he will move the gears, beep the horn, and just sit and laugh.
he also likes to jump in it and it does allow him to do this more than his other activity center (smartsteps excersaucer).
i would now rate this a 5 although the age requirement should probably be around 6 months.
they survive whatever abuse is dealt to them.
we have not yet had any problems with cracking or breakage of the lid, the part that understandably takes the most stress.
i wish that they were not so hard to get clean.
the problem i have is that food/dry liquid gets stuck in a small groove on the inside of the spout.
it is very hard, even with considerable soaking, to get the crusty bits out of that space.
thank you first years for making these as i haven't been able to find another good old fashioned sippy cup!!
yes a 'little' water comes out when the baby shakes it and bangs it around (it's really not that much), but she can actually use them (she was using the other ones for teethers because she couldn't figure out how to get the liquid out).
i don't have to worry about losing a pricey cup at play dates, etc...top rack dishwasher safecup, top, and stopper (there aren't a million pieces to clean)also recommend: the first years take & toss 5 count spill-proof trainer sippy cups with removable handles, 7 ounce
i have some of these cups that i have been using for my son, and while generally they are great, they do no t travel very well.
i end up taping over the mouthpiece and putting the cup in a ziploc plastic bag to prevent milk from getting everywhere.i was so excited to see these with travel caps.
imagine my disappointment when i realized my seven new cups came with one cap.
we used these almost exclusively until she needed a bigger cup for daycare.
i would recommend every parent have these.
i have been looking for inexpensive sippy cups that are bpa free to send to daycare with my daughter, now that we are transitioning from bottles of breastmilk to other milk.
the main problem that i was having is that many of the sippy cups that i loved did not have a travel lid.
they are inexpensive enough so i don't care if they end up lost.
yes, these are cheap and handy, but don't count on them not leaking if your kids (like mine) drop them, knock them down, or toss them around.
no, they don't "spill" when knocked over, but if you aren't right there when they get tipped over they might as well have spilled because by the time you get to it enough liquid will have leaked out that it might as might as well have spilled.
the rubber cover will keep the leaks in check in a bag for the most part.
best of all you can trash them and it's not going to make a huge dent in your wallet.
we still use them, but for carpeted areas we stick to themunchkin 12 ounce mighty grip toddler sports bottle, colors may varyand have been really impressed with the lack of leaks.
the lids stay on tightly and the liquid inside is easy enough for kids to drink out of.
there are no valves to clean, the cup itself is easy to clean, and the optional caps are great for capping the cup while in a bag.
this cup, however is not completely leak proof when on its side, and if you have kids who shake the cup while it's upside down, you will have drops of liquid coming out of the cup.
i get the whole "take and toss" concept.
these aren't meant to last forever, but i was really unimpressed with the lid/spout area.
he actually, right around his 1st birthday, willingly drank from a straw, so we switched to those cups gladly.
i think i have two of these left somewhere that made it, and god knows where that little blue plastic snap-on cover went.
also, these didn't leak very much at all, which i was impressed with considering the throw-away nature of these.
infact, if i could do it all over again.
i would have purchased different ones, not that i hated these, but i certainly didn't love them.
these are great but will need to be replaced after a while.
my daughter chews on the lids and after a while they will start to leak...i would not describe them as spill proof either-you will still need to watch out for leaks etc-but they are a good product for the price.
i don'[t want to offend anyone, but i had to laugh at the reviews criticizing this product for only working well the first time.
do we not understand the meaning of 'take n toss'?
they're meant to use one time, and then toss.
they go everywhere with my daughter and i.  i love they're disposable so i don't have to lug around a dirty sippy all day.
i'm not sure why i purchased this through amazon, it was cheaper at target, at least i got the colors i wanted.
i've got piles of sippy cups for my daughter and collectively, i cringe to think how much money was dropped on all of them.
in a desperate attempt at finding something new, i grabbed some of these take and toss cups figuring there wasn't much to lose considering how cheap they were.i was very excited to see that they said they were dishwasher safe...meaning, they'll probably last just fine for more than one use.i've only had them a couple of days and i'm so happy i got them.
they're working out great for my 18 month-old and it's great to know that if i'm ever in a situation when one gets broken, lost, or just gets all funky and gross, i won't feel bad about throwing it out!the only downsides to these cups have been mentioned in other reviews -- the lids are a little difficult to get on (but i remind myself this means my daughter will probably never get it off by herself) and they do leak if you shake them upside-down.seriously, give these a shot before dropping $6+ on one sippy cup.
it'll save your sanity.
we've had other cups that he would take too much at once and end up overflowing out of his mouth but these work great.
it only spills when it is really full and left horinzontal, and a little bit comes out of the regular opening.
we have managed to hold on to them relatively well.
we stick to these.
cute, cheap and they work!
the only thing my baby would drink from (no bottles, no other sippy cups).
can go through dishwasher and be used again and again - very durable.
these cups are nice enough, but the lids are not at all durable.
within several weeks the nozzle bit was cracked or broken in almost all the lids.
i was getting sick and tired of buying those expensive sippy cups worth 6-8 dollars and the valves would end up getting lost/broken in the dish washer.
i was fed up and i needed something better that wasn't expensive and i am so thrilled i found these.
my daughter is 16 months old and loves to throw her sippy cups and so far we had no issues with the lids coming off.
i love the part that there is just a lid and no valves to pop in.these are great in the car, for travel and in the highchair.
i went back and bought the 10 oz cups.
if you want one of those then you need to get a cup with a valve that's closer to a bottle.
however if you need a cup that won't make a huge mess when knocked over then these are the right cups for you.these are nice cups for kids transitioning to regular cups or for older kids that are in situations where a regular cup would be inconvenient.
i used these for years after my daughter had transitioned to a regular cup when we were in situations where a spilled drink would have been a disaster, such as for her cup beside her bed at night, the cup i put her juice in when she was sick and for trips in the car.
they're cheap and they stack in the back of your cabinet so you can just pull them out when you need them.the cups are dishwasher safe, they do crack when chewed on but besides that they're fairly strong for something that is disposable.
my son is only 10 months old and can't use this seat because there's not enough space between the seat and the tray.
he's not a fat child, either, only in the 50th % and it cuts right into his belly.
i'll be returning it today.
the nice thing about this chair is that it's pretty cheap and folds up very easily so you're not lugging around a whole bunch of parts.
it is very easy to set up and put back together and easy to clean.
that's a plus if you're traveling alone.
i'd highly recommend this for any mom who loves to travel.
it definetly has its perks.
the fold and go booster was our initial attempt in the art of portable boosters.
we had fallen in love with a different brand that our friends had, so we ran out and got this thing.
mistake.plus side: will hold a child upright while being fed.minus side: straps do not detach easily for cleaning.
tray is not fully adjustable.
bottom feet prone to collapse.
chair falls apart.seriously, we were taking it apart to wash it, and the cheap plastic buttons holding the back on broke.
this is the second portable we had to scrap.
this chair is good only if your baby is small.
oh well, that's the beauty of heindsight i guess.
:-pthis seat serves it's purpose.pros:hard plastic seat and tray is easy to cleanstraps, once assembled and fastened, stay tighttray is removablefolds up for storagegood for light use, i wouldn't use it everyday- read the cons and you'll understandcons:tray is hard to remove, you have to grasp and pull the sides just so to get it to pop off (i have to struggle to stiffle an array of 4-letter words quite often when trying to take the tray off)it's cumbersum to set up and fold down and you'll need both hands to do both (we use the "on-the-go" booster at my mother-in-law's and i can open it with one hand, plop my daughter in the seat, strap her in, and strap the booster seat to the chair easily).
first you need to untangle the straps, make sure they're going in and coming out of all the right places, then you can put your toddler in first and attach the booster to the seat next or vice versa.
the removable tray is nice, but again, a struggle to take off more often than not.
to fold it back down, you'll need both hands once again to push buttons on either side of the seat to pop up the seat and fold it in, then put the tray in with the rest of it, and spend another minute or two "organizing" the straps so they don't get tangled up with each other or come apart from the seat itself (even after the straps are "assembled" going in and out of all the right places, they just fall back out if you're not really careful).this seat isn't bad for us, we only use it at relatives houses who don't have a booster seat, so it's not too much of a hassle.
(it's only been used a half a dozen times in the past year)  but i wouldn't recommend it if you're going to use it more than once a month.
the removable tray is nice, and it is easy to clean, but between the hassle of removing the tray, having to use 2 hands to set it up and fold it back down, and the straps that fall out way too easily when not fastened, it's too much hassle for everyday use.
if you need a booster to use more often, i'd recommend the "on-the-go" booster seat.
i wish that it had a reclining mode, but i think that theres no way it would travel in such a handy little package if it did that!
i love how the straps wind up, the seat completely folds up, and the lid snaps on!
i definitely recommend this product!
my in-laws live far away, and they bought this chair for my daughter to use when we stay at their house.
she has been able to comfortably sit in it since about 5 months old.
the extendable straps are great, and i've had no problem attaching it to a number of different styles of dining chairs.
i think my daughter feels like she is included more with the adult diners when she sits in this chair versus when she sits in her highchair at our home.
it really could be used as a permanent highchair.
the only reason i am not rating it with 5 stars is because the lid to the storage compartment on the back always swings open when i try move the chair, and has even fallen off a few times.
this storage compartment is useless and has always been a nuisance for me.
when i was expecting my 3rd child, my children were about 18 months, and 4 years old... and i needed to pass down my toddlers highchair to the baby...this saftey first seat is excellent!features...*  the straps that attatch the booster to the chair can roll up underneath the booster seat.
*  a handle to carry the chair by once folded*  a place to hook the tray on when the seat is folded*  optional legs for different hights*  a very small compartment, we usually just keep a bibster in there (very hard to fit it though!
*  a removable tray, just one (nothing to loose!).
it doesnt adjust, but if your baby no longer fits with the tray, they are probably old enough to use the booster underneath the table (like my now 2 year old).i really do not have any complaints, the chair is very sturdy, can fit on nearly every chair we use, and is great for travel, but now my son really doesnt want to sit in the "baby" seats at the restaurants, but i do not like the boosters without straps for the chair that they provide... so this may start getting out more often!
lightweight, easy to store, easy to open, can be packed in a suitcase, left at grandma's house.
tray can be a little snug since there is no way of making adjustments to it.
but then again, if you child is big enough they can just push up to the actual table.
it looks great once it's finished, but it takes a lot of patience to get there:the impression material is incredibly difficult to work with.
before i opened the packet, i put it in the freezer for 10 minutes.
then, i opened the packet, rolled it into a ball, stuck it between 2 pieces of wax paper, and pressed down on the top sheet of wax paper with a book.
i then put it back in the freezer for 10 minutes before removing the top sheet of wax paper and making the imprint.this trial and error took me 5 tries before i found a process that worked for me:  if you don't put it in the freezer, you can't get the impression material out of the packet.
if you use foil instead of wax paper, the little crinkles in the foil will make creases in the impression material.
i couldn't get the material to a uniform thickness with the roller, so i used a book - it was easier for me to press down once (fairly evenly, since the book was bigger than the material ball) than it was for me to repeatedly roll over the material ball.
(if you do decide to roll, roll on top of the wax paper or the impression material will stick to the roller.)
if you don't put it back in the freezer, the impression material will stick to your baby's skin.
(i tried lotion and baby powder - separately - as others mentioned, but the impression material still stuck to dragon baby.
)the instructions say to let dry for 24-36 hours, but it took mine 5 days to fully dry.
when it dries, little holes and creases appear - so i took a nail file (i didn't have any sandpaper) and filed the edges and the top, around the footprint, to make it look more smooth.dragon grandma thought it was professionally done in some special baby studio.
and i had extra impression material left over to make a handprint for me!
i don't like to leave negative reviews, but i was so bummed to use this and not get a great result.
also, the wood on the frame is so crappy that the back was cracked in two places when i opened the box!
the &#34;clay&#34; looking material is a foamy type of material and is always malleable (stays gooey even when dried) and it is quite difficult to get a good impression when you pull your baby's hand or foot away.
it sticks to the skin, so it takes quite a few tries, which can be frustrating with a newborn.
i loved the idea of this product but it is quite cheap, and i'd rather splurge for something else.
wish there was something else out there...
the molding material is a very sticky foam that results in a very lightweight finished product.
i originally thought it would be more clay-like.
and used the wax paper instead of foil (one piece for the top side, one for the bottom), and a cutting board instead of wooden roller to press the foam flat.
the foam still stuck to the wax paper in some areas, despite kneading the foam for a while.
but sometimes, it stuck to the whole surface area.
there was no rhyme or reason to the way it stuck, i just had to try a few times.
then when i used a cutting board to press the foam flat, some of the cuts in the cutting board showed up in the foam.
instead, i used the bottom of a plate (that doesn't have a rim) to flatten it out.
it still produced some wrinkles some of the time.used a bit of lotion on the baby's foot and it did not stick to the foam at all.it was very hard to cut out a rectangle in the foam and produce a clean edge.
using the ruler, i pressed down to make the cut, then slid the ruler along the length of the cut to avoid pulling out the foam along the bottom edge of the cut.
hard to explain.
ugh!
too much effort to re-do it all, so it'll stay there permanently.dried the foam face up for maybe 15 hours, leaving the bottom-side wax paper on.
then peeled the bottom-side wax paper off and dried the bottom.
after i flipped it and dried it, it's relatively flat.
an x-acto knife did not work to clean up the edges because it's foam.
i really do think that 48 hrs or more of drying is necessary.
when i handled it after maybe 42 hours, it wasn't really done.frame is ok.  not the best, but acceptable.
i wish it came with a more neutral colored mat to go behind the footprint.
i have a girl, but the pink looks tacky, so i'll use the blue... or maybe i'll replace it with a mat of my own color choice.all-in-all a bit of a pain to work with, but so nice to have a (hopefully) permanent imprint of my baby's foot at 1 month of age.
after all, there's no way to wind back time to remember how small she was.
the hospital never gave us a footprint souvenir at birth, so this is all we have.
ugh!
this was really frustrating.
it's so hard to get a newborn/infant's footprint without them curling up their toes and pulling all of the clay with it, but we finally got them on our twins.
the first went smoothly and we nailed it after the 3rd try.
the second was more challenging, and eventually the clay hardened to a point where it was no longer usable and we still hadn't got the footprint.
we called the company and they mailed us a replacement clay free of charge.
ultimately, what worked for us is preparing the clay on waxed paper, using the wood rolling stick over waxed paper to prevent it from sticking to the clay, pressing the foot firmly but quickly into the clay and quickly pulling it back up in a straight manner.
this was a really stressful experience.
i wish there was an easier way to get footprints, but even though it sucked doing, i'm glad we did it.
we now have their prints captured in clay forever.
this product was very easy to use and required very little effort.
the instructions are clear and are helpful (i noticed a review that a woman rolled the dough too thin, but the directions clearly say not to.
maybe they have altered the directions to help alleviate any problems since she purchased hers).
i too had enough left over to make a handprint which i was happy about :)  i am so glad to have this keepsake of my baby's adorable little foot.
i bought 2 of these frames to give to the grandmothers for mother's day from my 17 month old.
she has tiny hands, so they fit fine (although i wouldn't recommend it for kids her age with larger hands, definitely designed for infants).
am i the only mom that's sick of everything being pink or blue?
what about green, or yellow, or purple?
so i went out to a craft store and bought a sheet of solid scrapbook paper to use as a background instead.
he loved the idea of putting the baby's picture next to her foot and hand print.
he thought that it would be really neat for her to look back at the picture of her at 6 weeks and see how small she was and how tiny her little feet and hands were.
it was so easy to to do.
the material is really easy to work with.
it is so easy to get baby's foot and hand in it.
it isn't goopy so you can bring the material to the baby instead of trying to do the balancing act of getting the baby positioned over the material and then trying to hold her still while you put her into the stuff.
this package you just grabbed the appendage you wanted to imprint, put the material to the foot/hand and pressed gently in.
the set has the background pink on one side and blue on the other.
it really doesn't get any easier and it is really attractive once put together.
the only problem i did have was that my caste cracked when drying.
not very much, but just enough to be noticeable.
(this was because my husband didn't lay it exactly flat to dry, this was not any fault of the product)  however, i just filled the crack with caulk.
i would recommend this to anyone who wants a special keepsake for their child and anyone buying a gift for an expectant parent.
it was easy to follow the direction.
the molding material is easy to work at.
it doesn't dry too quickly so there're plenty of time to try over and over
if you mess up your clay, call the company and they will send you more free of charge.
i only had to replace the clay for one out of three kids since i messed it up.
it is forgiving and you have many chances to re-do the print if you want.
follow directions and you will have a great impression after a few tries.
i do this when the baby is newborn so i can fit two feet in the clay.
i think the material for the mold especially and for the entire frame is somewhat cheap.
i know a couple of people who've been happy with this product but it just didn't work for us.
it is tough to do with a squirmy baby and once we did finally get a mold the contrast wasn't very striking--a footprint with ink may look better.
not worth the effort or $, in my opinion.
i have checked out many of the baby foot print frames and this one is by far the best quality and the easiest to use.
the plaster is quick to set, easy to do and looks good in the finished product.
the frame is high qulity and has great clean lines.
this is a great product that has been hard to find in the stores.
i have two!
(i have even knocked one off the wall on accident and it didn't break - they are good quality, not cheap!)
turned out nice.
the print didn't stick i'm frame but a little super glue fixed it.
good for gift too.
while i didn't have the problems others had with a broken frame, i was still very dissatisfied with the quality of the product.1)  the blue background is so light that it looks more like a blueish grey than blue, the pink was fine but we were going to use the blue side.2)  the clay is a horrible item to use for this purpose.
it stuck to the foil and repeatedly stuck to my son's foot (see additional uploaded photos) regardless of how thick or thin it was rolled out.
what finally worked was to roll it between wax paper, let the clay dry for 5-10 minutes after you roll the material before you try to make an impression (this was not included in the instructions).
i only found this out after we had already made about a dozen attempts and decided to use the scraps to experiment to make a hand print.
because we re-rolled the clay so many times, lint and dirt started to get embedded into the clay resulting in an unattractive print that we didn't want to frame.3) i would have expected a little form to keep the clay in a nice square/rectangle, cutting it with the supplied ruler was also a mess that stuck and deformed the print.
after a day, the clay still did not completely dry and has the consistency of the stiffer marshmallows from lucky charms (firm but will dent with pressure).4)  there is nothing special about the frame except it is thicker.
to attach the clay they include double sided tape.i would not recommend this product.
for the price you can easily go to a craft store and procure the same materials and have a much better end result.
personally, i would use artist clay to make a foot/hand impression first and cast that in plaster.update: 30 november 2011i contacted pearhead regarding the difficult time we had with the clay and that it was embedded with lint and stuff from being re-rolled.
they responded in less than 12 hours and said that they would send out more clay to us.
i originally rated this product as a 1, but because they had excellent customer service i wanted to upgrade my rating to between a 2 and a 3.update: 02 january 2012since my last update, they did not send replacement clay.
i have since emailed the company two or three times and have received no response.
i now would like to reduce the rating of this product to a zero if that were possible.update: jan 2013it seems that they did not like my picture i had uploaded of my newborn son's feet stuck in the clay gunk and pulled down the picture from the site.
instead of fixing the product or providing customer service, it seems that they prefer to hide the imperfections with the product so that more people will buy it.
i gave the eddie bauer backpack diaper bag five stars because it is simply wonderful!
i had been spotting this bag in the store for sometime and broke down and bought it.
i am so glad i did.
it is so good for those short trips to the grocery store, visiting friends & family , shopping at the mall.
i can easily pack two bottles in a small cooler type bag , plenty of diapers (i take 6 diapers) and a compact container of wipes, i also put several outfits in the zipper part (you never know when your little one is going to mess up his clothes)and my son's bib.
i have lotion and baby oil in the side pockets and everything just fits perfectly in the bag.
i can also put my keys and wallet in the zipper section also and i still have plenty of room.
this diaper bag is however not for a long trip, it is perfect for those short trips.
i hated taking my bigger diaper out with us when we were only going to be gone for a couple of hours because it was so bulky and i didn't need that much stuff anyway.
trust me you will use it all the time and wonder why you have those other diaper bags.
i would rather use this diaper bag than the other two i have.
i would highly reccommend this backpack style diaper bag to everyone!
my son is 2 1/2 months old and i can carry everything he needs in this bag.
try this diaper backpack one time and you will be hooked like me!!!!
it is a great looking backpack and works if you only need to go somewhere for a short period of time.
it doesn't hold very much and the top doesn't close like you think it should.
this bag is nice because it isn't an shoulder bag like most baby bags.
here i can put the strain on my body.. not just one shoulder.
i purchased this bag because i wanted to downsize my diaper bag.
overall it is not bad.
i have not had a problem with it wearing out.
the biggest problem i have is it's lack of space for bottles.
it only has one pouch which does not fit all bottles.
i do like the side zipper for easy access.
not the best buy for the money.
i purchased this because i liked how it looked.
i liked the side zipper for easy access to items in the bag.
however, i think it lacks enough room for bottles.
i used it to downsize my diaper bag when i just had my toddler and although it seemed ok, i could not imagine using it for an infant.
i used it for several months and had no problem with the quality, but stopped using it with the birth of my second daughter because it lacked functionality.
overall, i am not impressed with the eddie bauer line.
this monitor had quite a bit of static, but worked well if we placed it someplace with the sound turned down but we could see the lights on it - it is very sensitive.
it is too noisy to use while trying to sleep (unless you are a fairly heavy sleeper or need a white noise machine!).
this monitor is decent for the price, i guess.
but i think i would have rather spent a little extra to get something a little better.
the pro to the monitor is that it picks up the smallest sounds.
but the problem is that there's so much static that you can barely hear the sounds that it picks up.
there's so much static that it almost completely drowns out my crying baby!
if you run the monitor on just the batteries alone ( and unplug the ac adapter), then the monitor is pretty crystal clear.
the only problem with that is that the battery life in that monitor is only like 1-2 nights (tops!).
so, if you have the money to spend on a new 9v battery every night, or every other night, then i guess this monitor would be okay.
but if you have that kind of money, i would suggest that you invest in a monitor that is better quality than this one.
i think i am going to return this for something a little better.
i'm very disappointed in fisher price.
they usually have such great quality products.
i can't believe they would come out with something this poor of quality.
my suggestion: don't [spend] your money on this monitor.
i had purchased the soothing dreams monitor ... and the sound quality was so bad i took it back.
this monitor doesn't have all the neat features that the soothing dreams did, but it does something the other didn't - it works!
you can hear the faintest noise in the baby's room, or keep the volume down and just see the lights.
this monitor is really the best as far as sound quality goes, and the low price is definitely a bonus!
don't waste your money on a monitor with more frills that doesn't work as well - this is all you need!!!
we received this as a present and while it has some nice features, it's rather noisy overall.
our home is a two story and my daughter's room is directly below ours.
the monitor hums loudly and is very staticy no matter how low you turn the volume down.
this monitor was not very good.
it had so much static.
it did its job, so i kept it.
however, i refused to take it with me traveling.
she has a two story house and when i would put the baby down i couldn't hear her cry from downstairs.
i went to the store and found this monitor.
it was only $20 so i figured if it worked even half as well as the graco it would be okay.
let me tell you, it is great.
i could hear the tv in the next room.
i could hear the fan rotating.
i could even hear her roll over.
on top of that, i could see her larger movements with the lights.
when she cried all the lights glowed.
i was tempted to take this monitor back home with me and bring the one i have in my house to indiana my next visit.
this is a great monitor, don't be fooled because it is cheap that it isn't good.
we get clear reception all of the time.
there is no annoying static or humming like many other monitors.
talk about getting a lot of bang for your buck.
the monitor has noise indicator lights, so when you can't hear the monitor (ie volume turned down, or you're vaccuming) you can see if baby is fussing.
well i purchased this monitor over a year ago when my son was born last november 2002, and i have had no complaints.
the monitor does have background noise when you turn it on, and i only use the ac adaptor, but it works well for my needs.
i can hear my son if the volume is down low, and the lights work great.
i haven't had a problem with the static, and it's one of the most economical buys out there.
so far, fisher-price has been a company i have bought many baby items from.
so, although others have only had short term luck with their monitor, i highly recommend this product , and i've had it for over a year.
this monitor worked great for the first week.
then, there was so much static i couldn't sleep, and i couldn't hear the baby clearly.
it has a wonderful voice activated only feature that allows perfect silence from the monitor unless baby is fussing (i.e., you won't hear the vacuum cleaner or the dryer or the neighbor's dog barking, etc.
- it only turns on when the baby cries or your spouse talks, etc.)
i purchased a different monitor and ..., ended up exchanging and puchasing this monitor.
the clairty is so good and it's as if my baby is in the same room.
i highly recommend this monitor.
i like the items this kit contains.
they are all helpful and can be used until your baby is a toddler.
the only thing i don't like about this kit is that there really isn't a handle to hold it with and it is kind of bulky but other than that its great.
the nail clippers and tweezers have a magnifying glass on them which makes it much easier for clipping babies nails.
i would recommend this product to others.
the 30 piece hospital kit has everything this one has plus the items you'll find in two other similar kits such as hair brush, medicine dropper, clipper (use adult cuticle scissor instead as it is much easier to handle.)
it is very nice and has everything you need.
i like the hard case because it is durable.
i really like the the finger nail clippers the best.
i think it is reasonably price and has everything you need.
this kit represents overall good value in terms of the contents, since a single digital thermometer costs ...
it could include a scissor.however when we first opened the hard plastic case, half of the contents fell out, since they are not secured inside it.
additionally the case is difficult to carry by the handle (there's no hole) and is not securely closed.
the nail clippers,hairbrush, and comb are great but i did not care for the rest.
it would be cost effective to buy the items seperately from this company.
i registered for this thinking it would be great.
everything i need.
riiiighhhttt.. haha..
it doesn't beep so you dont know wen its done.
you have to watch for it to blink or something like that and it only blinks a few times so if u miss it ur gonna sit there for a loooonng time but hey it takes a long time to work anyways.
the medicine dropper is too hard to pull out and push in.
and the tweezers are very flimsy
you don't have to worry about your kid getting these out of the outlet since it's nearly impossible for you to get them out of the outlet.
they lock in securely and require some serious effort to remove.
)i have lupus and even in the middle of a flare, when my hands are very weak and stiff, i can still get these plugs out even though it requires a good deal of effort.
they do give me confidence though that my baby is safe--now he's only 8 months, but is very active and i'm sure would figure out other plugs in no time.
so far, he has seen these, touched them, and lost interest pretty quickly.
i do have to say, though, that i have access to some outlets placed higher on the wall that i use for vacuuming, kitchen appliances, etc.
and have tried to minimize the need to take these plugs in and out of high-use outlets.
i love this product - highly recommend for the mommy and daddy who have busy body babies that cant stop touching everything!
i switched from the basic plastic covers to these when my son learned how to pull those out easily.these require two hands and some wiggling back and forth to get out:  they don't pull straight out.there's no way my son (or any kid!)
is going to get these out, and that's their purpose... to keep him safe.
finally, an outlet cover that my 18 month old can't figure out how to remove!
they work alright, no one will use your outlet, not even you.
sounds easy huh?
these things are bomb (and almost adult) proof!
these along with the safety 1st adapter and plug cover (for outlets in use) are the only thing that stops my toddler in his tracks.
i tried your cheap flat plug covers, which he gets off in three seconds flat.
then i tried the convex style munchkin brand covers, which he actually got off better than i could due to his small fingers.
he's a smart kid.despite the bad reviews, i decided to try these.
they work.
he got frustrated in about 30 seconds and never messes with them anymore.
i think they may have improved the product or something since the reviews started.
definitely give it and/or the safety 1st adapter and plug covers a try if nothing else seems to work and you have a little tinker on your hands.
the basic covers did not cut it.
they are tough to remove, but that is the point.
we feel much safer.
these are good and safe, exactly what they should be but, if i had known better i would have bought the sliding ones with the screw.
yes, these things work.
no baby can get them off.
thing is, if your outlets aren't 100% sturdy (i.e.. loose sockets), you adults will have a tough time too (because of how tightly they stick).
however, i have weak hands and can't get them out w/o my husband's help.
they do the job, but i much prefer thesafe plate for electric outlet - bulk 25 pack - white with single screw.
i used these where the safe plates wouldn't fit (double gangs, for instance).
it takes both hands (and adult hands at that) to get these back out of the outlets again.
and that's exactly what we wanted -- something impossible for babies to remove and a very appreciated pain the the a-- for adults to take out as well.
great product, satefy 1st!
i'm ordering more this week for the rest of the house!!
yes, they are difficult to remove... that is the point, of course.but they break easily upon removal.only use in outlets you have absolutely no intention of using until after your child is old enough to know not to stick anything in them.
we tried these when my todder started to be able to pull out simpler socket protectors.
first, they wouldn't go into all the sockets.
sometimes they'd work on one socket in a pair, but not the other, so i don't htink that was user error or some problem with the fixture.
second, my 2 year old was able to figure out the mechanism and strong enough to pull them out within 20 minutes.
these are some heavy-duty plug covers, which is a good thing.
sure, they take a couple moments for us adults to remove, but the benefit outweighs any silly impatience one might feel while wiggling the cover out.
there is no way she will be getting these out.
that said...
they are very hard for mommy and daddy to get out too.
don't buy these if you think you will need to take them out often
we purchased these along with some cheaper plugs.
so far, our child hasn't figure it out, but we're worried these will not work as well once she's older and may switch to the cheaper ones.
these did not work for out outlets.
possibly because we have an older home??
the latch that is supposed to hook on to the plate isn't long enough so it doesn't grip and they pull right out.
these plugs are actually really difficult to open so i end up pulling them out of the outlet sockets anyways.
it works for the baby(and me.... haha...) i have installed only one and can't removed it.
my husband can but i can't.
they take a couple seconds for me to get off but not really a hassle.
i ordered the wrong ones, so just make sure you order the correct ones, otherwise these would have been perfect.
so we decided to try these.
let me tell you... these things are hard to get out of the wall, even for me.
but that's a good thing in my opinion.
i would rather have something that is so difficult to get out that i even have to take a few moments to do it than something my daughter is going to just pull out and possibly end up hurting herself.pros:+hard to pull from the wall+easy to install+works on any standard outletcons:-hard to pull from the wall even as an adult-a bit pricey if you need to do a lot of outlets
since the first time my daughter noticed the outlets she has been obsessed with them.
that's why i got these ones for her room  and the living room, where she spends most of her time, and got the simpler ones for the rest of the house.they are hard enough that she can't take them out, but not too hard that i can't remove them with one hand.
i purchased these after reading the reviews on how hard they are to remove so i was not too surprised by how hard they are to remove - lol.
you just need to figure out how to take them out and find a gadget that can help depress the safety - a screw driver works well for us.
i was a little concerned about getting these after reading reviews from people who struggled getting these plugs out of the outlets.
but, glad i decided to order them- they work like they should- making it difficult for little hands to pull out of the wall.
yes, they do take a little work for an adult to remove- you have to kind of wiggle them out-but it is pretty simple.
overall a great no fuss product at a great price!
a little to well actually.
it hurts my fingers trying to pry these out of the outlets.
if it's an outlet you don't use much then these will be a great product you won't have to worry about kids getting into.might want to get something else if it's a heavily used plug.
however, they need to be because it doesn't take much for a curious or dexterous child to figure out how to remove other styles of plugs.
you have to push in on both sides of these to remove them, every single one in the pack had one side already jammed in and wouldn't move.pushing the sides in doesn't move the latch enough for the cover to come out, you then need to wrestle with it to get it out which is not good for your back when you are already leaning down to do this.they are a good idea but very badly made.
these seem like the best outlet plugs money can buy.
they may be a little hard to remove when you want to vacuum, but there is no way your baby will get them out of the wall socket.
i bought a bunch of these for our house based on the reviews that said they were impossible to get out.
i'm not sure if we received a defective batch or what, but some of them stay in, and others can be pulled straight out and wont lock in no matter what we do.
these are hard to use - to get on and off, even for adults, which is what we were looking for.
these actually snap into place and are a little difficult even for an adult to remove but will keep a child from removing.
two handed operation.
well, the problem was that i couldn't remove them!
i followed the directions and no luck.
my husband had to mess with them for 10 minutes and pry them out.
i sent these back!
i have soft fingernails so it's really hard for me to do that when i want to use and outlet at her house.
i got these for my house and they are much easier to use.
it's great because they stick out a little from the wall so you can get a much better grip on them and don't have to use your fingernails to pry them off.
however, it would be a challenge for a baby to get them off because he probably couldn't squeeze the sides and push the button at the same time.
i am a 57 year old grandma and if i can do it anyone can.
there are a lot of products like this out there.
i think people should get a few and see what works for them.
this works for us, as do a number of other products.
i know the point is to make it hard for the little ones to reach the outlets, but once these are installed there is no getting them off without destroying the darn thing!
we had to use pliers to wrench this thing out of the outlet, and by the time it came free, it was completely destroyed.
we tried multiple ones from the box and they are all the same (we had hoped that the first two were just defective).
beware!
we almost broke the outlet trying to get these little buggers off.
some of the negative reviews turned me off to the product but i decided to buy them anyways because i couldn't find a sliding plate cover for my gfci outlets and i didn't want our child to see us removing the easier outlet safety plugs on a regular basis.i think this product must have been improved some because the ones i bought can only be pushed in on one side and they work exactly as per the instructions.
basically, pushing the left button unlocks the top button and pushing on the top button unlocks the latch from the ground hole.
it's particularly frustrating if you're in a rush or otherwise tired because on the first pull or two there is very little noticeable progress.
the best part is it looks like he's just tugging on the plug so our little one is unlikely to catch onto the required button sequence.too bad they cost so much (relative to the plain plugs) or i'd consider using them everywhere since they are fairly low profile and thus inconspicuous.the size and grip of the product might make it difficult for people with large hands or who lack coordination/strength in their fingers/hands.
no worrying about toddlers or even pre-schoolers figuring these out...very well made and they do their job.to open them you have to depress the top button, then pull down towards the floor a bit and out.
it takes a few minutes of practice and some finger strength for adults to get it right, but there is absolutely no sense in installing the 'other' outlet covers that can be ripped out of the wall then choked on by a baby is there?
i've also had a few of those 'other' ones snap off inside the outlet, which really was a treat..should not happen with these plugs.so if you want safety these are the plugs to get.
been using them for nearly 5 years now and never have my kids come even close to getting them removed.
i personally was nearly electrocuted as a child, having stuck my parents car keys into a socket...trust me, it only takes a second for a life threatening incident to happen with your child.
why take chances??
?pick up a few extras for grandma's house too.
after reading the reviews i was hoping these would keep my little one safe.
however, even after i followed the directions, the plugs would just fall right out of the outlet/socket...with out any prompting at all.i had to return these...thankfully amazon is great about their return policy.
i don't think every hospital gives away these things.
the hospital where i delivered only gave me a nasal aspirator in terms of these tools to take home.
i disagree that baby's nails are that soft that you can peel off - that would mean that you would have to wait until it gets too long before you can peel it off - i don't want to risk my baby scratching himself with the long nails or getting a hang nail or so long that it actually near the nail off itself where it might tear too deep and bleed.
i do agree that the nail clipper could be a little smaller but it still works.
great products!
i suppose first-time parents think that this is the best collection of baby necessities available!
but, what first-time parents don't realize is that you'll get the most important of these things from your hospital when you leave after having baby!
i've volunteered and had children at several hospitals in several states, and the going-home kit always included a nasal aspirator, a little brush and comb set, a bunch of alcohol wipes to care for the umbilical stub, a shampoo scrub brush (not included in this set, but fabulous, especially for cradle-cap babies), and a little baby nail clipper.
what's included that is unnecessary:emery boards/scissors: baby's nails stay soft for most of the first year, to the point that you can just peel off the overgrown part of the nail easily, without having to contend with a wriggling baby in one arm and a sharp implement in the other handmedicine dropper/spoon: should your baby require liquid antibiotics, the medicine will come with a syringe-type applicator, which you place into baby's mouth and then press the plunger to dispense.
use a spoon?
baby will swat it out of your hand and you'll have pink and white stains everywhere.
use a medicine dropper?
very slow and you have to keep refilling the bulb.
your baby's meds will come with the dispenser, so these are unnecessary.temperature tester: very very inaccurate, especially since babies are still not quite self-regulating when it comes to body temperature.digital thermometer: do yourself a favor and register for an ear thermometer.
it will last much longer -- years!
believe me, baby will not quietly say ah and put the thermometer in his mouth when he feels awful... and just try putting it in the other way!toothbrush: bristles are not recommended for children under 2.
instead, toothbrushes that have rubber tips/points are recommended, to massage teething gums and be gentle on new baby teeth.don't waste your money buying this kit.
get what you can as a gift fro your hospital, invest in a good ear thermometer, and get one of the sets of grow-up-with-baby toothbrushes that "at a baby store"
first of all the bulb syringe it's too hard, and worst: it did not suck at all (the blue one from the hospital have been a life saver).
the nail clipper is too big for my daughter little the comb it's ok...
the nail fillers are way too rough too.
the dropper is too big....i regret of spending my money in this.....keep searching for another set!!!
!update---> i'm writing this note because after reading my comment after a year i have to say that i wrote this review stating that the items doesn't work for a newborn as they promise, but most of the items you can use them for an older baby...
i have to say that the nail clipper has been the best one ever since my daughter was 15 months old, and after my husband step on it an broke it i run to the store and bought another one: lucky me that i found it in a smaller set just with the scisors and the nail fillers and i didn't had to buy the whole kit again!!
this kit has all the essentials.
roomy case to add first aid stuff.
a must have.
perfect for teething lol
the picture doesn't match the product, but it's still a great set.
word of warning though, don't try to sterilize the medicine dropper- it melts!
to all first time mothers: this product is really not necessary!
i bought another thermometer since, this one wasnt very reliable, and all the other things are not really necessary.
our son recently turned two and we still have the kit on-hand for almost daily use.the best items include*  the well-designed medicine spoon:  it stands upright on its own so you can pour liquids into it and see how much you've dispensed;  the guidelines are metric on one side and english on the other;  the spoon itself is sized well for baby with little to no mess* the nail clippers:  big handle for sure gripping while holding a potentially squirmy customer* the bath thermometer:  much more accurate than so many other bath toys that try to do double duty as a thermometer).the most disappointing component was predictably the thermometer.
the toothbrush is also not very helpful because by the time baby is ready to begin brushing, he or she will want a less clinical-looking model with a smaller, softer head than this one has.one note on the negative review at the top of the page:  maybe everyone should move to ann arbor, mi before delivering because the hospitals and pharmacies are much more liberal with their giveaways there.
leaving the hospital and coming home with a newborn, especially your first, can be an unbelievably hectic time - i wouldn't want to rely on the possibility of freebies to help us take care of our baby.given the low cost of this kit, it's well worth knowing that you're prepared to come home with your newborn.
and the nursery and bath care set will continue to pay off with its travel convenience and useful contents for years to come.
the hospital's choice 30 piece all-in-one child care kit contains everything here and other items i have used such as the hairbrush (my son loves the feeling of this brush on his scalp and it was helpful with cradle cap), medicine dropper, rectal thermometer, and nail clipper.
it is easier to manage and you won't clip off pieces of their fingers, as i have done with the infant nail clipper (and many other mothers have done the same i have since learned).
nail files are not effective, nor is biting their fingernails!
i have tried everything.
if you were to buy various kits separately for the items you will use, it would add up to the same cost without the benefit of one nice bit storage bag.
one of the reviewers was kind enough to list all the items in the 30-piece kit, which i found extremely helpful when i initially registered for the kit.
a friend of mine just had a kid and received this as a gift.
they've been keeping this in the car for when they're visiting or just out and about.
it's got all the essentials, including the ones you might not think to pack.
contrary to what another reviewer said i did not get any of these things or any baby care items when i left the hospital with my baby.
so this came in handy.
i haven't found a need for the way the top is able to swival though.
everything is pretty standard and not very low quality as i had feared.
the carrying case is clear and zippered which i found very handy since i could see at a glance what was in it and what was missing.
i think i would have prefered to just buy the items individually for more money, but if you don't have much to spend this would be good.
it has everything in it you need for basic hygien of a baby plus it's convenient for traveling.
the price is good, the brand is good, the products are good, just buy it already!!
hope i can keep it like that!
i registered for this item and it arrived while i was in the hospital.
i was so relieved to find it when i got home.
i'll admit that not all the items are necessary, but it is still a fabulous kit.
all i came home from the hospital with besides my son was an aspirator and ointment for my son's circumcision.
the nail clippers are my favorite even though i did get several pairs with gifts and such.
the adjustable and extra long handle is great.
the scissors and aspirator have also been handy.
i never used the alcohol wipes or emery boards.
i haven't used the tweezers yet, i just haven't needed them, but i'm sure the day will come.i used one of those rubber finger toothbrushes until my son was about 9 months old, but when he bit clean through it and bruised my finger we switched to this toothbrush.
(my son was a fairly early teether and was cutting his molars by then).
we're now on are third toddler toothbrush and he's not even 2 yet.
i've never had any problems with it being variable or unreliable.
the digital therm.
i've always used it to get an underarm temp.
i haven't used the medicine dispensers because most medicines come with their on droppers but if i ever loose one or have to throw one away for some reason i can because i have these reusable ones as backups.overall i think this is a great kit for new parents and i'd recommend it to anyone.
it's been 1yr.
now, and at first i thought this kit was the bomb.
but the only items i regularly use are the baby-hair-brush and the nail clippers.
i do highly recommend the nail clippers from this manufacturer, they have seen much use over 1 year's time and they still work great.tried using the thermometer but it was very difficult to use - bought a better one for very little money and we ended up getting an ear-thermometer anyway, as for the medicine spoon & dropper, (as any doctor will affirm) it is important to use the medication dropper provided with any medicine you purchase (i did not know this as a new-mom previously).
i know the clippers and thermometer are necessities, so was excited to see that this kit came with both of us.
however, when i opened it i realized that the clippers and thermometer are both cheaply made, therefore i will have to purchase them both separately.
everything else is just "fluff" that you don't really need.
most of it you will get from the hospital and a syringe comes with all medicines you will buy.
save your money...buy clippers and thermometer separately and don't worry about the rest...you don't need it or you'll get it from the hospital.
i haven't used it yet, but it seems really complete and full of everything we will need and i liked it better than others i saw.
a lot of the other items i've found pretty useless to me.
we're about to go on a trip and the portablility (case) is great.
my baby is 4 weeks old, i have not yet used a thing from it.
regular adult stuff is more useful and better quality.
this has some useful things in it but not enough to merit the purchase.
get a nosefreida instead of the bulb thing, get baby nail scissors instead of the clippers, the teething tablets have been recalled and i can't get the medicine-dispensing pacifier open to put the medicine in.
also the syringe tip is too large to fit in the opening of the pain reliever so doling it out is a pain on its own and the markings rub off the syringe making it useless after a few uses.
i don't use the teething toy.
i think the only thing in here that i actually use is the thermometer.
in the end, it's just easier to purchase the things you need separately.
this doesn't have anything magical in it that you would overlook...when baby has a snotty nose, you have to clean it; when baby has a fever/pain, you have to relieve it, etc.
after having this product for 8 months of my daughter's life i'd say i have used and still use every product except the medicine syringe, as it didn't contain enough suction to hold any medicine.
the case is too bulky really for a diaper bag, i have never needed all these products on the go, but it does get a lot of use by the changing station.
i'm pleased with the kit overall and would say 11 out of the 12 products being of use i'd rate it 5 stars nevertheless.
this is another one of those nice looking set geared towards new parents/  you see it and think you need it all and it will all match and be in this neat little case when you need it.
but the truth is you won't need most of it.let's start with nail care.
the clippers in this set are adult size with a neat little handle added.
well adult size is too big to use on those little bitty hands...that is why they back infant sizes.
i ended up using the files and we use the scissors to cut tags off of new outfits.then you have all medical stuff.
the nasal aspirator in this set doesn't work.
keep all the free stuff from the hospital because 99% of it is better than what you can buy.
this also goes for the thermometer.
they will be taking your babies temp frequently after birth and they use a digital unit similar to this one but better.
the one we got at the hospital works in 3-5 seconds.
another reviewer said to get an ear unit.
don't waste you money.
if you child needs medication it will come with a syringe which is quiet frankly easier to use then a dropper.
it's far too big for a toddler mouth and you can't use it until they are at very least a year old.
we also use the cute little case to store all the junk that came with this kit that we've never used.so all in all, take everything the hospital gives you and buy a brush because the rest of this set is useless.
so rarely can you find everyone you need all in one product.
this set is the most complete one on the market and there will be no need to supplement it with anything else.
the large handles on the items (especially the clippers and scissors) are very handy so that you don't have to worry about slipping and accidentally cutting your squirming newborn while trying to do those ever-important nail trimmings.
the thermometer is also a great addition if your child's bathtub doesn't already have one.
the purple color is great and it all comes in a great carrying case complete with an important information magnet that you can stick on the refrigerator for baby sitter's etc.
i love this kit.
my only complaint is the nail clippers.
they are a bit big to use on a newborn...oh, and i wish i knew what hospital the lady went to that received all of these products...i got diapers and a formula bag...i had to sneak the t-shirt and blanket for memories!!
this is definitely the set to get.
it includes everything you'll need for baby well care in a convenient storage pouch.
i tend to leave things all over my house but with this kit i never have to search for tiny items.
all of the pieces i've tried so far work very well also.
the clippers are my favorite since they are very easy to handle.
nail files and alcohol swabs are nice extras.
i have yet to use the medicine dropper or water temp taker but i doubt there is anything wrong with those items.
i also have to wait for my daughter's teeth before i test the toothbrush but it's nice that i have everything handy already.
i love this set and keep it clipped on my nursery cart.
it also comes with a useful book on taking care of your baby.
... the rest of the items were!
i just can't seem to get enough suction out of the aspirator for it to work.it has everything you need, and the carrying case isn't bulky.
it really is a good investment!
the nail files are okay.
the medicine dropper was useless.
it wouldn't suction up any medicine.
the fingernail clipper is also useless.
it's just an adult-sized one with an attachment.
should have gotten a baby-specific and -sized one even though right now i'm just trying to file their nails rather than clip then (on their pediatrician's advice).
i'm using the nasal aspirators that we took from the hospital, which i'm told are the best.
so, in all, if i were to do it again, i'd just buy the pieces one-by-one rather than in this kit since i haven't used much of it, and the parts that i have used, have mostly unimpressed me.
i'm not sure what the other reviewers are talkinga bout.
we registered for this set and got it as a gift.
i have used nothing from it.
the green suction bulb is so hard i can't possibly get it to compress with one hand - its useless for suctioning babies nose, we used the one from the hospital.
the same thing with the dropper.
the tweezers were so hard to handle, i just used mine.
the nail clippers are too difficult to see what you are doing and so i end up cutting my daughter's fingers - the nail scissors are too dull to cut her nails.overall, this is a cheap set and i wouldn't recommend it.
*at first, i didn't think i'd need the thermometer because i also had an ear thermometer, but my child's pediatrician said they aren't accurate with newborns or infants, so i've gotten plenty of use out of it as an under-the-arm thermometer.
*i didn't like the bulb syringe at all... it's not very flexible.
i much prefer the one given to us at the hospital.
i use them quite a bit since my son's nails grow so quickly.
some say to just tear the end of the nail off, but i'd hate to accidentally get it tearing into the nail bed!
ouch!
*i won't use the medicine measurer anytime soon thanks to the little syringes the hospital gave me, but once he's bigger and takes larger doses of medicine, i'm sure they'll come in handy.
*the brush is pretty soft, but his hair isn't long enough for the comb yet.i think it's a great set, but this is the only one i have and i haven't checked out any others.
not all kits include scissor, digital thermometer, tweezer etc.
this is one does.
i do agree with one of the reviewers you get some of the items in the hospital, however, we didn't get all of the items and when you're a new parent pressed for time, it's awfully convenient to have everything you need packed into one kit.the one "add on" that we put into the kit ourselves was a digital ear thermometer.
other than that, it had everything we needed.it's great for travel, and the items are well made and attractive in appearance.
it's been awhile since the last review so i thought i'd share my opinion.
while some hospitals may (did) give you some of the items in the kit, it's not a guarantee that they will and there's nothing wrong with  having a backup.
i actually have 2 of these kits, one for the house and one for the diaper bag.
everything you need, daughter loves it... baby probably hates it, lol... good to have more than one of these sets.
i don't think we will be able to use any of these items.
they al feel cheap.
the bulb syringe does not even work.
my 7 month old wants nothing to do with these... she would rather try to hold the bottle without the handles.
extend the life of your avent's product.
they fit with all my avent cups and bottles.
they are a great product if your child takes to the trainer set, other wise, inquisitive children get distracted by them, specially because of the color choices instead of making them clear or white.
i give 5 stars to all avent products.
i have had no problems, whatsoever, with avent.
go from avent bottle, which these trainer handles fit on as well (we started out putting the trainer handles on my grandson's bottles)to the avent trainercups
these are great.
i would rather spend a small amount of money on buying these to put on my avent bottles than a lot more on sippy cups.
they just fit to your regular avent bottles easily.
they can go in the dishwasher too, and my son is just starting to hold his own bottle and he loves it.
what a great idea combined with the no spill teats he is catered for until he go to a sports bottle and cup.
these do just as promised, and we started using them at three months when we switched to bottles exclusively.
it's always nice when a product has a longer life, especially when it's for babies!
i took them into babies r us for store credit, but unfortunately neither bru or buy buy baby had these in stock... :( hopefully i'll find them sonewhere else soon, as i really wanted to have them for his sippy cups.
so, let me start my review by saying not being able to pick the color is annoying (i have a bruiser of a boy & received 2 pink handles), but at least the colors offered match the avent label on the bottles, so it's not that big of a deal.
we owned 2 avent bottles (our only bottles because he exclusively breastfeeds) & when his doctor encouraged starting him on sippy cups with a little bit of water (6months), i really didn't want the bottles to go to waste.
next time i'll simply go to the store to buy.
this is a good idea but the avent sippys always leaked on me , so i cant really recommend this as in the end handles may be useful but the cup is not so what is the point of getting this?switch to another sippy cup.
playtex proved to be very useful without any leaks.
they all made of plastic and they can all build up in the bacteria no matter how you wash it.
just replace it
i wouldn't go a day without these when my daughter had a bottle.
i think these have to be the best things made for bottles.
i never had any troubles with leaking or anything.
(i expected it, but was surprised).
if i ever had anymore kids (which i'm not), i would get these again!
i really like these.
i have been using these to convert my daughter's avent 4 oz bottles to sippy cups.
perfect inexpensive accessory to save on the price of sippys.
she is 11 months and has been using them since she was 6 months.
i would have given them a 5 star rating if i could pick the colors.
i got two green ones, which is fine, just wish i had a choice!
a bit disappointed.
what a great idea!
i personally love all the avent items!
my son is just now learning to hold his own bottle and this is helping him so much!
these only fit on the older style bottles as they lock in with the lid which on the wide mouth glass bottle is much bigger.
the traditional bottles i imagine would be great but these are useless for me unfortunately.
these work perfectly with the avent bottles but you need to buy spouts too.
i know the thing has the dimensions, and of course it's going to be small if it holds a 2x3 frame.
even though i see dimensions i can't see that in my head before it arrives, this thing is so itty bitty.
maybe great for a cramped desk space, other than that it is really nice, and super cute!
very neutral so it fits every decor.
:)
i move a lot so making sure my frames are durable is paramount.
this frame is very well made and didn't sustain any damage when a dog nose knocked it onto the tile from a table top.
frame is cute.
it has real weight to it, so it doesn't feel or look cheap at all.
it's heavy and definitely suggests quality.
that's fine with me - but just wanted to clarify for anyone wondering.
when i say that its from experience.
my older twins had a regular diaper genie, let me tell you that thing was the worst!!
when i heard they had a "new and imporved" diaper genie, i decided to give it a shot.
wow i hated that one two, who woulda guessed?
i dont know anyone who would enjoy turning a knob fifty times to get a new bag, one handed, are you kidding me?
okay so that one was history.
there were 2 others i was looking at, the diaper champ, and the neat diaper disposal system, yes this one wasnt in mind just yet.
my friend has one 10 month old and her champ stinks.
but since she really doesnt know any others i told her that if the other pails sucked too, than i would just get that one.
well now the neat, we didnt buy it, we saw it at a friends house who hated her champ, well now she hates the neat.
so i didnt know what to do.
i was leaning toward the champ because if all of them stunk, atleast this one didnt need refils.
i told my husband that all of the other ones stunk, so lets just try this one, we could say we tried them all!
well, for the occasional 3 year old pull ups, and 2x the dirty 8 month old diapers...
i love it!
this thing is just so nifty.
it really keeps the smell at bay, until of course when you empty it.
i keep one of those circular deoderant things attatched (sometimes 2!)
and i spray it with lysol when i clean it out, every 2 weeks or so.
and when i empty it the smell is no worse than a regular dirty diaper smell.
well i do sometimes get a little whift of it in the boys room, but than i just change the bag!
duhh, if it starts to smell just change it more often.
i am sorry but diapers stink and i found that the diaper dekor is the best.
hey if you think you should get the champ because you dont need to buy so many refils, well guess what, that just means a stinky nursery and alot more garbage bags.
these refils last months.
i love it soo much that i think i may just get one for downstairs too!dont waste your money on the others, save a little more and get this one, its the only one that works**** wow.
i just read a review on targets website on the diaper genie.
they said that they just dispose of the #2 waste in a diaper down the toilet, not the whole diaper or the wipe, just the "#2".
it eliminates almost all odors and i will definatly be trying it.
(and for those #2 diapers that you really just cant do that with, just do as you do with the wet diapers, and it wont be that unbearable.)
a great idea!!
i bought this product because of the reviews i read about it.
however it does not keep out the smell of dirty diapers.
i have used it for 7 months now and had to go buy a different one.
if you are like me, you want the products you buy to do the intended job.
this is not what you want.
get the diaper champ or use a regular trash can and put it out of the way (extra bathroom, laundry room, etc.)
this keeps the odor at bay nicely, but unfortunately, when you add another dirty diaper you end up smelling all the old ones.
it's nice that the bag can be changed at any time since there isn't a pre-set size; so if you get a stinky bunch of diapers and the pail isn't full, you can still empty without wasting extra plastic.
when taking out a full bag just remember to leave enough plastic to tie it off with!
we got the dekor plus after using the small dekor for 10 months.
the reason we changed it is because the inner lid stopped functioning properly.
the lock is necessary because in this model the odors linger if you don't lock it, hence it is not hands free as it is supposed to be.
since we bought the dekor plus it is bigger, but since the smell keeps getting out we have never even allowed more than a day's diapers -5- to stay in there.
if you want this product get the old square old version, which is the one in this picture.
i guess that is the one reviewed by consumer reports and recommended.
he is now 3 months old and we are on our second bag (we just used up the one that came with the diaper pail at 2 months).
so far, no odors.
the bags do have a light scent which may help odor control.
i love that i do not feel like i am wasting bags.
i can cut the bags and make a new one when its full or if his diapers get too smelly when we introduce solid food, i will cut the bags and take them out sooner.
i usually take out 1 bag a week (full!).
they fit a lot of diapers inside.
my newborn's diapers easily drop into the dekor with just a step of the pedal.
once the dekor is full, the bag is easily removed and cut to just the right length which means no bag is wasted.
the bag has a nice scent which isn't overpowering.
the bags have proven to be durable and strong to support the weight of the diapers.
my only complaint would be that i wish it was bigger (it's smaller than a standard trash can).
i love it!
it is a little awkward bag removal using the plastic liners, but the fact that you can decide how big to cut the bag is smart.
very rarely do i catch a wiff while putting a diaper in.my only complaint is for cloth diapering it could be bigger.
it doesn't hold all the ones i use before needing to wash so now i have a hanging planet wise bag in addition & the 2 of them are enough.it's nice enough looking that i would use it for a regular trash can someday when we're done with diapering ;)
i have been using my diaper pail by dekor for 8 months now and i love it.
i have tried out a few of the others via my girlfriends, and none seem to be as easy to use and works as well.the foot pedal design to open the lid sold me.
(you're hands are busy enough!)
although it can be heavier to lift due to the sealing around the edge of the lid, it gets the job done better then anything having to use my hands, and i never have a problem getting my dirty diaper in the pail due to this.
the seal is worth it!the diapers drop through another door that automatically opens when you drop the diaper on it, and closes back up after by it's self.the liner bags are well designed in that you tie off the bag at the bottom, and simply fill with diapers as you would a regular trash bag (no crazy long diaper sausage!)
the bottom opens up when you're ready to change the bag.
tie it off again at the bottom, and you're all set!
(sounds harder and more complicated then it really is.
)i did hesitated at the thought of having to buy replacement bags.
not as costly as i had thought....especailly for the convienence of it all!!smell.
well, it really does do a good job with smells.
as we all know, as baby's diet changes, so does the smell of her diapers!
i'd say, i didn't smell a thing until 6-7 months old with the introduction of solids.
of course, i wouldn't want to think about how it'd be now without the dekor!
i did my research before buying a diaper pail, and in a comparision test of the top selling diaper pails, this one was the winner....especailly smell factor!
changing the bag smells, but any trash can would.
it keeps the odor in, the only thing is it has to be changed a lot.
the refills last forever, it is totally simple to use and it really does not smell.
we dump the diapers about once a week, and there is literally no smell within that time.
after using other diaper pails with my older kids, i highly recommend this one.
i bought this product based on the reviews i read about a year ago.
my daughter is now 11 months old and the entire room stinks whenever we have to dispose of a soiled diaper!
i have to change the bag every time she has a bm.
i finally gave up and and bought another diaper genie.
i had one with my first two children and it may be more of a hassle to use but i do not recall it omitting as much odor as the diaper dekor plus.
save your money, don't buy this product!
we love the design, but it doesn't contain the odors.
we use the biodegradeable bag refills in it...not sure if that has anything to do with the smell issue.
we love how easily you can change the bag whenever you want and how much you can stuff into it.
putting in the refill takes a second or two to figure out, but once you do it the first time it's really simple.
ok, this may have been a good pick 10 years ago - but there's no way it's the best now.features i like:- pedal operation: essential for hands full of dirt diapers- easy to switch out bag with self-contained bag cutter- neutral design- child lockdeal breakers:- does not contain the odors.
i know, i know.
i looked through all those reviews too that said that this one was the best.
i urge you to look at how old their baby was at the time of the review and how long they had been using it.
if the baby was newborn - forget it.
they don't know what a stinky diaper smells like.
the true test is once the baby is eating solids.
my little guy is 10 months old and our baby room smells like all those poo diapers - and i'm one of those pple that flushes solids down the toilet.
just imagine if i left it.
just imagine how bad it is when you change the bag.would i purchase again?
i'd hunt again, look at the date of the reviews and look for the highest reviewed product w/ the most current dates.
one thing i don't understand, why hasn't someone designed a stainless steel foot-pedal (hands free) diaper pail with and excellent seal and carbon filter?
?diaper dekor plus diaper disposal systemdiaper dekor plus diaper disposal systemdiaper dekor plus paildiaper dekor plus diaper paildiaper dekor disposable systemdiaper dekor plus diaper paildiaper dekor plus pail
pro:-simple design.
a knob next to top opening easily locks trap door-foot lever never malfunctioned-easy to reload plastic bag refills-contained the odors wellcon:-now that i have two kids, this diaper pail isn't that necessary-extra cost just to pay for expensive trash bag refills?
!-my toddler quickly figured out at 1.5 yrs old how to lock-unlock the trap door-not durable getting beat up by my 2 yr old daughterverdict:for your first-time ocd moms, you're probably going to buy this diaper pail regardless of my review.
this is a fantastic diaper pail, but its just that none of the specific-to-only-holding-ditry-diapers trash cans are not really useful in the long term (after the child is 1 yrs old).
a smarter long term solution for stinky diapers: buy a durable &#34;cloth diaper&#34; pail liner and a decent sized trashcan with a lid and foot lever.
the bigger the trashcan, the less often you dump the trash, the stinker those poopie diapers will infest the air.or.... just double plastic bag those poopie diapers and lug them to your kitchen trash can... thats what i do now (1st is 2.5 yrs old, 2nd is 14months old).
i was happy to find a diaper disposal system that worked well with cloth diapers.
it usually fills up just as i am ready to do diaper laundry, so it has a great capacity.
we used the disposable liners that came with it until i ran out, and then used the re-usable cloth liners that i purchased separately.
however, now that we've been using it for 6 months, i really love how function it is.pros:-no smell.
i empty this thing maybe once a week (sometimes longer if i'm lazy) and i never smell the dirty diapers.
we are into eating solids now, too ... and if you have a baby you know what i'm talking about.-easy to empty.
i love that i can just open the bottom, pull the bag out, cut it off, and the new bag is already loaded and waiting.
the bags also hold a lot of diapers.
i haven't counted, so i can't tell you exactly how many, but like i mentioned above, i only empty it once a week.-locking lid.
there's a lock on the lid to prevent little hands from getting into the trash.
the refills are pricier than some others, i'm sure, but they last forever.
i've only replaced the bag once and that was around 3-4 months.cons:-no indicator of when the bag refill is close to the end of the roll.
this is really my only complaint.
i think i read a review somewhere that suggested putting a pink line or some marker on the refill bags so you know when it's almost out.
it hasn't caused me any problems yet, but it would be helpful to know when i'm almost out of bag.-the lid sticks up sometimes, and doesn't close all the way.
i'm not sure if this is because it's sitting on plush carpet and not on a hard surface or what, but the lid doesn't always fully shut.
not a big deal because there's a second lid underneath that covers the diapers, but it's an annoyance.
i realize i'm being picky here, but i needed at least two cons, right?overall, this is a really great diaper pail.
i've recommended it to all my pregnant friends.
i think they were the first to come out with a diaper disposal system, since the name "diaper genie" is to diapers as xerox is to copiers.unfortunately, the diaper genie is a terribly designed product (this from an engineer).
it finally broke on us for good a couple of weeks ago.enter the diaper dekor...this thing is really honestly and truly hands-free.
i'm serious.
you drop the diaper in and you're finished.as emptying it, it's as simple as trying to knots.
trust me, it takes 30 seconds maximum to empty it.
we haven't had to load a new refill, since these refills last as long as 5 of the diaper genie refills.as for the great odor debate, we found it to be slightly less odiforous than the diaper genie.
let's face it - leave dirty diapers in a warm room for a week or more, and it will smell.there is one poor aspect to the diaper dekor - you'll read about it in every review...
the door that you open to empty it is not child resistant.
in reality, it is a child-magnet.i found a clean solution to the problem, but it is a shame we have to do this.
go to home depot, and buy a roll of the blue painter's masking tape.
it is in the paint section, and looke like a roll of masking tape, but it's blue.
the reason you want the blue stuff is that it can be pulled off and won't leave any sticky.you could also simply put the diaper dekor on a shelf, and use your hand to open the top lid before dropping in a diaper.either way, this gets 4 stars compared to the 0 star diaper genie.
the title says it all, this is absolutely the best diaper diposal system i have tried and i tried a few.
the best thing about it other than hardly any smell is the liners that come with last a long time, i did not have to buy refills until i had already used it for 6 months.
holds the smell well enough but nothing is going to cover it up perfectly, adding a bounce dryer sheet helps but the best thing to do is empty it when your trash comes every week.i love the fact that when emptying it you hardly smell anything because you open it from the from and can hurry up and cut and tie the bag before any smell but that comes with a price when your baby becomes older they can learn how to open the top and drop stuff in it but this didnt last that long with my son, he only did a few times.all and all i definately recommend.
i have been using this product for four months and i can smell it.
the reason i chose this garbage pail is because you can use whatever bags you like.
i use biodegradable bags as well as biodegradable diapers and when the bag is 1/2 to 3/4 full the whole room starts to smell.
now my sons' poop doesn't smell yet as he is an exclusively breast fed baby.
i just know from my experience that this diaper pail does not lock in odors and we now have to keep it outside of his room.
the diaper dekor plus has been pretty good for containing the smell of our baby's dirty diapers, but i'm skeptical of how it'll be once she's eating solid foods.
as others have mentioned, this is essentially a traditional step-action garbage can, with an additional door/flap to hold in the smell.
that flap helps a lot - it means that as the lid is opened, it isn't pulling "dirty" air up from the can's interior, so that definitely cuts down on the odor spread.the biggest issue we have with it, however, are the refills - they don't last the longest and they give no warning when they're about to run out.
if you're not careful, this could make for a baaaad day - the refills come as a long tube of bag which you pull down and tie on the bottom, cutting the top and retying it each time you want to empty the bin.
if you're lazy and don't pull the newly tied/clean/empty bag section down all the way, you might not realize that there are only a few inches left - which will cause the bag to fall to the bottom, open, when the contents get heavy enough.
that's bad on its own, but if unnoticed, you could easily fill the container, without the bag in place, and have a nasty, smelly surprise waiting for you.
it hasn't happened to us, but it came close.the fix would just to be to have some sort of warning/indicator to show when the refill roll is about to run out.
of course, if used as per the instructions, pulling the bag all the way down when changing it, you shouldn't have a problem.
doing so, however, is easy to overlook.
i have never, even at it's fullest, noticed a smell from it, and my husband has likened me to a bloodhound for my ridiculously sensitive sense of smell.
bear in mind though, that my son is not yet on solids, and his poop is still just glorified bile.
i will update this review in a few months when he has really stinky diapers.
the only time you will smell it is when you are tying up the bag when it's full, but that's when the whole system is open and you're smelling old poop from a couple of days ago.
we have used it for 3 months, about 8 or 9 diapers a day (since my son has an incredible knack of pooping before, during and after we change him) and we are only about half way through our second cartridge in total.
like other reviewers, i would say they could do with putting a red strip at the end of the refill to let you know you're about to need to put a new one in, but you'd always have your next one ready to go anyway.
the door latch isn't very strong, and so the door can open ajar when the bag is quite full and bulging, but again, you'd be changing it by that point anyway, and that would allow the door to close properly again.it's a good price.
the refills are not expensive, especially for how long they last.
i'd definitely get it again.edit: my son is now 7 months old and well and truly on solids with the stinky poop that goes with that.
the system is also 7 months old, but all the springs and latches seem as strong as they were to begin with.
sadly, there is a bit of an odor to this system now, and i tend to keep it out in the hallway instead of by the changing station in his room, just so the smell isn't enclosed in one small room all the time.
out there, i honestly don't smell it unless i'm right up close to it, and don't feel the need to hide it when we have guests over.i absolutely stand by my 4 stars.
my best advice is change the bag every 2-3 days, and clean with lysol once a week.still a satisfied customer!
i got this after reading reviews for several different diaper pails and i opted for this one since i didn't want to stick my hand in anything or twist things.
cons: the smell!
every time i throw a diaper in there, the 1 second it takes for the diaper to enter the compartment is enough to release a foul odor!
and this happens even though my little one doesn't poop much and has barely started on solids.
it does not, however, smell if the whole thing is closed and unused.
only smells when you toss a diaper in.also, if you want to throw away just a diaper wipe, you can't because the 'trap door' requires pressure (from the weight of a used diaper or your hand) in order to enter the trash compartment.
you gotta make sure your used diaper is wadded up tightly because that helps it break through the trap door (with light or barely used diapers, you'll have to probably use your hand to push it past the trap door.
i've had to do this several times).
i'm disappointed since this performs as well as a regular trash can with a foot-pedal operated lid, which is what we were using before.
this is one of the only diaper pails i have seen that would have a life beyond the baby stage.
we are now on the third month of life with our little boy and his diapers are getting pretty stinky and so is this diaper disposal pail.
once the diaper is in the pail, it is no longer stinky but when you drop the diaper in, the previous stinky diapers' smell wafts up and out of the pail and into the room.
yuck!
i guess there is really no full-proof way of avoiding smell.
i must say that it is quite nice looking and a much better choice than the diaper geenie (as i have experienced with my sister's kids).
also, the refills last forever and are pretty inexpensive!
the biggest problem with it is the smell that escapes from the diaper into the bin.
there is simply no way around this.
it might not be too bad while the bin is closed, but once the bag changing time comes, you'll be in for all of foul odor.
i use two and they help the odors coming from the bag into the container.
i would not use this diaper pail in any room other than a bathroom, where the smell can be captured and gotten rid off through ventilation.pros:- it is large so no frequent bag cycles are needed- offers flexibility of frequent or infrequent bag "changes" without wasting the plastic.- offers a very convenient foot pedal to open the lid- has an attractive look especially in many offered colors- does not require for the diaper to be pushed down - if the diaper is soiled enough and is heavy it will fall through by itselfcons:- because it is large and the diapers just fall through it is hard to judge how much diapers there are in there.
a lot of diapers in there mean there is a lot of smell, and the bag can be pretty heavy- mediocre at containing the odors coming from the diapers; especially evident when bag cycle times comes
we cloth diaper our baby and this diaper pail is by far the best out there for cloth diapers.
it holds about two days worth of diapers, just enough to wash every other day.
however, it's really nothing but a glorified step trash can.
we had to remove the trap door insert to get it to hold the two days worth of diapers.
otherwise it wouldn't last us until the next wash.
the trap door insert also doesn't really allow the diaper into the pail unless you push on it with your hand or your baby maxes out your diaper's capacity so that the diaper is super heavy.
i also wish it had some kind of external lock on the lid, so that my toddler couldn't get the outside lid up and get her hands all over the inside.
even with the trap door lock in place, she can still rub her hands all over the trap door and the inside lid and get germs on herself.the bags work well, but i feel like there's a lot of waste with having to tie a knot yourself.
once the bags supplied with it ran out, we just used a regular 13 gallon trash bag.
it works just fine and is much cheaper.we are currently expecting baby #2, but we just bought a regular step trash can from wal-mart for less than half of what the dekor costs.
it does a good job of containing the odors and accommodates a large number of diapers.
it's really neat and well thought through.
highly recommended product!
its very convinent and our twins are almost 20 months old and we still use it, they are late bloomers and are in the 27% for height and weight.
we also use it for our 8 week olds dirty diapers, yuck!pros-* nice and big, can hold many diapers* really is one handed, very cool and easy* no smells, not now and not ever!
* bag refils are inexpensive and last months* looks very cute with some decales on it lol* my sons have yet to figure out how to open it* we keep a deoderizer in it, keeps it fresh* very easy to change a bag and thats about the only time you get a whif, and we only change it about every 4 days or so* bags are sold at bru, target, and walmart, so they are easy to find* holds many diapers and pull-ups, my sons will soon be using them* you really only occasionally have to scrub it down with soap and watercons-*refils, it would be perfect if it didnt need special refils, but actually that just means, like another reviewer said, alot more garbage bags* it would be nice if the refils changed colors near the end, its funny when you realize there are no refils left, and you need them loli would recomend this over any others, all my friends got rid of thier champs and bought this, its the most expensive for a reason
i can't say enough about the diaper dekor plus system.
it truly holds as many diapers odor free as they say it does.
(each box of refills contains 3 bags, but they include one bag when you purchase the diaper dekor plus.)
at the rate we are going, we won't need to open another box of refills until close to his 6 month birthday.don't let the price tag worry you - it's well worth the price because there is absolutely no odor.
with two dogs in the house, we worried that the diaper can would become a hunting ground, but they haven't shown the least bit of interest.
the bag is a cinch to dispose of, and i love how you can cut it off at any point you want.
in the long run, the refills are much cheaper than the other brands and it's well worth the money to not have to waste your time on flimsy grocery-store bags - they simply can't contain the stink - find another use for them - line your other waste pails with them.
my husband and i love how it is one continuous trashbag and we feel like we don't waste any space since you are essentially making the size of the bag by yourself.
i definitely recommend this trashcan!
i couldn't be happier with this pail.
i researched pails all over the internet and i would have loved to purchase the $90 steel one but logic set in and i realized i could get this pail with 2 cloth liners for the same price!
the pail feels chinsy when i move it around but you can't really ask for much when you're buying plastic.
i put this in my room because he is still a newborn and that is where he sleeps.
we were using just a wet bag and my room went from smelling like dirty diapers (i could barely be in my room)to smelling like flowers :)overall, great product, no smell at all, works great with a wet bag!--so i've been using this for a week or so now and i have a better idea of how it works.
still no smell which is awesome!
my planet wise diaper bag fits perfectly but it is a little hard to get out once it is full, not to big of a deal for me.
also since i know this would have helped me when i was looking for a pail i did a diaper count.
this was the first diaper pail i wanted to get but we used cloth diapers for the first 8 months so i needed one that could be used wet or dry.
while i was using the champ there wasnt too much odor, of course i was washing diapers every other day so there wasnt much chance for odor to build up.
however once we stopped using cloth and switched to disposables the smell was awful!there are two problems with the champ, one is it's top heavy so it tips easily and two is it has a hole near the handle so odor is always seeping through.the diaper dekor plus solved both of those issues and more.
there are also no exposed holes to allow odor to escape.on the inside of the door on the bottom is a "cutting tool" that isnt exposed which you use to cut the bag and tie off.
all you do is step on the peddel and the lid pops up (just like a regular trash can) and you drop in your diaper.i will admit that when im being lazy and just try to cram "one more" diaper in the dekor that there is a small odor that escapes when im pushing that diaper in.
however it's nowhere near the same stench that the "champ" had.my daughter is now a year and i couldnt be more pleased.
i have had mine over a month and have yet to change the bag.
i was concerned that i would be spending a lot of money on the refills but so far that hasnt been the case.now my daughters room has no odor except her sweet smell.update: i have had this for two months now, i change the bag once a week and i still havent had to put in a new refill!
i bought the box about a month ago thinking it would be anyday but it still hasnt run out!
also the refills come in boxes of 3 so if one lasts at least two months then your looking at buying refills only twice a year!
we purchased two of these diaper pails in preparation for our son's arrival.
we love that there is a foot pedal for throwing the diaper in so you don't have to open the lid with your hand.
unless the diaper is really light, we can usually just throw the diaper in, and the inner flap will open with the weight of the diaper.
our 18-month-old son does lift the lid up sometime and opens the flap, but never tries to put his hands in.
the refills are easy to install, and the bags are pretty easy to tie off and change.
there is a built-in blade for cutting the bag when taking a full bag of diapers out.
we generally don't have any problems with odor, and we take the accumulated diapers out twice a week.
sometimes i'll notice an odor on the day that we will be taking the bag out, but other than that, i think it does a great job of keeping the odor in.
there needs to be an odor absorber in here because holy moly, this thing stinks.
i started putting poopy diapers directly in the trash outside and only use it for pee diapers.
i actually sprayed it down with lysol and left it outside for a day to air out but something about the plastic absorbs the odor and i can't seem to get rid of it.
this pail is not only good for disposable diapers but cloth diapers as well!
it's great that it doesn't require any special type of bag.
you can put in a regular trash bag if you want or you can buy their refill bags.
the only time i notice a smell is when i'm opening it up to throw in a diaper or to change the pail liner.i like this product so much that i recommend it to anyone i know who's having a baby whether they are using disposables or cloth diapers!
it's very easy to change the bags, the one step feature works as descibed however, the so called triple seal design does not complete odor control.
we can smell a poopie diaper after a few hours of discarding it in the system.
i read many reviews before deciding on this product for our cloth diapering household.
it's just too small especially if you use the bulkier aio or pocket diapers.
i'd say it holds just about a day's worth of diapers easily.
i plan to wash every other day and that's just too long for this pail and our diapers.another concern i have is the durability.
every day / every other day i have to put in a new cloth liner, and each time i am almost ready for one of the interior parts to break.
the "ring" inside and the mechanism that holds the liner just seems flimsy.
i hope i am wrong, but i won't be surprised if it breaks soon.+ attractive appearance+ pretty good smell managementif i were using disposables, i'd buy this again.
for cloth diapering, i wish i had purchased a larger pail.
we did alot of research on diaper pails and this one came out on top.
it's virtually odor free (though not always!)
i don't smell anything unless i toss a diaper in, i can tell it's made from good quality too.i like how the diapers pile up like a regular trash bag and not a sausage link which the diaper genie does.
it seems like because of that, you can fit more diapers in it.i am so glad i made this purchase, my hubby loves it, i love it, i highly recommend it!
it has been very useful and easy to use.
i have gotten a couple of unpleasant whiffs, but if you change the bag often, you'll have no problem.
to all the parents who gave this negative reviews because of the smell, i'd suggest buying a couple packs of the disposable powder scented bags and a container of febreze or the clorox disinfecting spray.
they work really well, especially on poopy diapers.
i have had no problems with this and would recommend this to any new mother.
i started out with the diaper dekor because i liked the look and simple diaper tossing but we soon moved it to the garage after the newborn days, when the really stinky diapers come.
when i finally got tired of taking every diaper out to the garage i tried the munchkin arm and hammer pail and a few months later it also seems to have absorbed the poop smell into the plastic and we have the same awful smell in our nursery.
between the two pails i think the munchkin is harder to use and it sounds like it is going to break when it starts getting full, i think i got more diapers into the dekor before having to change out the bags.
i think when i can justify the expense i will try the ubbi, at least it is stainless steel and it shouldn't absorb the poop smell the way the plastic pails do and another bonus is you can use plain trash bags!
poo stinks.
my daughter is 2-1/2 years old and we have been using the diaper dekor since she was born.
it was very easy to dispose of the diapers, just step on the pedal and drop it in.
i never had a problem with it smelling.
the only complaint i have is that now that my daughter is a toddler, she loves to lift the lid of the dekor and reach in to take out the dirty diapers.
i am now expecting another child.
i researched the other pails out there, and even though they are more toddler proof, i think i will stick with the dekor.
i can't imagine trying to wrestle with a diaper pail with two children.
i could not imagine using a different diaper pail in my house.
let me explain why i love this system the most:- foot lever to open the lid makes it easy to keep one hand on baby and drop the diaper in without a hassle.- lid to the diaper storage area takes minimal effort to push it down and drop the diaper in, but it is also lockable for when baby gets older and starts to "explore" their nursery.- top lid drops down securely and so you actually have two barriers between the bag of diapers and the air of the nursery so i've never smelled anything.- inside there's the never-ending stream of plastic which serves as the diaper bag and i have found this to be so effective, when it comes time to change the bag i can compress the diapers and cut the plastic using the inside cutter to maximize the bag use.
(see note below for comment on bags)- stylish design makes it very un-obtrusive in the nursery.
it didn't come covered in bright colored, garish stickers and advertisements.
i was able to take it out of the box and immediately start using it.
it also came pre-loaded with diapers!- compared to the diaper genie which you have to press the diapers through a tight seal (and diapers can thus explode all over you) this is so much better and easier to use.
i've had friends (and especially friends' husbands) complain about the diaper genie because of the issue of having to press the diapers through a seal.side note: i highly recommend using the original refillsdiaper dekor plus refills 2 packbecause they do a lot to help with the odor control.
mine broke the first week i had it.
(one of the inner flap's spring broke.)
it does not contain odors very well.however, i do like the foot pedal for opening and it does hold a lot of diapers.
i feel like i would have been better off with a regular trash can with a lid though.
i was looking for a pale that would keep the smell of our biodegradable gdiapers at bay and when i saw the biodegradable refills for this, i decided to try it.
before, i was emptying a lidded garbage can each day and now i only have to do it about once a week.
i keep a box of baking soda in the bottom to absorb some of the odor as well.
it really seems to help.the major selling points for me were:1.
biodegradable refills2.
double barrier lid (flip-up lid and then another trap door type lid)3.
lockable lid (there is a knob that turns to lock the trap door so toddlers can't throw in random items you have to fish out...yuck!)4.
it's easy to use, keeps the odor down and will actually save me money in the long run, since i don't have to buy a ton of biodegradable garbage bags that need replacing each day.
we have enjoyed the use of this product for our son.
the foot pedal is the main reason we chose this product.
we have had no issues with odor.
the fact that you can choose how much of the bag to tie up makes it user friendly and saves money.
in the nursery, it looks like just a waste basket instead of a "poop disposal unit" as my husband calls it.
i can't say enough about how easy it is to change the refills and empty the bags.
the double doors are easy to push the diaper through and keeps your hands and the unit clean.
do yourself a favor and give this one a try, you won't regret it!
we have twins thus, two bins and the rooms that the bins are in stink!
i am replacing them.
for the first year there really wasn't any oder at all.
but as she got older and the "stuff" got stronger, we tend to get a wiff when you walk by now and then (that just tells us that it's time to change the bag, and most times it's pretty full before you start to notice the smell, so it pretty much needs changed anyway)  as long as you change the bags when it's time for the weekly garbage pickup you should be fine.
getting a fresh bag is quick and easy to do.
i do highly recommend this.
the only downfall is that i haven't seen the refills at the local walmart or target and the nearest babies r us is 45 minutes away so we order them online.
but the bags last a long time.
despite the lack of availability of the refills i would buy this product again.
well worth the money.
we've been using this for two and a half years now and with two kids.
we really like the system of tying off the bag whenever you want to, whether it's 3 diapers or a dozen.
the only time i smell anything is when it's pretty full and i open the top to put a diaper in, or on those rare occasions where it's super full and we haven't emptied it in a while.
i am very happy with this product.
i don't notice any smell and i have a sensitive sniffer.
it's very easy to use.
the only improvement i could think of is if they designed it so the inside flaps open too when you press down on the foot pedal that opens the lid.
this would be good because when it starts to get about half way full you have to push the diaper in rather than just drop it in.
that, or, if they made it taller the inner flaps would have more space to go down.
i waited a long time before writing this review because i wanted to put this thing through its paces both with a newborn and with an infant eating solids.i have to say that i couldn't be more pleased.
its extremely easy to use (hands free) and the liners last a long time and are very easy to put in.
my son is 6 months old and we've used the liner that came with product, plus two more.
thats with me being lazy and not wrapping the diapers tight and also putting regular trash into it.
we can get anywhere from 15-30 diapers in it before it needs to be emptied, depending on how tight i roll the dirty diapers.we've not had a smell issue, even though this kid can really make some stinky ones!
we went on vacation for 2 weeks and forgot to empty it before we left.
i thought for sure it would be dreadful, but nothing... no smell at all.i've tried just about every other diaper pail out there... between my mil daycare, stores and friends.
i would still stick with this one, for sure.
i used to use a regular can for wet diapers, and the genie for the poopy diapers, and it worked fine -until my baby was old enough to start messing with the trash can.
at that point, i needed a locked pail, and bought this for wet diapers only.
it worked great for that purpose.
then my second baby was born and i started using it for all of the young babies diapers.
again, not too bad, but no it does not work as well as the genie.
however, the big "pro" to this pail is that you do not have to buy the refills.
i actually did buy the refills a couple of times, but came to hate them because when they run out they wouldn't always obviously "stop" like the genie and on more than one occasion i went to empty the pail to find a collapsed bag with a bunch of loose dirty diapers inside.
boy did that make me mad.
now, i simply use cheap 13 gallon kitchen size trash bags (or medium size would work also i believe) and it's very easy to fit them in this pail...tuck it around the top ridge and it won't collapse and it's cheaper than using genie replacements (it holds more than a genie too).in summary, if you buy one pail only, the genie is still the best, you just have to suck up the cost of refills.
this makes a great secondary pail for wet diapers.
i might also buy a second of this pail to keep downstairs for the few diapers we change down there, and to ensure the dogs don't get in the trash which happened a time or two.
it might have been my own fault, i ready some really great reviews on this product so i thought i would love it, but it was not that great.
i like the fact that you can size your own trash bags but other than that it is just a fancy kitchen trash can.
the foot pedal that opens the lid is awesome and it's easy to push the diaper into the pail, making disposal of a messy diaper very easy.
however, it releases odors when you open the lid to dispose the diaper, and the flap broke already.
i have only had this for 6 months.
nonetheless, it is way better than most other diaper pails, so i guess it will have to do.
the dekor is in my daughters bedroom and is completely odor free.
the genie is also working and odor free however the genie is a pain to use.
the dekor is just a step and go system, the genie has the lid, the twisting and re sealing ;at 3am this is a total pain!
to change the liner is also much easier with the dekor.
i would suggest this to everyone.
since i'm a stay at home mom just about all the poops go in here but you can never tell there's a poop in the tiny room because it keeps the smell in so well!
just hold your breath when you go to throw another in and do it fast!
when my husband takes the trash out at night he apologizes to me for having to deal with that smell.
i let him think that i dealt with that smell all day but really my baby's room is always clean and fresh smelling!
just a tip: if you have small rooms or just don't want any bad smell in the room, take the pail else where or even outside to tie off the bag.
my mom found that one somewhat difficult to get the hang of... making sure the diaper went through the inner flaps.
so, when that broke after 2+ years, we got this with baby 2.
the dekor is much more attractive.
it is easier to use, however it is much more smelly.
though it golds a good number of diapers, you really can't let them sit in there for more than a day.
i purchased this product just before my son was born, and saw it merely as a minor convenience item.
i had no strong feelings about it.
5 months later, however, i love this product.
we're even buying a second one to keep in our playroom.if i had to come up with a criticism, it would be that in order to get the full storage benefit (since it has an oblong shape) every once in a while you have to jiggle the whole can back and forth to make sure the diapers are distributed evenly and not just piling up in the middle.
other than that, i think it's perfect.
the doors keep falling off, it fills up fast.
my daughter who's into everything have learned how to open the top and remove all the diapers.
she know that the door doesn't close and falls apart, so she's always where the plastic bag is.
we had to put kidco locks on the top to keep the top from opening and another lock on the door, because when we would open it, it would come out of it's holders.
sure this is a nice pail to keep after the diapers are gone.
but, when it has some stinky diapers in it, it stinks and so does her room.
i use it with the re-usable cloth diapering dekor bags and it has been wonderful.if you haven't already added it to your baby registry.... do it!
i have used different diaper disposal systems at friend's houses.
the only one i have no experience with is the diaper champ.
i have mine full to the brim and so far have not detected any odors and i am not hard of smelling.
i feel that if a diaper system smells then there is no point in purchasing one.
you could just buy a cheap rubbermaid trashcan instead.
we are going to buy another one for the upper floor.
it contains odor really well (i realize breasted newborns don't stink).
it is really easy to use, you only need one hand which is necessary.
my baby is 8 months old and we've had this since she bas born.
the refills last a long time, it looks nice in the nursery and it doesn't smell.
i would recommend this to anyone.
when i went shopping for a diaper pail, i did my research because i did not want a pail that was complicated or smelly.
in the months that we have had it, we have never had a problem with smell.
it fits many diapers as well--i find that we have to change it only once every 4-5 days.
the refill pack comes with three refills and each refill lasts us about 2 months.
there is no complicated stuffing and twisting like there is with the other diaper pails (that i have heard from friends do not work as well with keeping smell out of the nursery--ie.
diaper champ and diaper genie).
using it is as simple as pressing the foot pedal and dropping in the diaper.
i do have to admit that when the pail gets a little full, we tend to pack the diapers down so that the bags will last longer, but i have never had a problem with getting anything on my hands.
the only issue i have with this is that i have it on carpet, and it can be difficult to use the foot pedal because of this (wants to sink into the carpet).
but all i do is simply lift up the lid and drop the diaper in--no problems!
it is very nice looking as well--does not look like a diaper pail, so it could be used as a garbage can in the future (the top diaper drop part comes out so that it can be used for just this reason).
the refills are also very easy to use--just open the lid, drop one in, and pull the bag down and tie a knot.
i would recommend this diaper pail to anyone!
i use a cloth diaper service, they pick up and drop off once a week.
when i got the diaper dekor plus i assumed that it would be big enough to hold a weeks worth of dirty diapers, i only get maybe about two days before they have to start being 'shoved' in... which is just icky, seriously.
if you are using disposables and don't mind taking your diapers out to the trash every few days, you'll love this... however, if you going through a service, or just don't want to go out to the trash every few days look into a larger capacity diaper pail.
for the price, you would think that it would seal each diaper individually.
the less expense models (even the wal-mart brand) will.
we chose in the end to just have a small garbage can in our daughter's room and a natural scent deodorizer in the bottom.
the bag gets emptied daily and there are no smells of diapers in her room.
yes, it comes with starter bags... if i remember right, the first starter, bag lasted about 6 weeks - i cant remember if it had one or 2 refills with it when we bought it, sorry.
and, this is a great pail to use for something else when you are finished using it for diapers...
i plan to use it in my master bath room when i'm done with diapers...
no odor, no mess, and very very easy to change the bag.
just one snip with the siccors and tie 2 nots (one in the top of the used portion - and one to close off the new portion) ---- that's it!!
since there is no loud popping noise of opening a new bag (you just pull the next portion down) my baby sleeps right through it!!!
this was the third diaper pail i have purchased in a little over a year.
i have to say, i think that it is my favorite so far.
both of the others i had purchased were not worth the money... they were either not easily cleaned, or did not block enough of the smell!
i like that there is a lever on the bottom you can step on so you dont even have to touch anything if you don't want to.
it is also nice because there is really no chance of making a mess, the top opens and goes right into the bag.
the refills last forever... and i also feel like these bags take a while to fill up.
you can cram a lot in there until it's time to cut off the bag and tie it up.
i would definitely recommend this over the rest of the pails!
i like the dekor so much better because of the foot pedal for disposal (my son is super squirmy and i need both hands for him!)
and changing the bags is simple--just open the front door, cut the top of the bag with the built in safety cutting device, knot the bag, and pull down the plastic for the next bag.
the refills are expensive, but they last a long time, especially if you "wrap" the diapers up and secure them well with the tabs to save space.
i would have no hesitation recommending this for anyone!
i had actually registered for the diaper genie, and was dissapointed when i got this one.
after knowing many moms who have the genie, i am so happy someone purchased me this one instead!
my 4 month olds diapers dont stink too much yet, but this pail will handle the job!
honestly, i think i onlyo had a stinky nursery when i over stuffed the bags, didnt clean the pail, and didnt keep deoderant circles in it.
i find it unnessesary to "dump" the "#2" into the toilet first, this pail handles the job as it is.
i just bought refils a few days ago, my other ones i had since my second son came home from the hospital, four months ago!
my 2 1/2 year old can not figure out how to open this though (thank goodness!)
this tackels all odors and refils really arent that expensive.
i love it, and my house guests are amazed that i actually change diapers in my house, not one whiff!
i was pretty excited when i ordered this diaper can, it seemed like a good concept, and i didn't want to do a diaper genie.
it is a good idea, unfortunately it doesn't play out as well in reality.
the plastic has absorbed the odors of dirty and wet diapers, so now, even when it is empty it smells....bad.
it left my daughter's room with a dirty diaper smell.
in order to attempt to solve this issue without getting rid of it i have scrubbed the empty can down with bleach and odor eliminator, have sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the new bag and have bought arm and hammer diaper trash bags to tie each individual dirty dirty diaper in before throwing away in the dekor.
i get mad every time i have to use diaper champ.
the dekor has a foot pedal which is awesome!
when it is full you can still set a diaper on the opening and it will fall in when you change the bag.
champ will not even open if it is full so now you are struggling with dirty diaper in hand and loose baby.
it is very subpar.
with dekor you just step on the foot pedal and drop the diaper in or set on top if full.
it is so much better.
you can also choke off the bag when changing to not get the full smell whereas diaper champ you have to lean over the stinky bag.
i love diaper dekor plus, replacing my mothers champ with a dekor now...
our oldest is 3, and this diaper pail has been doing its job, right next to my bed that entire time (now containing the stinky diapers from our younger son for the past 19 months).in light of the 600 other reviews for this product, i'll boil it down to these four points:(1) it really does contain smell, despite its simplicity.
i have a very sensitive nose, and the only time i catch the odor from within is if i purposely hold the two flap doors open and take a whiff, or when i'm changing the bag and compacting the full one with my knee to squeeze all the air out (definitely an outside task -- stinky!).
i shopped around for a repair kit and came up empty, so emailed the company.
they quickly -- and gratis -- sent out a replacement flapper door that easily snapped into place.
problem solved.
(4) it's pretty durable.
our oldest regularly climbs and sits on this -- says it's his rocket.
he hasn't managed to break anything, despite it being very conventional construction (i.e.
lightweight, not overbuilt, though i hesitate to call it flimsy).
we love it!you only need one hand to throw the soiled diaper away.
but they last such a long time that it is very worth it!
my daughter is 1 year old now and we've only had to buy maybe 4 refills so far.
i'd say that is very good!the diaper dekor does not allow any odor to stink up my daughter's room.
unless you leave dirty ones in there for a few days.
i would recommend this pail to anyone.
this is a must have!!!!
we had a diaper genie with our other children and i must say that the diaper dekor is a much better product.
it's easier to put diapers in, easier to change the refill and easier to dispose of the used diapers.
we like it much better.
there is no fiddling around with spinning the top like the diaper genie.
you just step on the foot pedal to open the top and drop in the diaper.
it also controls the odor very well.
our 11 year-old handles taking out the trash and he has not had any problem with the handling the diaper dekor.
we would definitely recommend this product and plan to buy it as a gift for our expecting friends.
it looks and works like a regular trash can - just step on the foot pedal and drop the diaper in.
no twisting or other fancy maneuvers necessary.
the refills are very simple to replace and when it's time to empty the pail, all you do is cut the bag, tie a knot and you're done!
although it is small, it holds a ton of diapers -- so far we only have to empty it about once a week.
the refills are a little pricey, but a 3-pack lasts several months.
this diaper pail was great when my daughter was a newborn and her diapers didn't have much odor.
now that she is older i have realized the (1) it doesn't hold that many diapers and (2) it does not contain the smell at all!!!!!!
look elsewhere for a diaper pail
this diaper pail is great because it can hold a lot of diapers and has a great little flap that keeps the diaper smell trapped away.
i totally recommend this product.
love the continuous bag that reduces waste and gives us control over when to empty.
got it right on my first try.
if you are a new mom trying to figure out what diaper pale to get, look no further.
this one will serve you well!
it's easy to use, looks good, and mostly keeps the stinky diaper smell out of the nursery.
i mean, you have a bag full of poopy diapers....i think no matter what trashcan you use some stink is going to get out.
but i love that with the dekor bags you can just cut it off wherever you want and toss it in the trash without feeling like you're wasting a bag.
one thing that could be made better, though, is to have the lid swing all the way open when you're changing the bag cartridge out.
i have only been using this diaper pail for 7 weeks, and i hate it.
i have two boys in diapers - one about to turn 2, the other 7 weeks old.
when it gets more than half full, the top won't close, letting out all the poop odors.
because the second inner door flap goes inwards, it prevents you from being able to fill a bag completely because it runs into the diapers.
this also causes that inner door flap to get a little gross.
the pail is insanely expensive, as are the refills.
i have started using my own bags, but they are a pain to put in and take out.
i really expected more and am very disappointed!
i'm glad this was a gift - i won't feel too bad when i toss it!
this really does keep all the smell in.
i only take this out once it is full, and you can't smell it in her nursery at all.
i did read several reviews that the biodegratable ones aren't quite as good, so i have only used the original ones
we have had this for 7 1/2 months and are just now using the last bag in our first refill pack.
no issues with odor or use.
it's easier than diaper genie and you don't have to touch it to throw away a diaper, because there's a foot pedal.
we really liked this pail at first.
our baby was on breast milk, so not knowing the odor containing abilities (or lack thereof), i thought it was pretty nifty.
i liked the concept of just slicing the bottom of the stretch of plastic bag where we needed and then knotting the opening to form a bottom again.
sometimes poop would get on the flippy opening, but not too much trouble to wipe it.
it looks nice, and there was no smell for the first few months.
now that we are feeding him more toddler-ish foods, it's starting to really smell after we put a couple of poopy diapers in it.
it's getting to where i can't wait until trash day.
but from what i've read on most of them, none of them contain odor too well once the poop isn't little baby poop any longer.
anyway, i'm thinking we're going to just get a tiny close-lid trash can and take the poopy diapers out at the end of every day in a plastic grocery bag.
we have a ton of those and they're free, soooo... that's my plan.
neat concept, but not really worth the money as far as i can tell.
my toddler is just over 2 years old and i've been using this pail since he was born.
even with that, we never, ever have had the house - or his room - smelling like used diapers.
even when the pail is completely full.
the only time i smell that is when changing the bag (so it's wide open) or if it's overfull and one of the diapers is holding open those inner flaps.
no smells.
and yes, this is a child who is home with me all day (so, unlike another reviewer said, no, the lack of smell is not because his diapers are going in a daycare's pail!
), and, like i said, he is over 2 now so his poop has gotten - um - fragrant.
until he's toilet trained i will continue to use this and i would absolutely use it with another baby.
), and as someone else said, it'd be great to have some marking toward the end of the refill so you know when it's nearly done.
very minor complaints, though, and certainly wouldn't keep me from using it again, and didn't keep me from giving it 5 stars.
i picked this off the reviews and i am not disappointed!
i love this pail...
there is not stink, it is super easy to use when you are half awake, and emptying it is easy as pie.
this thing works!
keeps the smell inside, super convenient, easy to clean out and replace the bags.
i'm very glad we got this, i don't know what would we do without it.
(those diapers are quite smelly, believe it or not!
=)
plus:1.
the foot pedal works great and the cutting edge for the bags is really convenient.2.
good odor control.3.
liners really do last a long time, making them less expensive than they seem at first- definitely cheaper than the genie's.
he hasn't even made a move for it, which says something impressive about its odor control.5.
holds a lot of diapers- we empty about every 5 days.minus:1.
it's nearly impossible to find the refill liners in stores (i've seen them once at baby depot, never at brs, target, walmart, or anywhere else) so they need to be ordered ahead of time, which means we always have to pay shipping for them as well.2.
a minor point, but it is hard to tell when the liner is about to run out.
so long as you've ordered extras ahead of time, this isn't a big deal, but if you haven't, you're in trouble for a couple of days.
don't fall for the diaper genie hype.
this is an excellent product - it doesn't waste plastic by wrapping individual diapers and it still smells great.
our daughter can be "stinky" at times but we've never had a problem with smell.
replacing the bag is simple and the in-door cutter is so helpful.
having never used another diaper pail before, i can't compare this product to those.
i find it easy to use, contains odors, is easy to empty and refill, and looks fairly modern yet not an eyesore.
it also seems to hold a fair number of diapers.
we only have to empty it about once a week or even less, but we also tend to stuff it to the very top!
sometimes i have noticed an odor when i go to put another diaper in, but that is almost always because it's too full and i'm literally shoving another one in there, therefore allowing time for odors to escape!
when it's closed up, no odors.
it never stinks.
i don't know how it holds in the smell of my boys diapers, but it does.
i think i cram a good 40 diapers in that thing too to before i empty it out.
it holds many more diapers than the average diaper can/disposal system.
i only change it every week and a half to two weeks.
it took me about 90 days to use up my first refill.
i like the fact that i can buy refills online and they come in the mail.i buy the refill packs of three.
my boy is 4 months old now and we are only on the beginning of the second refill.
oops!
had to exchange them.
when i babysat 10+ years ago in junior high i always got confused with the diaper genie, but this is so simple and easy to use.
i did find that this was about $10-$15 overpriced on amazon compared to babies'r'us and buy buy baby.
this product has held up well in the 8 months we've used it and keeps the room from not smelling.
i did a lot of research and decided to register for the diaper dekkor+  it is a wonderful product.
we have the diaper dekkor next to our daughter's changing table in the nursery and we have not had any problems with odors.
i love the one handed easiness of the product and the bags are simple to change.
i only have gripe, and that is you do not know when the bags are coming to an end.
i found that the claims diaper dekor makes are true.
it is very easy to dispose of the bag when it is full and there is no diaper odor in my daughter's nursery.
so nice to find a product that delivers on its claims.
basically all of these diaper pails don't really contain the smell all that great but regardless, we've changed the bags constantly sometimes twice a day but the nice part of these type of bags is you cut them off wherever you want to so you aren't wasting an entire bag.
we keep this in the bathroom because after a while it stinks - we are on our second one - the first lasted us a year and then it smelled so bad even after being cleaned extensively many, many, many times we just threw it out and bought another one.
p.s.
here is a tip: buy a stick up air freshener and stick it inside the diaper pail (on the wall of the pail where the diapers go) this won't completely alleviate the smell but it will help and also spray it frequently with lysol.
a smaller, spring loaded interior lid keeps the diapers out of sight.
when you want to toss your diapers, you open the front side of the unit, cinch the bag at the top, and cut it on the safety blade inside.
you then tie a knot on the bag you just cut, and another to start a new bag, and you're done.
this feature seems a little gimmicky.
you could easily have a bag dispenser inside with individually cut bags, the way they do produce bags at the supermarket, so you wouldn't have to cut and tie each time.
the dekor doesn't do a great job eliminating odors, and that's starting to become a problem.
who wants their nursery to smell like poop?
and since they're bigger now, the dekor also doesn't hold as many diapers as it used to.
so instead of using the dekor, we've been using our regular trash cans instead and emptying them out more often.from what i've read, it seems like the diaper genie does a better job eliminating odors.
if i had the chance to do it all over again, i think i'd try one of those instead.
i read a few other reviews and would like to comment based on them.our son will be 5 months old this week.
he was exclusively breastfed, then had formula added to his diet, and now also eats jarred foods.
the liner sets in the top of the pail and you pull it through to the bottom and make a knot in the bottom.
to dispose of the diapers, you just step on a pedal.
the top lifts up, you drop the diaper, and it falls through the "flaps."
when it's full, you open the door on the front and cut the liner off (there is a liner-cutter in the door).
you are totally in control of how much liner you use and therefore don't have to waste or have a huge portion of liner that is unfilled.
then you just tie a new knot and pull the liner down to fill the pail, and you're ready to start again!
the system comes with one liner refill, and refills are sold 3 to a pack (i see them all the time at my babies 'r' us, and my babies 'r' us almost never has anything in stock!).
we had bought 2 packs of refills when we got the system, and i seriously wonder if we will ever need to purchase another one...or if we'll even use all of what we bought!one reviewer stated that the system should tell you when the bag is about to run out because you could be tossing your diaper into the pail w/out a liner.
i'm really not sure how that would ever happen, as you are the one who has to open the side of the pail to remove the full bag and pull down the new liner.
if you go to pull down the liner and it you hit the end of the refill...well, it's like saying you don't know when your paper towel roll comes to an end.
you pull and there is no more.someone also commented on the flaps, and how the diapers don't fall through.
i disagree with that.
regardless of my son's age, as long as he urinated more than once in his diaper and there was any kind of weight to it at all, it would fall through.
only if it was completely dry would it not fall through.
and even then, if you just take your foot off the pedal and let the top fall down, it would push it through anyway.
the one area i do agree with that person in, though, is that when the pail starts filling up, if you really want to maximize the liner and not change it right away, you do have to push down on the top diaper to get it to go down far enough for the flaps to close again.
but i have never touched another dirty diaper doing this, and i think that it's still worth not having to reach down and lift and push and twist, like you do with the diaper genie.there were also comments on refilling the liner.
no, it is not as simple as dropping a bag in, like you would a regular trash can.
there is a drawing that shows you how to do it, and once it's done, you won't be doing it again for months.
also, when you change the liner, it is so easy to take the top pieces apart to clean them.
i think it's very easy to keep this system clean & sanitary.all that said, if you're looking for the easiest possible route to dispose of dirty diapers, use your regular garbabe can and take the trash out frequently!
if you're looking for a disposal system so you don't have to worry about constantly getting dirty diapers out of your house, i'd really have to say this one is the way to go!
i used the diaper dekor 8 yrs ago with my first daughter and purchased it again with my new little girl and it's just gotten better.
they've made improvements to make it easier to use and very clean.
keeps the mess and the smell where it belongs.
after reading dozens of reviews on other diaper pails and checking them out at the stores, we decided on the diaper dekor plus for when our son was born.
we have not been disappointed yet.
the refill that came with the pail lasted until my son was almost three months old.
there is no twisting or flipping involved (nice for arthritic users).
you just step on the toe-button or lift the lid by hand and drop in the diaper.
the only time we have any smell is when the bag is full and ready to come out.
since my son has been in daycare, we only have to change the bag out about every 6 days, and it's only at that 5th or 6th day that there is a slight smell.
at the suggestion of another reviewer, i put a stick-on air-freshener to help with that.the one time i had to replace the refill was easy.
to change out a bag is easy, too:  just knot the bag, cut it with the cutter, and knot the bottom.
the only slight thing i noticed is that we cannot use the foot mechanism (toe-button) to open the lid in our son's room due to the carpeting (which has a high pile).
it worked fine on less "fluffy" carpeting and on hard flooring, and this was not a large issue for us.
we were much more interested in the limited number of times we need to replace the refill and the stink factor.one other thing i really like about this is now that my son is getting taller (longer), it's hard to have the poopie diaper sit on the changing table with him while still continuing to clean without him kicking a foot into it (since you want to wrap up the poopie wipes in with the diaper), so i've begun setting the diaper on the top of the lid while i finish cleaning and re-diapering my son.
then i grab the diaper off the pail, wrap it up with all the used wipes, and toss it in.
i wouldn't be able to set the diaper there with most other diaper pails.
i had some personal recommendations on the diaper dekor, i read the reviews and decided to get it.
it has a foot pedal to open the lid and you can drop the diaper through the trap doors.
the pedal does not work exceptionally well on plush carpet because there is little firm support underneath it, but it's good enough.
also, if you have a dirty diaper, the mess could get on the trap doors if that part of the diaper hits them.
when full, the pail is very easy to empty.
open the bottom compartment, pull out the plastic tube/bag with the dirty diapers, cut it and throw it away.
then pull the tube/bag down, tie a new knot in it and the pail is ready to fill again.
the refill bags last a long time.
there is no way of knowing when a refill bag is near the end though, so you may not be left with enough to hold the diapers and the dirty diapers may be loose in the pail.
this has happened to me a couple of times and it's not a big deal to clean up.
it would be nice if the plastic had a red stripe toward the end of it like cash register receipt papaer does, so you'd know when it's about out.this diaper pail does not do anything fancy with the diaper, such as roll it up into a sausage, but you can roll it up if you want to save space and fit more diapers in the pail.
when your child is eating solids though, you will probably want to empty the pail daily.
each time you open the lid to put a new dirty diaper in, the smell of the previously discarded diapers wafts into the room.
i also got some diaper pail deodorizers from babies r us that seem to help mask the smell.
i am dumbfounded.
all of them love this toy.
my older twins enjoy making him a "baby".
they could do this with almost anytoy, but the adore pupsqueak.
that said i have 2 others wich i gave to my boys.
they loovvvee him too!
i was amazed.
i dont know if its just because hes a dog, (their lovey toys are a black and white dog and a brown and white dog, and they love our boxer and golden retriever mix) or maybe its just because pupsqueak rocks!
they love it when i attatch him to their carseats, they just got "big boy" carseats and pupsqeak of course had to make the transition too!
a few weeks ago we went on a 8 hour car ride, i know that my youngest twins stayed quite mostly because they were soooo comfy in their marathons, and because they had... pupsqueak!
they had the option to play with other lamaze toys, which they loved but those just dont compare to pupsqueak.
they even like him in the crib and in the stroller, a versitile little toy.
and a toy that for 12 bucks will last three years, wow talk about getting a bargin!
pupsquek is definatly number one for my little boys!
the soft plush, the bright colors, that cute bark, the squeak, the rattle, those crinkly ears--what's not to love?
he loves to chew on the attached bone and squeeze it to make the crinkle sound.like all lamaze toys, it's well designed and well made.
it even has a handy clip on top of the head to attach it to your carrier, bouncy seat or diaper bag.the only negative is it must be spot cleaned; my baby drools all over it, so when i wash it, it's out of commission until it dries completely, which is usually the next day.
but that's the same with all soft toys that can't be machine washed, so it's not a serious drawback.
our 4 week old son loves this toy!!!
i give this toy 5 stars!!!
next to br max the monkey (also by lamaze) and zach's "lovey", pupsqueak is his favorite toy.
zach is four months old and really really loves pupsqueak.
if we make pupsqueak squeak, zach goes into hysterics, and my 20 month old twins join in!
pups is also great for teathing, once zach really starts getting those teeth in!
pups attatches well to almost anything, but my boistrus ball of fire gets so angrey and fustrated if we tether him to anything, he likes to hold him.
i dont know what it is about lamaze toys but they sure do put alot of thought into them to make them so gosh darn cute and interesting!
this toy is very sturdy and easy to clean.
the only downer is that the recorded barking noise that plays when you press its nose is a little loud, and can sometimes jolt/scare a baby.
we've never been disappointed with any of the lamaze line of soft toys and pupsqueak is no exception.
when i first saw this toy i thought it looked busy and a little annoying but when i hung it above my 2 month old son's changing table he loved it.
he smiles and "talks" to it, and he is just starting to bat at it and he is rewarded with jingle bells even when he barely hits it.
it was the first toy he likes, we call him puppy.
good qualities:- it is brightly colored,- each paw has a different sound/texture (rattle, crinkle, etc) -- when you press in the nose, the dog makes a barking noise that entertains babynot so good qualities:- most rattle type snap on toys have a ring on top that "locks" together so that you can snap the toy onto a toybar, stroller, etc.
this toy has a ring on top but the ends don't snap together- it is surface washable only.
you're not supposed to throw this in the washing machine (although some reviewers have indicated that it does wash ok)is it cute?
is it durable?
seems to be (we have only had it 4 months).
is it worth $12?
i found one in carters for half the price that barks when you squeeze the paw, has the snap on ring and when you pull the rope it hangs from the toy even vibrates - a much better deal.so, over all i would say, continue looking and you'll find a similar product at a better price.
right around the age of three months, my daughter started to really become interested in the things around her, and pupsqueak was no exception!
she absolutely loves this toy and we take it everywhere we go.
a great toy to teach your child grasping!
my three month old daughter loves this toy.
the barking sound that the dog makes is a sound catcher.
we'd clip it on his crib bars, on his gymini, and on his stroller!
:)
i have two faves and i alternate between the two for various reasons.
writing the same review for both.favesphilips avent disposable nursing padspros:- softer than lansinoh- works really well when nipples are very tender and drying out makes it worse- regardless of what cream/balm i used, sore nipples / cracks / splits / healing wounds do not stick (only occasionally)cons:- they are a little bulkier than lansinoh so they may show through some bras- when i was in the leaking stage (or when i go a little too long between my night and morning pumping session) i have occasionally leaked through the padlansinoh disposable nursing padspros:- thinner and larger in diameter than avent- keeps nipples drier- i don't think that i have ever leaked throughcons:- not as soft as advent- sore nipples / cracks / splits / healing wounds stick to pad and sometimes tear off scabs (sorry this sounds so gross, but it happens)i usually use avent when my nipples are in bad shape (seems to go in cycles) because they are softer and my wounds don't stick and then switch to lansinoh when they are healing and need to dry out.
i loved the avent nursing pads when they used to be made in switzerland.
i looked on the box and they are now made in china.
i prefer the johnson's and johnson's brand.
not much more expensive than any other brands.
i love avent products but they weren't thinking when they made these.
they are way too small and way too thick.
feels like a maxi pad.
i have tried several types of pads and these are the worst!
they are very small, thick, and do not hold much, causing them to overflow and leak.
i'd recommend the gerber pads.
if i didn't know better i would think breast feeding has disfigured her breasts :-(.
i think due to the fact that they are thicker they don't fit to form so you see the entire (flat) outline through clothes.
also, the adhesive strip that is meant to keep it in place...there is a single strip measuring about 15*30mm...hardly enough to do justice-esp when you have to move n replace 'em to allow for feeding.all in all-though we kept them-for the extra leaky days- i definitely wont buy another set.
i am continuing to nurse my baby at 17 months and have found these pads incredibly useful and comfortable.pros - very comfortable, easy to insert, not too fat and therefore are less visible under clothing than other brands.
they prevented leakage very well in the first few weeks after my baby was born and now continue to provide comfort and reassurance!cons - they don't stick very well - but better than other brands that i have tried.
i particularly have a problem at night as they really don't stick at all to my sports bra but at least they are still in the bra by morning whereas other pads disappeared completely.
they also fall apart after about 20 hours if you forget to change them - then you do have to watch out as the sticky bit tends to turn into little sticky bits which can get stuck to your breast and therefore into your baby!
also the cotton padding will just start to leak and shed.overall - i have been and continue to be very happy with these but as with all pads, you have to change them regularly and be prepared for movement!
i've given these as a baby shower gift along with an avert breast pump before.
these pads are too small and too thick.
they fall right out of your bra when you go to nurse your baby.
they also look very unflattering under clothing.
i like the lansinoh pads much better as they are thin and large which means they can be folded over when you open the bra flap to nurse.
don't waste your money on avent pads!
these are some of my least favorite from any brand i've tried.
they leak for me.
:(
unless you're wearing a baggy, bulky sweater, you can see the outline and the bumpiness of the pad underneath.
plus, the little dimple for the nipple--most people don't have nipples that are 2 mm in height!!
i've tried the washable breastpads and they're no good!
you soak right through them.
thank goodness for these!
great packaging because i go through a lot as they should be changed often.
no plastic so they breathe.
i didn't like them....
they are too small and very thick, they show thru your clothes.
i use instead the evenflow, they are very thin and larger than this.
i have tried a few different brands of nursing pads as i am now breastfeeding my second child.
they are just softer and more absorbant than other brands i have used.
i would give a 5 stars, but with a thin shirt on these are somewhat visible.
quite frankly, i am not wearing tight shirts in the post-partum period.madela pads were less visible, but much less comfortable and less absorbant.
they were too thin and plastic-like.
they absorbed very poorly.
i found a sample pack of these in the bathroom, and after using them once, i would not waste money on them.
too small and too thick.
these pads are a complete waste of money.
i started usinglansinoh 20265 disposable nursing pads, 60-packwhich are awesome!
but i was hoping that these would work because they are a little cheaper.
they might work for you if you have extremely light or practically non-existent leakage.
but even in that case, the absorbent material used in this product performs like a thin circular cotton ball -- it doesn't draw the moisture away from your skin, which was extremely irritating to my skin and made me feel edgy and damp all the time.so here are the cons of this product:-there is no waterproof backing on these pads (which is good for preventing thrush) but is bad for holding leaks.
my skin would end up wet and damp and hot.
very uncomfortable.-i had to change these pads constantly if i wanted to feel dry and comfortable--thus removing the whole purpose of replacing a wonderful product -lansinoh pads- with a terrible but cheaper product.-the mesh material that covered the absorbent material is irritating to my skin and would stick to the skin when i removed the pad.
the mesh material also allowed fibers through that would stick all over my skin which would then end up rubbing off on my baby's face.-these pads are small but puffy, which would often show up in silhouette if wearing even a slightly fitted shirt.-
i was trying out different breastpads, this among them.
they'd be perfect if there was a second sticky pad.
as they are, they travel all over my bra or nursing tank and get flipped down when i go to nurse.
it's a trial to get it back in place when i'm trying to 'zip up' after nursing, with a curious 4 month old looking and squirming around i'm fumbling with a bunched up nursing pad.
i used to use the avent pads until i discovered the lansinoh pads.
the avent pads are thick and smaller and they show through your shirt.
it's hard to disguise that you are wearing breast pads, which is kind of awkward.
it's okay to use at night because it is thick and it prevents leaks especially around morning time.
they are much better than the avent pads.
these pads are too thick and too small...
will not buy avent's anymore...
after trying several highly rated disposable pads these were my favorite, even over the much raved about lasinoh brand.
these are absorbent, they don't bunch up, they are white and they are most important comfortable i don't even remember i'm wearing them.
of course that could be tired mother syndrome too!
like i said these work good.
i am also a large chested woman and have found that these cover the nipple area sufficiently, i do however wear underwire thicker type bras which definetly help with keeping them in place.
i discovered a better brand johnson&johnson pads, however they only come in packs of 36 these come in bulk of 100...still making me chose convenience over comfort sometimes.
i honestly have to wonder what the manufacturer was thinking when they made these things so small.
i am not a very large breasted woman (a 38 c to be exact) and i found these things to be too little.
as long as i was relatively inactive all was fine but the minute i started doing something and they shifted even the slightest bit i would be leaking all over the place because they really don't offer too much coverage.
and sleeping in these little things?
forget it!
your bed is bound to be a wet mess by the time you wake up.add to this, the fact that the adhesive strip is placed at the top of the pad and you can see that their design needs a little work.
why didn't they put it in the middle?
but with a little nursling i think you've got enough worries without having to worry about embarassing wet spots on your shirt.
i love these breast pads!
as a leaky mom i've been ordering these from the start.
they are thick and comfy.
i don't use the sticky pads so i can't comment on those.
i've tried many other breast pads and these are by far my favorite.
i love that they're not individually wrapped because i find it annoying to have to unwrap the pads one by one every time i need one.
these are the best pads for the money!
yes these pads are thicker than most.
i usually put them over my fist and try to shape them "rounder" before i put them in my bra.i like these the best because they don't have the plastic liner on the backs.
also, i don't feel as if they are as "hot".i wish i could say they were too small but i have found them to be the perfect size for smaller women a-b cups.
pros:- these pads retain their shape and don't ball up or shred after a few hours like the medela pads do- they stay more or less in place even without using the adhesive strip- absorbent - i've never leaked through the pad- value for money - at $10 for 100 pads they're a decent buy- they don't show through under clothingcons:- they're a bit too small in diameter - even a little slippage (especially common at night) can cause the pad to be off the nipple- for those who like to use adhesive (i don't), the adhesive tab is so small that it's effectively uselessthe bottom line: while this pad is effective under most circumstances, it's not as good as my favorite pad, by "the first years."
buy it if it's the easiest one for you to locate.
the sticker doesn't adhere very well to the bra, but i find that sticking them makes it harder to nurse
i don't care for these because of the size of the pad-i'm not a big busted girl and these barely cover me.
also i feel like they're not that asorbant.
i find this super absorbent compare to the thin breast pads i have but i'm giving this a 4 star because the tape that's suppose to be attached to your nursing tank or bras doesn't really adhere to the fabric.
i love it.
i have used all the major name brands, had lots of samples and use whatever other mom's buy for my showers until i run out, plus i am on my third baby.
all the brands of pads work fine for me, johnson's leave fuzzies on my nipples but work fine otherwise.
these breast pads do the job from leakage, but they have a tendancy to bulk up around the edges.
also, the sticky tab doesn't raelly hold them into your bra.
i must say though i really like these pads compared to some other brands i tried.
these seem to be more discreet than others i have used.
you get what you pay for.
i prefer avent breast pads to gerber and lansinoh as they are more absorbent, stay in place with adhesive and are really comfortable to wear.
i found that gerber pads leaked straight through and lansinoh pads were too thin and i hated that wet and burning sensation when wearing them [i leaked a lot and the pads got soaked in minutes and were rubbing my nipples badly :(] avent pads are realy cushy and soft, and they conform to the natural shape of the breast.
they are also perfectly sized: had they been a little bigger, they would hardly fit in the bra.
i think they are inexpensive enough for you to try (there're trial 2-packs and packs of 40 pads for less than $5 at target and babies'r'us/toys'r'us stores).
i really like avent pads better than any other disposable pads i tried.
:)
i dint have a leaking issue with these but they didn't stay in place well.
the one little strip of adhesive was not enough to keep them in place.
maybe it is b/c i am big breasted but these did not work (loved the avent ones though)
i tried these pads first after being so happy with other avent products.
unlike other avent products these pads are barely passable for the job.
they are very thick, you can see them through clothing, the diameter is far too small so even a small shift and they will leak.
after many leaks with these i switched to lansinoh pads.
these childproof doorstops stopped my 1 year old from pulling all the stops off and from the potential choking hazard of the little white caps on standard metal stops.
they are easy to install (i'm a woman and did it myself), as they just screw into the old doorstop's hole.
they cannot support the weight because they do not bend.
i've also had one break, but the main issue is the damage when these get stepped on.
also, i wouldn't call these "soft".update 2010-02-10: had another one break... so at least two have broken now.
i have removed some other ones because i think they would cause more damage/risk than their worth if my son were to step on them or "play" with them.
excellent product.
this was great to keep my toddler from closing his bedroom door and getting up to no good.
it would be even better if it had a velcro attached to it so that you could attach it to the wall or a door when not in use.
i just got some velcro and did it on my own.
easy to unscrew the existing door jam and screw this one in it's place - they even provide a screw.
one piece, so kids can't pull off the tip of the door jam and potentially choke.
i've now replaced these things 3 times now in my house.
after some months, they simply snap off.
i agree with the other reviewers about that they are super easy to install and are way safer than the standard ones with those removable white end caps.
but make no mistake about the name "soft jamb" - they are not any kind of soft.
they are hard plastic and it does not hold up well to the door hitting into it (and no, they're not getting battered).
as i said, this is now the 3rd time i'm replacing them because (currently) 2 of the 3 that we have in our house snapped off.
they always snap off in the same place - right at that thinnest point, leaving just like an inch of the thing sticking out of the wall.
why am i replacing them if they don't last?
because i can't find any other company making them and they are much safer than the standard ones.
if they had cost a fortune, i would find another way, but they're cheap enough to replace when they break.
but just keep in mind if you're buying these that you should get a couple more than you need so you have extras for when they snap.
out toddler and cats constantly removed the tops to our standards door stops.
not only was this concerning from a safety/chocking standpoint, it was also quite frustrating finding them missing.
we replaced all of our standard door stops with these and the problem was solved.
it was super easy to screw these in to the existing holes.
he enjoyed putting the balls in the basket and of course throwing them but this toy is very loud.
it has 2 volume settings and it is still loud on the soft setting.
i was pregnant at the time and it could've just been me but it became very irratating with how loud and how sensitive it was.
you could be walking in another room and this toy could be by itself and it would start playing the music.
the versatility of this toy though is great being a walker and a ride on toy as well it could be a money saver.
just beware of the volume.
my son got this toy for christmas and was too young for it, but i brought it out when he was 6 mos old and he absolutely loved it.he plays with the balls and drops them in the basket, and it's fun for the cat as well because he tries to get the balls out of the tray as well!fun for the whole family.and very durable.
it's banged around a lot and has held up.def worth the money.
my son, then 9 months, received this walker along with a playskool walker for christmas.
the playskool walker has since been banished to our garage.
the fisher price walker is so much more fun!
even my 2.5 year old likes to sit on it and pretend he's &quot;going to work&quot; :)  this is definitely on my list of my top 5 favorite toys that we own!
this toy:is easy to put togetherdurableeasily (and securely) claps shut to transition to ride-oncolorfulhas cute musici cannot think of anything i dislike about this toy.
it even has little area in the front for baby's feet so you can push them.
it wasn't used much as a walker, it was kind of difficult for her to walk behind it.
now that she is walking she does like to sit on it and ride on it.
she enjoyed the balls and music before she was walking and it was like a transition for her from the kick toy with same balls for younger infants that she used.
the familiarity was also good for her going from one to the other.
my daughter has loved this toy since the day she got it.
she got it for christmas when she was almost 11 months old.
she was already walking, but not steadily.
this toy gave her confidence and she loves the silly face and fun music.
now that she is 1 she loves to put things in the basket and truck around the house.
the motion sensor on this toy is real sensitive so it doesn't have to be banged to play.
my daughter just has to walk up to it and it will play.
also, it isn't so loud that is can be mind numbing and the beat is kinda catchy.
my neice who is almost two recieved this on her first birthday and used it for a walker until recently.
this is really a useful toy and really fun.
my daughter doesn't really care about the balls that come with it she uses the basket more to push around other toys and her stuffed animal.
another good point is that it has all rounded edges so when she biffs she doesn't seem to get hurt.
she just gets up, rights the walker, and keeps on movin'.
i find that it doesn't get away from her like other walking toys did.
if you want your child to use a walker to help him/her get used to her feet and have fun doing it, this is the toy, plus it is convertible and will last beyond a year.
my daughter was totally unable to use this as a walker because the rolling motion is so fast and loose it was impossible for her to pull herself up without it rolling away before she had her footing and she would just fall down.
when she got a bit steadier on her feet it still wasn't much use because she had to bend over so far to reach the grab bar - closer to the grab bar and the space in the v was too small for her to move her legs in a walking motion.
so, no dice as a walker; a plastic garden chair on a painted wood floor was actually more effective.
the only use she really got out of it for the first five months we had it was playing with the plastic balls and pressing the button which starts the music (which is quite fun and jazzy by the way - only two short selections but surprisingly they don't get annoying even after several hundred consecutive plays).i finally dusted it off last week thinking she might be interested in it as a ride along and she took to it this time.
she got the hang of it quite quickly - it's low to the ground and quite small which is perfect for the younger toddler.
i like its simplicity for the ride along function, there are plenty of toys out there which aid in counting and colors and everything, i don't think you really need all that on a ride along toy like some of the more complex ones which are available.
i wish the front wheels swivelled; we don't have a lot of space and since she can't turn with it all she can really do is go along one short hallway at which point i have to physically turn her round on it, if she hasn't already lost interest and climbed off before i get there.
i think it's also rather expensive for what it is; it's very lightweight and i suspect could be damaged fairly easily, especially if older children were playing around with it as tends to happen when siblings and cousins are around.
my son got this toy for christmas.
he wasn't even crawling yet but loved to put the balls in the basket to make the music start.
once he started pulling up it was a great walking toy.
it is a little difficult to change from the walking to riding position but my son isn't that interested in riding right now.
i bought this product before my daughter was born.
i took it out to play with it to see how it worked in light and dark rooms.
i believe it did have options for battery or a/c power.
i finally decided i wanted something that was smaller and in color that you could plug into the tv.
the sound had very little to no static in it for my house, which i do not have anything else that works on 900mhz here.
we first had another monitor from a different company, it went dead.
we love this monitor so far (knock on wood.)
you never know how these things will go.
we could not live without one of these monitors though.
if it broke, i would buy another one.
we use it that much.
in fact, we have a tele.
we couldn't live without this monitor.
he's 2 1/2 years old now and recently made the switch to a twin bed.
when he slept on his tummy at 3.5 moz, this monitor gave me peace as it was necessary to watch him very closely when he couldn't roll over.
i've kept it on my desk and night stand, carrying it from room to room, and i plan on purchasing the portable monitor for our new baby who is arriving shortly.
i have not experienced any technical difficulties with the monitor with the exception of periodic static if i stand several feet away at a particular angle to it, most likely interferring with the signal somehow.
i have never experienced any compromise of the clear picture when it sits near my head on the night stand.
they encouraged me to call them with the number on my original unit, which would allow them to determine compatibility.
i purchased the portable monitor for my best friend and she has found it extremely useful over the past 4 months since her daughter was born.
wow!
we love our video monitor!
we can check to see his position (i am always nervous about him smooshing his face into the mattress when he rolls around), his breathing and the geographic locale of his pacifier!
i can't comment on that because we have only had it for 2 months.
but for us, 2 months of sleep has been worth the investment already even if it tanks later...
the purpose of a baby monitor is to free you up for household chores while still allowing you to know that junior is safe and sound.
video only works if you sit there and watch it (which defeats the purpose of freeing you up for chores), and if it has audio, as this one does, then why even have video??
video is an unnecessary expense, because just what is there to see inside a baby's crib anyway?
there shouldn't be anything dangerous in there anyway!!!!
save the $ and get an audio.
video monitors are a ploy to get well-meaning parents, eager to protect their children ("if you don't get this, you're an irresponsible parent!
"), to spend more money.
sell yours on ebay, spend ten bucks for a good audio monitor, and put the rest in baby's college fund where you'll get much more use out of it.
i am one of those "psycho" first moms that just held on till the bitter end with the basinett.
so we went out and got this monitor and i am very happy with it.
i keep the tv on it's side so i can see my son laying upright and not sideways and i keep it right by my bed.
if i want to see him i just push the button and there he is.
:-) the monitor is so good i can hear him breathing!!
if i were to be nit-picky i would have to say it picks up a little to much.
if someone is to loud outside you can hear it on the monitor or if a car drives by.
but all i wanted was to hear him breathe and see what he was doing if he cried.
now he can sleep comfortably in his bed and even through i can't roll over and touch him in the middle of the night i have the next best thing.
couldn't live without it.here i am a year later adding to my review...we still love this monitor and we are about to have baby number two and when i called the company for 60 dollars more we can add another camera and i can see both my boys on the same monitor... really great product and company.
after reading the other reviews, i was apprehensive to spend $100 on something that wouldn't work properly.
to my surprise, it exceeded my expectations.
our room is on the opposite side of the house, across the kitchen and living room, and we were still able to get excellent sound and picture.
the picture is so clear you can see her chest rise and fall, and the sound is so good you can hear her shift in the night.
i am not sure why some reviewers couldn't get reception 5 feet from their baby's room.
maybe they didn't know the monitor had 2 channels?i recommend this to anyone.
i was nervous about being so far away all night, but this monitor gives me peace of mind.
i take it to the bathroom while i get ready for work and to the computer room while i do work, to the kitchen while i cook, etc....a must have for new parents - well worth the money!!
i read the reviews on this product before buying it.
the sound worked great but i could never get a picture at all.
i thought about exchanging it for another just like it but figured it wouldnt work.
if you want this monitor i suggest trying it out for yourself in your home instead of just reading these reviews because it does depend on how your house is set up just dont get your hopes up and be prepared to run back to the store to exchange just in case.
i can honestly give this 5 stars as last month i flew from ca to tn.
and this held my daughter's infant seat( graco snugride), window shades ( side pockets) and 2 full bags of baby gear ( toys, extra bottles) that i had left at grandma's last time because i had no room for them.
i could have easily put in a pack of  diapers and been okay.
it made it through the baggage claim without a scratch and i can see me using this for many more trips back home as we live far away from family.none of my things were damaged or dirty and i can feel better knowing my daughter's seat does not  have the germs from the traveling.
i had my daughter in her sling and since traveling alone was easily able to get my 60 lb bag of luggage ( gone long time), this seat and carry her.
i did not hurt my back and got the seat out while waitng for our ride, put her in her seat and took off the sling which i slipped in this bag all while alone!andin less than 5 minutes...no kidding!
a lady next to me said how amazed she was i did so so easily and quickly.you will not be dissapointed.....
once you figure out which way your carseat goes in, this product is amazing!
i was able to fit a large carseat in it as well as some other junk that would not fit in my suitcase.
don't hesitate - buy this!
at the check-in counter the attendant actually thanked us for using it rather than trying to check in a bare car seat.
there is tons of room and i packed all my babies clothes and supplies, including diapers, in with the seat.
i checked it in and it arrived in good condition.
hint: i put all babies belongings in a large shopping bag since i needed the car seat for the trip to the airport.
on the transport bus i pulled the travel bag out of the shopping bag, inserted the car seat and then put in all the other things.
if i can make one addition to the carrier, it would be to add another strap so that an adult can wear it like a backpack.
we were able to fit out chicco keyfit and teh graco turbo booster in this bag.
it turned out that we needed an extra bag, so i took the carseat out and replaced it with the first years reclining booster seat (for eating), a boppy and some clothes and had a ton of room.
for the price it did exactly what it was supposed to do.
the only thing that would make this product better is to have wheels and a handle.
these new cups are awful.
we had a couple of them from late 2012 that were awesome.
the lids were easy to screw on and they never leaked.
then playtex redesigned the lid and now they are really hard to get closed, sometimes hard to open, and they leak if you don't get them exactly right.
i just got done clearing out the shelves of my local pharmacies at 8:30 at night trying to find the old style (yay, got 3!)
because we put our son to bed tonight with a cup of ice water and he woke up 20 minutes later because he was lying in a freezing cold puddle.
his cup was apparently not screwed together properly and it leaked all over his bed.
i do not appreciate changing sheets for no reason.
this is not the first time we've had the cups leak on us.
i will use the old style until he chews the spouts to death, which is what happened to our old set, and then i will find another brand.
i'm not sure what the point of the redesign was since the old style was perfect.
we tried a whole bunch of cups when my youngest hit the sippy age, and these were the best by far.
we do find that after a while the plastic valves need replacing, and occasionally i have thrown away a lid but only after a long time (years).
that may seem obvious but i have heard of several people doing it so it is worth mentioning.
best sippy cup we've had!
my baby started using those around 15 months, didn't have any problem switching to this sippy cup.
no leaks!
very easy to clean!
i love this product .
but what am i suppose to do with pink cup when i order blue .
no point to return it .
super durable and don't leak at all!
-mother of 3
i received this as a gift and although they worked okay at first, over time they began to leak and it's getting increasingly worse.
my toddlers tend to leave them lying on their side rather than upright when they are finished drinking, which means a huge puddle of liquid leaks out onto the floor or table.
i have tried over a half dozen sippy cups (playtex, nubby, sassy and munchkin) with my daughter and these are my favorite.
(i really liked a munchkin cup, but they changed their design and lost their lead).
i would actually recommend them to others.update: playtex has updated this product with a different valve and locking system on the lid.
the top leaks like crazy!
a regular cup with no lid would have been less messy.
i attempted to let my daughter use this cup multiple times, ensuring the lid was securely on and it leaked every single time.
i am beyond disappointed that playtex has replaced a good product with a product that is frankly, garbage.
i gave this cup a low review because the paint scratches off and it looks ugly after a while.
they do have new insulated sippys with a halogram design that is cute and doesnt scratch.
i dont have a problem with my son hurting himself while drinking because he is usually in his highchair when he drinks out of it.
i like this sippy cup but it came in pink and i specifically ordered blue for my son.
i was not satified with this product because of this.
we bought 8 of these 1+ years ago (tired of washing the two we had) and they've withstood the test of time.
of the 8 we bought, only 1 was girly pink with butterflies, and the other 7 were gender neutral.
well it didn't pay off.
if you have a daughter, go for it.
even the boyish designs are fun for a girl.
(i don't even think i would call them boyish, more gender neutral.)
i kept these for an upcoming shower gift, but it's not worth the chance i'll get another set of pink butterfly cups.a gender selection option should be provided.
i use this cup every day.
i bought these without noticing they had changed the lid of the cup.
the new lid is terrible.
it is hard to get it on correctly and often looks like it is on when it isn't.
i have cleaned up numerous leaks from these cups already.oh, and would it really be that much trouble for you to add the options of 'girl, 'boy' or 'unisex' style cups?
or, just send out unisex options?will not be purchasing these again.
playtex will never leave you scrubbing milk/juice stains out of your carpet- or your kids' clothes!the insulated cup keeps fluids fresher longer, which makes this the healthiest cup delivering optimum nutrients and nutrition for your child!
milk which spoils quickly.i have bought this cup over and over again- not because it has worn out, but because i want several for our home, grandparents' home, diaper bag, etc.very pleased with this product!
they are easy to click closed, barely leak, and the valves come out easy for washing.
i purchased these cups and they are supposed to not leak (like all kids cups).
well....they did leak...alot.
if you turn the lid too tight, it will leak.
needless to say...they are garbage.
we chose the playtex after using soft tip sippy cups for a while.
they don't leak, they're easy to wash, and the insulation helps keep drinks at temp (warmed milk or cold water).
i noticed before i bought these that people complained about the colors (same with the straw cups, which i also ordered); it's not that big a deal!
unless you have major gender issues, you'll get some cute designs that may or may not match the exact image of your child's gender.
we have been using playtex sippies for about four years now, for two children and they are by and large the best of all that we've tried.there are other attractive models out there, but they tip over easily (what marketing genius thought a narrower at the bottom than at the top design was a good idea!)
and don't last.
the plastic that they are made out of is hard and it eventually cracks-- dropped or from dishwasher wear.the playtex models (either insulated or not) stay upright (most of the time lol) and are easily cleaned by hand or in a dishwasher.
(hand tested on vacation and at nana's.
)the only thing that we have done to maintain them is to replace the valve thingies as they will start to age after a year or so and leak despite what other reviewers have said.
these replacement valves are cheap though and no problem to find.as to insulation, they insulate to a limited extent but don't expect to have your milk stay good for more than an hour or so in a hot environment.
(tested in florida, texas, and virginia.
)five stars.
the best that we have used and we have tested just about everything on the market.
i do agree with one reviewer that they do tip over regularly but luckily don't spill when this happens so you can't make that a true negative.
the insulation doesn't keep things very cool for long if outside the fridge here in florida.
i also find it hard to get my hand down to the bottom when hand washing with a sponge.
doesn't leak, even when thrown.
only thing we use for juice.
they truly are the gold standard.
they last forever, don't leak, and are cute as well.
this new line that they came out with is just terrible.
after 2 washings they leak all over the place.
i don't know whether it's the new valves or the cup lids themselves, but they are completely useless.
i'm stalking other sites to find the originals so i can stock up because these new ones are a disaster.
i orderd these cups believing i will get the dinosaur ones as pictured, but instead got flower ones.
if you really want pink for girl and blue for boy.
this product is not for you.
i used the fisher price bugs (great product!)
so far, so good.
he enjoys playing with it when we are out and about.
the toys kept him entertained for a while, i guess a few months.
i recently bought the tiny love trio to switch out the other toys with and now he is playing with it again.
now that he is older he does pull it off the stroller, but he is still enjoying it and i haven't lost any toys.
overall, fun stroller toy.
my 3 month old loves playing with this toy when he is in his car seat, but he can now grab the toys and pull them.
when he does this the arch comes off the car seat and it has already it him twice on the head.
i wish that this product was designed better because my son really does love it.
i bought this for my 2 month old figuring it would be versatile enough she can use it for a long time.
she seems to enjoy following the bugs when they swing as we stroll along.
if you jostle it, it has a tendency to pop off on that side.
i'm hoping when she gets older it'll fit better on her stroller and carseat.
we didn't have this toy for long because it would not clip onto anything.
i bought initially for the carseat on the road, (can't have the bar up while driving) but it wouldn't clip on to the carseat.
it also didn't clip on to his bassinet.
there was no point in having this toy, so we returned the item.as other people said it would collapse easily.instead i use the lamaze: link along friends.
i clip those to the hood of the carseat while driving.
he loves to play with those toys.
i was able to get it on, after about 20 minutes of work, but it wouldn't stay in an upright position.
before you buy this toy, make sure that your stroller or carseat, etc.
has a thin bar/rail that the toy can be attached to.one bonus- it did fold very easily and fit nicely into my daughter's diaper bag.
this is a cute toy, i will give them that.
but it doesnt clip to anything.
we have yet to find something that this toy will clip too.
it collapses on everything, it falls on her.
we ended up taking the toys off of it and hanging them from other things.
we could have done that with toys she already had.
this was a waste of money.
not too babyish, so you can use it for a long time.
good price.
it has an interior mesh bag that easily pulls out so you're not bending over or struggling to get those socks at the bottom out!
so convenient!
would definitely buy again.
if someone wishes to jazz it up, the front buttons could be replaced with something more decorative and keeping with the theme of the nursery.
i like the wooden legs as they go with my maple furniture.i like the simplicity of it, as when the kid grows up, it does not sream "baby stuff".nothing fancy and very practical.buy it, you won't regret it :)
i just love this hamper for the fact that it's collapsible all the baby stuff takes up room.
this product was able to fit into this tight space we had between the wall and crib.
although it isn't opened completely, you can still fit your baby's dirty clothes without any problems.
and the price is  reasonable too!
it is neutral and will be able to 'grow' with the child as the decor changes and it's easy to empty - the mesh liner comes out and goes back in very easily.
easy to assemble out of the box...no brainer!netting comes out of the hamper for an easy "laundry tote" you can take right with you to carry the laundry to the washing machine.
and it looks great w/ just about any decor.
originally i wanted one of the more decorative hampers but i am glad i went with this one.
it is super convenient and easy to clean....think machine wash :-).
it folds easily if you decide you don't want it out for some reason and it has an interior bag which doesn't collapse from the weight of a hefty bundle of clothing.
it might not be appealing to some beacuse of its plain look but i keep mine in the corner next to my crib.
the removeable mesh lining is perfect for carrying the clothes from the room to the washer.
i wanted to buy another one for my husband amd i, but it doesn't hold enough laundry.
think about it, within no time your baby's clothes will be so much bigger so might as well get a bigger basket to begin with.
i love the idea of the pull-out mesh bag which makes laundry time so much easier.
before i got this, i would separate the laundry before washing and the baby's clothes would always be in a separate pile-now it's automatically separated; just pull out the bag when it's time for a load and dump it in.
it holds about a load of laundry when its full.
it doesn't take up a lot of room either.
it's perfect!
i purchased this pillow early in my second trimester and thought it was ok. now i'm 39 weeks and have been using it nightly for the past two months & attribute the pillow completely to the comfort and sleep i get.
i don't think i ever would have made it through my pregnancy without the help of my snoogle!
much to my husband's dismay, this pillow was a permanent fixture in our bed from about 20 weeks on.
this took the place of countless pillows and supported my body so that i could get those precious hours of pain-free sleep.
i recommend this to anyone i know complaining of restless nights when pregnant.
perhaps it goes without saying, but amazon had the best pricing.
at first i was using the pillow upside down and i wasn't totally crazy about it, but once i flipped it i can't sleep without it.
this is my third pregnancy and i wish i had found this sooner!i sleep with the the smaller (more curved) end under my head and the wider (less curved) part in between my legs and under my belly.
the long straight part goes along my back to provide support when i sleep on my side or even if i want to turn so i'm sleeping slightly on my back.
this is a big plus for a pregnant lady, not having to sleep directly on my left side all of the time.
having the pillow behind your back and neck keeps you from being flat on your back, which can be uncomfortable and is not recommended because it can put pressure on the vena cava.
the lower end wraps in between my legs far enough to provide back support in this position.the head part of the pillow is a good height, so you won't need an additional pillow for your head.
i am 5'7&#34; and the pillow is long enough to support my head and then wrap all the way around, in between my legs and up under my belly.
i have a queen-size bed and my husband and my bff pillow and i all fit fine in it.i have also found this pillow useful when sitting up in bed - you can curl it up behind you or wrap it around your waist (with an additional pillow behind your head) to provide support for your arms if you are reading, typing, etc.i will probably continue to use this after i have the baby.
it may prove to be useful for breastfeeding, although it is not as portable as a boppy-style pillow.
i am a stomach sleeper and being pregnant doesn't really work with that.
i normally sleep on my stomach and needed a supportive pillow to adapt to sleeping on my side.
now that i have had my little one i don't want to stop using the pillow because i have gotten so used to it.
i recommend this to all my pregnant friends.
i was a little skeptical to purchase this pillow.
since i am 6'2" i wasnt sure it was going to fit me.
when i received the package,i thought i was definitely sending it back.
the package was so small!
i'm glad i took a chance and opened the package - it poofed right up on the bed!when my husband saw it he complained that i was going to take up the entire bed.
the pillow actually fits on my side of the bed (queen bed) and my husband hasnt complained since we got it.i have had it for about a week now.
i have always been a stomach sleeper and when i could no longer do that, i resolved to sleeping on my back.
now that i am unable to do that (18 weeks) i am having a hard time sleeping.
i now find myself waking up with one hip on the pillow and one hip on the mattress, tilting me slightly to the side, yet still on my back.
really any position with the snoogle is very comfortable.the reason for 4 stars versus 5 stars...i wish there was a little more stuffing inside the pillow.
i find myself fluffing it to try and get it a little thicker since i am taller.
some reviews have said it has too much, some have said it doesnt have enough.
i have used it to prop myself up in bed and that works great as well.
i can see myself and the rest of the family using this pillow for quite some time.
(one other minor flow would be the white pillow covering.
it can get dirty so easily.
i beleive i am going to make a cover for it in case of it getting dirty)  oh...and the cover is not scratchy for me.
several reviews said their cover was scratchy.
i do not find mine to be so.i hope this has helped you!
i have used this since i first started &#34;showing&#34; and could no longer sleep on my belly.
which was a big deal for me because i am normally a belly sleeper.
this has made sleeping so much easier.
i only wished i had known about it during my first pregnancy.
this pillow has served me well for the last 4 months.
my only real complaint is that it is starting to get squished and doesn't provide as much support as it used to, but it will get me through the next few months.
maybe popping it in the dryer will revive it.
i don't think i would have bought it for myself because it seemed like too much money to spend on such a specialized pillow that is huge and a pain to store.
but--i am now convinced that it is essential for sleeping during pregnancy!
i credit this pillow for helping me get more sleep during both of my pregnancies.
there is no good way to make the bed with this pillow in it, so we've just given up on trying to make the bed look normal with this pillow in it.
it either gets moved to the floor when the bed is made, or we pull the covers up over it and it looks like someone is still sleeping in the bed.
oh well - it is well worth it for the 6-9 months of pregnancy that it helps me sleep!
i cannot imagine how i wold manage without this product!!
this is more useful in the last trimester of pregnancy like is 8th and definitely in 9th months.i found this product more useful after i had my baby...
very very useful!!
)you don't need to be pregnant to buy this.. its a gr8 support for your back when you sit on your bed for reading or working on your laptop/ipad.
(this pillow dose not come with a pillow cover.
so,do not forget to buy the pillow cover.
)this can be a gr8 gift too...
i bought this when i first got pregnant and didn't see the big deal.
i don't know how i would have slept without it.
once you hit the 3rd trimester this pillow is key to get any kind of sleep.
this product has a lot of reviews, and i was nervous about buying because it seems to me something like this will work great for one person and not another.
i am so glad i did go ahead and spend the money though personally.
i will describe me and my sleep position, because i think maybe if you sound similar to me you will love it too?
this pillow has allowed me to sleep on my side much easier than when i was trying to use three or four pillows in different places.
it stays in place much better than using multiple pillows and makes me feel much more supported.
also, this is really the only pillow i use at night, so though it is kind of a big thing, compared to using three or four pillows i feel free!
i wonder if i will even want to stop using it when not pregnant anymore, its so comfy.
also, this is my first baby and i plan on having more, so i figure i will get my money's worth.
anyway, i am about 5'3, moderately curvy and busty and i have a lot of back problems pre pregnancy, and this pillow really meets my needs in a way i don't think a standard body pillow would do :) hope this helps.
i love this pillow.
it provides exactly the right support and i sleep comfortably through the night.
i wish i knew about this when i was pregnant with my first child.
my wife bought this pillow when she was about 5 months pregnant.
she loves it.
but i think i love it more than she does.
before she had the pillow, my wife was all over the bed when she was sleeping.
she would move all around in her sleep and usually had me hanging off the bed by the end of the night.
with this pillow, that has stopped.
because of that, i do too.
when my wife gets out of bed before i do, i often steal the pillow and sleep with it.
this pillow was a lifesaver.
i got a lot of hip pain during pregnancy.
one night without this and i would be miserable.
i kept the long side toward the inside of the bed, so i could get out and pee easily during the night.
husband not a fan of this in our queen sized bed, but i was desperate and we made do.
the only disadvantages were that the cover is difficult to put back on after laundering.
also, the instructions that came with it showed the pillow coiled up to be used as a back pillow but this never worked as it tended to spring open unexpectedly and send bedside items crashing to the floor.
i would buy this again in a heartbeat though.
i got pretty practiced at switching sides and rewrapping my legs around it and was so much better than retrieving a regular pillow from the floor all night.
i am 5' 7&#34; and 200lbs + during pregnancy and this held up great.
i started using it at about 6 months pregnant because i was having a lot of trouble sleeping due to the changes in my body.
it is very well designed.on the other hand, the pillow is way overpriced considering the quality.
in fact, the fabric seems identical to the cheap pillows you get on a plane.
the cover that comes with the pillow is also cheap polyester and doesn't have a zipper.
so it takes a lot of wrangling and maneuvering to get the pillowcase on the pillow.
for $50, this pillow is a total ripoff... but it works.
this product is very comfy and i think will work well for me as i get bigger.
i bought it hoping it'd help w/ my lower back/neck issues, but it didn't help too much.
i stopped using it for awhile, but will plan to use it again soon.my only complaint is that the part where your legs go seems to go flat quickly throughout the night which causes my legs to ache.
i didn't buy a pregnancy pillow with my first pregnancy and now i really wish i did!!
i must admit when i first saw it out of the box i thought it was too narrow and that i might have to return it, but i decided to give it a shot and i love it!
it's not too soft or too hard, it's just perfect and it conforms perfectly to your body.
that way you can turn without having to move the entire pillow.
absolutely recommend this product to all pregnant women looking for comfort at night.
got this pillow after way too many sleepless nights.
i had been having alot of hip and back pain related to sciatica and needed something to help me stay on my sides.
i love the pillow for going behind my back and keeping me from rolling over, but my belly isn't big enough to really use it on the other side.
i have tried this pillow sitting up for reading, and eventually for feeding, and love it.
the only issues i have with it are right on with the other reviews ~ the cover is really hard to get on.
i had pain in my hips very early on in the first trimester and this pillow was a miracle worker and relieved my pain and allowed me to sleep comfortably.
i slept so well with this pillow throughout my pregnancy i had a hard time giving it up after my son was born.
it also gave great support for my growing belly.
it is rather large but we have a king sized bed so it wasn't an issue for us.
i was skeptical about making this purchase but i desperately needed to get a good nights rest.
i mean how much could it differ from putting a regular pillow in between your legs, right?
with this pillow i no longer spent my nights tossing and turning trying to get comfortable.
it also helped alleviate my back pain that i had been getting.
my only complaint is that after 4 mo.
of use its starting to go flat in some parts.
mainly the head but i have fixed that my just placing a pillow underneath that part.
way too big, it's ridiculous.
hard to sleep with.
i would have returned it if it wasn't such a hassle to return the giant thing.
i must say that i could not even imagine the number of possible ways and positions this body pillow can be used.
currently being at my second trimester i it helps me to fix my position on the tilted safe left side and serves as a stopper so that i accidentally won't roll onto my stomach  or even press in any way.
super thick, soft and comfortable and doesn't sink down over time (been using for several months now).
definitely recommend the product and it is cheaper than at the maternity/motherhood store, even at the outlet you can't find as good deal as here at amazon.
when i first started researching pregnancy pillows, i decided against buying one, convinced it was an expensive gimmick.
but as my pregnancy progressed, i was waking up in pain, and could not find a comfortable position.
i am normally a stomach sleeper, which is impossible now, and sleeping flat on your back is not advisable.
the baby continuously kicked me if i slept on my left side, maybe i was leaning on him.
that left me with very little options for a good night sleep.
my first choice was the u shaped pillow, but all of them seem huge, leaving very little bed space my husband!
i tuck the bottom between my legs and under my tummy for support.
i am petite, 5.2, so this option might not work as well for taller women.i can finally sleep on my left side!
it's a little tough to position yourself around the pillow every time you turn over, but that is normal- it is a big pillow after all, and pregnant women are not that agile.
some previous reviewers commented that this pillow retained body heat, making them very hot at night.
the pillow does retain heat, (don't all pillows do that?)
but i did not find that to be a problem at all.
i get cold at night, and found that this feature was a pro, not a con.
if i get hot, i just kick the blanket off.
i haven't tried to wash the pillowcase yet, so i can't say anything about the ease of putting it back on the pillow.
some reviewers complained that the cover was very difficult to put on the pillow after washing.i just washed the cover, and had zero trouble putting it on.
it is an oddly shaped pillow, so i would recommend aligning the pillow to the pillowcase, so the ends are facing the same way.
grab the pillow by the curved end, and put it in the end of the pillowcase.
then, start pulling the length of the pillowcase down the pillow, just as you would a stocking, making sure the fit is tight.
as you near the opening, stuff the other end into the pillowcase.
it should be easier, because this end is less curved and is much closer to the opening.
the pillowcase is on!
it shouldn't take more than a couple of minutes.
i would recommend following washing instructions - washing in warm water on gentle cycle, and drying on lowest heat setting.
perhaps some reviewers shrunk their pillowcases, which is why they had so much trouble putting them back on the pillow.
i was having the hardest time trying to make myself sleep on my side and i would wake up every morning in pain and on my back.
this pillow helped a lot.
i sleep with the long side to my back.
this way even if i try to roll over i'm not completely on my back.
the fabric is not soft so i put a regular pillow case where my head rests.
i don't feel like the pillow is too hard.
i would prefer a little more stuffing in the head area to prop me up just a little more, but my head is comfortable throughout the night.
i think the biggest problem with this is that when you put the end through the legs and then bring it up under the belly, there isn't much pillow between the lefts to align the hips, so i sometimes wake up with sore hips.
the pillow is large and getting situated for bed can be annoying.
i'll probably keep using even after i'm pregnant.
bought this in my third trimester, if you turn a lot during in your sleep, this is not a pillow for you.
because every time you change the position, you have to move the pillow the other way, oh my specially when you are already barely moving yourself, pillow is more like being hassle than making you comfortable.
the sleepless nights i had before this pillow almost stopped immediately once it arrived.
i just used two pillow cases to cover the pillow rather than spending extra money for a fitted one.
7 months along, it gets tougher finding ways to sleep more comfortably through the night.pros: curved and contoured so that your neck and legs are supported.
also, allows you to flip from side to side without having to rearrange the pillow which you would need to do with a regular body pillow.cons: material of the pillow is not the softest and they should improve that for sure.that's it.
it works for me :)
i told myself that if i ever got pregnant again that i would splurge on a pregnancy pillow!
well, i did and hated this thing.
after 2 nights with it, i could not tolerate it.
both mornings i woke-up with a sore neck and there is not a good way to turn it over in the middle of the night when you are covered by a sheet.
i actually, had to get out of the bed, pull the sheet back, flip the pillow over, and hop back into bed.
if the pillow was on the edge nearest the side of the bed, good luck trying to get out in the middle of the night for restroom break!
the leg support was the only thing that was decent.
i decided this was not a splurge; i will take my 10 pillows any day over this uncomfortable pillow!
after having a very hard time sleeping during pregnancy and onset of sciatic nerve issues during my first trimester, i purchased this pillow.
it is very good!
i use another pillow below it for my head, and use the below portion between both legs and the edge to support my growing belly.
the pillow is very comfortable, and i sleep better.
during the second trimester, doctors recommend sleeping on the left side.
sometimes i turn over my back because sleeping on my left with my arms hanging out causes squeezing of lungs and makes it hard to breathe, so i tend to turn on my back a bit while sleeping which is not good for the baby.
the back support here prevents me from laying completely on my back.
i only wish the back support were a bit firmer, it would have provided more support.
also, having the lower portion between the legs causes a bit of strain since there is only enough to go between the thighs, since the rest of my legs are at a different angle it causes pain and strain.
i use another pillow below this one between the legs but it keeps coming off, so that is the only change i would have preferred.
overall i sleep better with this than without it.
i'm using this pillow for about a week now and here's what i noticed.i'm at 27 weeks and my belly is not too big, but it still caused me a lot of trouble while sleeping.
i had to spend about 10 minutes every night getting comfortable enough with all the pillows, and of course by the time i do (pretty much) i'd have to get up and go to the bathroom :)i now use the snoogle pillow along with only 2(!)
extra pillows and it does help.i'll skip the pros part as the other reviewers did a good job describing them.
the seam that goes all the way on the inside curve of the pillow is very stiff when the pillow is stretched around your body.
this is very uncomfortable as i usually feel it either on my shoulder, neck or the chest depending on the position i take.it is touching all those soft areas and feels almost like a cardboard across the skin.2.
the price.
it has been mentioned before, that the pillow itself is very simple made, so i guess it's the idea that costs that much.all these items could probably be improved by the manufacturer so the product really does make a perfect pregnancy product.
i am 5'3" and i was 125lbs before my pregnancy.after i bought this pillow, i have been able to sleep very comfortably nearly every night.
it provides the support where i need it.
i use the narrower "hook" end to support my head and neck.
the long body pillow part provides back support and prevents me from sleeping completely on my back.
the wider "hook" end allows me to separate my knees.
i let my belly hang out at the opening of the pillow.
i've tried using the body pillow portion to support my belly, but it is not that comfortable for me and i find myself sleeping on my back.i've gotten alot of rest because of this pillow.
the cardboard insert in the package also has photos of 5 other uses for this pillow, including nursing your baby.
i am still pregnant, so i don't know if this pillow is useful for nursing just yet.but for pregnancy, this pillow is awesome.
after the baby arrived, she still uses it to prop them both up for breastfeeding.
she says she couldn't have gotten through the last few months of pregnancy without this!
if you generally sleep on one side ir the other will work great
buy this one as soon as you find out your pregnant.
i waited and had a few weeks of no good sleep, wing up several times from pressure on my belly.
slept with it for 2 night no and am 4 months pregnant.
just loooove it.
the only problem now is that i don't want to get out of my bed in the morning, because it's almost too comfortable.
whoever invented this deserves the nobel prize.. okay maybe not that prestigious but at least something of sort.
this was a life saver for me when i was pregnant.
being of petite frame, the pregnancy wreaked havoc on my back and my sleep.
my husband researched around and alot of his coworkers who were mothers or was pregnant themselves suggested i get a snoogle.googled it and found it on amazon with the best pricing (shouldn't be surprise at this point).
received it a week later and immediately used it that night.
the snoogle was totally what i needed.
not only did it supported my legs, because of it, it helped alleviate the back pains i was experiencing due to my growing bump.
snoogle eventually became my partner on the couch, in bed.. even in my office chair!
it provided all the right support for my back and legs throughout and after the birth of my daughter, it also provided support to help me with feeding her.as my daughter grew and hit each stage of her life, the snoogle came into play a few more times (i.e.
supported her head for naps, elevated her for tummy time, acted as a cushion as she practiced sitting up and crawling on her own).
this thing is a miracle i tell you!
also, the case it comes in is like paper, doesn't soften much with washing.
this means you'd have to spend even more money to buy a softer pillow case for this.
kinda a waste of money
i've been using my snoogle since september when i had some really bad sciatica issues at only 3 months of my pregnancy, but i'm still not convinced it is the best for me.
i can sleep with it in both suggested positions ... what i've been doing is i have the pillow in one position and when i wake up to switch the side i'm sleeping on, i leave the pillow in place and just roll my body rather than flipping the pillow.
i was doing this so that the spine of the pillow was along my spine (to keep me from sleeping on my back) when on my left side, but i found myself sleeping mostly on my right side (so i was hugging the spine of the pillow).
since you are supposed to sleep mostly on your left side for optimal blood flow, this week i flipped the pillow & now i am able to sleep on my left side more consisitently, but i'm also finding myself waking up on my back more often than before.my main problem with this pillow, though, is i sometimes wake up with the worst neck pain & have to put a heating pad on my neck & get a quick massage from my husband and i'm still normally miserable for half the day.also, i found that the pillow & the pillow case made my neck break out terribly (think cystic acne), but thankfully my crafty mom made me a bunch of pillow cases (for waaaay cheaper than buying them) and my neck has cleared up.
so there is something in the fabric of the pillow & the store-bought cases that my skin reacts to.i also haven't been comfortable with the pillow "under" my belly -- i don't know if i'm just bigger but there is no room between my belly & the mattress for the pillow to fit!i can't return it any longer & i don't have the cash to try out the bobby version so i'll make do.
i'm sure i'm sleeping better than if i didn't have the snoogle, but i'm not one who can rave about it.
then i started having pain in the neck and shoulder.
if you could ask someone to take a look at your neck and spine, you would notice that they aren't in a straight line when you are using the pillow.
the material doesn't contour to your neck and head.
the pain went away after i switched back to my old pillow and using a pillow between my knees and ankles.
the cover that comes with the pillow is made in a poor material.i bought this because i was a back sleeper and was desperate in finding a solution to help me sleep on my side.
the bottom line: i won't suggest it to any one or buy it again.
about 5 months into my pregnancy i was really having trouble getting comfortable at night.
regular pillows as barriers, did not work well.
i looked into several pillows and purchased this one because it was a total body pillow.
it's been so nice because i can put it behind me and between my legs, which keeps me from rolling on my back (i'm 5'2", and feel like i have more pillow than i need, which tells me it would work for a taller person).
**i recommend purchasing a cover for this pillow**  i thought i would just use the white cover that it comes with, but found out i really needed a pillow case!
i found that for a chair or couch, this pillow is just too big and bulky.
it would probably be great if you are staying in bed to nurse, though.-we have a queen sized bed and i had enough room.-still so glad i had this pillow during pregnancy!
i tried a couple of these types of pillows first.
the boppy body pillow (ugh!!)
and a regular body pillow.my snoogle is sooooooo comfy, i didn't want to get up!
all my joints were loosened up and my hip and shoulder pain is gone!!
i'm 5'7" and about 5 months preggo.
i'm an average size and this fits me perfectly!the only thing i would change is the cover.
it's a poly/cotton blend and it's rough and itchy.
i have a friend who sews and is going to make me a new cover out of better fabric.
other than that, this is the best pregnancy product i've come across (and this is my 4th baby!)
what i wish i could change about it:- it would be nice if the ends were thicker or firmer.
perhaps i just like more head support.- it's expensive- it's bulky- pillow case rah hulk smash raaahhhhhhhhseriously, they need to make it with a zipper or something.
pregnancy hormones + maternity pillow case = someone's gonna pay.otherwise, it's great.
oh my goodness, when i was pregnant i was so miserable at night.
i had extra amniotic fluid, which made my belly heavier than most people's, and it hurt so bad to roll over that i just wouldn't.
i was desperate when i got my snoogle, but i was sooooo glad i did.
i was still generally miserable, but i finally could get semi-comfortable and sleep.
i wish i had gotten it sooner.
i believe i had 72 days to go when i gave in and got it.
i remember debating whether i could make it 72 more days or not.
the snoogle made sleeping so much better.
sooooo, soo much better.
i used it for other things, too.
it's a nice back rest when you do it like a cinnamon roll and stuff like that.i definitely recommend it!
i was very hesitant to spend $53 on a pillow but once i decided to buy it, it has made all the difference!
i've now had it since last september and i still use it every day!
once i found out i was pregnant, i tried to transition from a back/stomach sleeper to a side sleeper and i had a very hard time.
i couldn't get into a deep sleep at all.
with the snoogle, my head rests comfortably on the "c" end and i put the "j" end between my legs.
my hands usually end up hugging the pillow and i switch off on sleeping on my right and left sides.
since i use it every day, it has gotten flatter over time, but it still works and i start my 39th week tomorrow!
my only critique is that its difficult to turn from side to side during the night.
still, it has been the best financial investment during my pregnancy!
this pillow was wonderful for about the first month, then it flattened so much that there was basically no support left.
now my dog thinks it's wonderful because he has a new bed/toy!!
i am pretty sure i did not sleep when pregnant until i got this!
helps you to get into position for a great nights sleep, and have recommended to many over the years
this pillow is awesome, super comfy!!!
it helped me (a lot) to sleep during pregnancy and i still use it!
i did not want to spend this much on a pillow.
but if i had known how much it was going to help i would have bought it months ago.
buy this today!
one disclaimer--if you're used to sleeping with a feather pillow and down comforter, and you don't buy a different cover for your snoogle, you're going to overheat in short order.
it's stuffed with polyester, which is fine--it holds its shape well and supports you--but by itself with this cover, it becomes waaay too hot.
i've only had it for 2 nights, and the first night (without a separately purchased jersey cover) was hot, but with the new cover, i can already tell i'm waking up and flopping around the bed less.the also-pregnant friend who recommended the snoogle to me said her dad got one and likes it for his back trouble, too.
i may have to recommend it to all the poor sleepers in my life.so, snoogle with original cover:  4 stars.snoogle with jersey cover:  5 stars.
i went back and forth with this product while pregnant.
in the earlier months, the cradling effect was nice, but i often found the stiffness of the head pillow area would hurt my neck by morning (i tend to be a stomach sleeper).
as my pregnancy progressed, the shape was much more supportive and helpful.
however, once i got to my 7th month, the pillow wasn't really helpful.
i found that it wasn't thick enough for my legs / knees unless i slept in the exact same position all night.
also, i wish i had gotten one of those full body pillows that allows you to switch sides and have the same support - i tried to use more pillows on the open side, but that rarely worked.
of course, by my 7th month, nothing was really that comfortable so i don't know if another product would have helped much.
my friend lent me her snoogle for my pregnancy, swearing it was the most comfortable thing she'd ever experienced.
i loved it for the first night or so, but then found myself getting repeatedly tangled up in it and unable to maintain the adjustments i needed to sleep comfortably (since the entire pillow is connected, when you move one part, the rest wants to move with it).
i eventually curled it into an "o" shape and now have it against the wall behind the bed to prop myself up while i watch tv.
i also found that it was stuffed too full to give my belly the under-support that it needed.now i'm using a belly wedge and a regular flat, rectangular body pillow, as well as a couple of other supplementary pillows where i need them.
a million times better than this un-tameable monster.
thanks, but no thanks on this one.
i used this pillow for my first pregnancy and fell in love with it;  i am a back sleeper and was often paranoid that i would hurt the baby while sleeping on my back after the 28th week (back sleeping is not allowed after a certain point in pregnancy according to my dr and all the books).
the shape of this pillow keeps me on my side which gave me peace of mind that allowed me to sleep easier.
i also slept more comfortably with a pillow between my knees so this snoogle has it all in one!
no more 7 pillows sliding around in the night just one big pillow that you can adjust how you like it.now that i am in my 2nd pregnancy i thought i didn't need the pillow because i forgot how great it was...
i broke down and used it 2 nights ago and am kicking myself for waiting so long to bring it out.
the only downfall is that it creates a barrier between my and my husband in bed but i can live with that for a good nights rest!
!btw, i am 5' tall and do not find it to be too big for me...
during my first pregnancy, i used a boppy pillow because it was smaller and took up less room in my bed.
that pillow worked ok but for my second pregnancy i wanted something that would support me better.
i bought this during my 4th month and i was able to sleep restfully each night!
i was very impressed.
the reason i am giving this four stars is because into my 8th month i thought it was getting a little flat and i did not feel it held up as well as it should of - after only using it for four months.
of course, by this time in my pregnancy i was uncomfortable a lot (not just when i was sleeping) so this may be a factor too.
i still did not sleep without it!
as far as the size - it is bigger especially since i was used to a bobby sleep pillow which was half the size but i am 5' 8" and and the length of it worked for me!
i didn't want to pay $50 for a pillow that was flat.
i used it for a while, in attempt to flatten it out a little so i could be comfortable.
but alas, i was never comfortable.
nothing about this pillow was comfortable.
and i couldn't see myself using it to support my belly when i was really showing because it was so firm, my belly would have been up in the air instead of level with the rest of my body.i don't know.
maybe if i was a larger woman, i would enjoy this pillow more.
i was 119lbs (pre-pregnancy) 5'5".
it was just a waste of money.also, it comes with a pillow case.
i didn't know that, so i purchased a sage one.
when i went to put it on the pillow, i realized there was already a white one on it.
so it was a waste of money.
this pillow was a life saver while pregnant.
i was having a lot of trouble staying on my side (i would roll onto my back) and this pillow helped with that.
glad to have this product!
at 7 months pregnant it provides the support i need by taking pressure off your hips and belly when side sleeping during pregnancy.
and i am an avid back sleeper, but this helps me to sleep on my side more.
although i do still tend to push the pillow away somehow at night so that i can still get on my back, but i don't end up completely flat on my back (which is good), i end up mor tilted to one side on my back.
but still much, much better off with this.
i could not get through my pregnancy without this pillow.
i initially bought the larger, u-shaped pillow but this one worked better at keeping me from rolling over onto my back .
it is a pain to put the cover on after washing it, but that wouldn't stop me from buying this product again.
i might even keep using it after the baby is born!
i was skeptical at that time but i remember how hard it was every night when i laid down, i cried because of the back pain!
i'm 4'10" & 39 years old, the tummy is too big for my back bone & my age, i guess to carry so it hurt too bad...
this time, i'm 43 & thought i should invest on all things that could help to make my pregnancy better!
i tried this pillow & my bed looks better with only this long pillow instead of 7 ones like the 1st pregnancy.
i have no back pain like last time & i could sleep much better.
i tried different positions the pillow can when i had heart-burnt or when i read books for my daughter before sleep & it helped a lot!i definitely recommend this pillow & its case (people said it's hard to pull the case on it after washing but i had no problem!)
last pregnancy i ordered the &#34;leachco back 'n belly contoured body pillow&#34; (http://www.amazon.com/leachco-belly-contoured-pillow-ivory/dp/b0002e7diq/ref=sr_1_2?s=baby-products&ie;=utf8&qid;=1390183256&sr;=1-2) since i thought having a symmetrical pillow would be easier.
it was hot, and i felt like there was this giant divider between me and my husband.
i also felt like the top of it dug into my shoulder - and i was never quite sure where to put my bottom arm (i'm a terrible side sleeper.
it also seemed to lose &#34;fluff&#34; by the end of a few months.this time i decided to go with the &#34;leachco snoogle total body pillow&#34; - and i'm hooked!
it's super easy to use, intuitive, and takes up so much less space.
i love the support, it's isn't hot like the other pillow - and it allows me to snuggle with my husband if he's on the right side - and added perk!i feel way less 'isolated' in bed with this pillow.
would definitely recommend.
i didn't realize that the cover was removable so i used the pillow without washing the cover first.
i broke out in a rash on both arms for a day after that.
i'd highly recommend washing first (common sense, but again, didn't realize the cover came off).
second issue is that the cover has already torn after just a couple of months of use.
i bought this because all the good reviews of it helping with hip pain.
with my second baby my hip pain was terrible and my body ached after even a short nap.
but when i got this home it was too firm for me...and the head pillow portion just wasn't what i was used to in a head pillow.
i think this is merely personal preference...i only tried it for a couple days and then gave up.
maybe if i would have tried it longer it would have softened up.
but i was an impatient pregnant lady!
i have sense given this pillow to a friend and they adore it.
so cant say it wasn't worth the money,
after purchasing this pillow, sleeping on my side became so much easier because it is so supportive.
my back pain was completely alleviated after i started using the snoogle.
worth every cent spent on it!
i purchased this pillow early on in my pregnancy, and it worked well for the first few months.
however, i found that the pillow really flattened out with use, and i eventually just switched to using multiple regular pillows in order to get enough support.
i am not a large person either (115 pounds before pregnancy), so it didn't take much.
once i made that switch to regular pillows, i found the multiple pillows were much easier to maneuver around.
now that i am in the final weeks and turning is really difficult, i would not go back to the snoogle at all.
while i found this pillow to be sufficiently fluffy, it's really not suitable for those of us that tend to toss a lot during the night.
rolling over with this, especially when under a blanket, is near impossible and i found myself waking up more often to adjust it.
i'm sending it back and getting the smaller one to use with my own pillow for my head.
i was pretty skeptical just looking at the item before my purchase.
i was not a side sleeper before pregnancy and wasn't getting good sleep since the beginning of the pregnancy.
around week 18, i gave up and forked out $50 for this stupid looking pillow.
when i sleep on my side without the snoogle, the arm that is underneath gets trapped and the circulation cuts off and wakes me up in the middle of the night.
since getting the snoogle, i never have this problem.
granted i wake up in the middle of the night to switch positions (or pee) but since my arm doesn't fall asleep, i wake up less frequently.
i like sleeping with hugging the long side more so than the open side as initially pictured.
i read some people complaining about the cover, don't expect a high threadcount and you'll be fine.
during my second pregnancy i was having a lot of trouble sleeping.
i bought this hoping for support for my head & neck.
since i got this pillow i have been sleeping a lot better.
i like the support that it provides for my head/neck/growing belly.i read some reviews that mentioned the pillow case was scratchy.
in addition, i have not found the pillow case as hard to take on/off as others have said.
you just have to gather the pillow case & do it a little at a time.cons: this pillow is big and bulky.
my husband & i have a queen sized bed and this pillow takes up a lot of room.
turning over with this pillow is a bit of a chore as well.other than that this has been well worth the money.
i have been sleeping with this thing for since i was 9 weeks pregnant.
super comfy and since i am a side sleeper it supports my legs nicely.
very good purchase!
the pillow is quite large, which can probably fit for a person 6' tall.
it does occupy quite some space, but not a problem at all for a king-size bed.
the cover is white, which is easy to stain.
overall a good buy!
before pregnancy i never slept on my side - and i really don't like side sleeping.
the snoogle has really helped me be able to sleep on my side or sleep on my back but with the snoogle under one side so i'm kind of propped up on it.
sleeping became really difficult in the 6th month and i am very glad i purchased this pillow.
one caveat is that you need to buy a cover with it - i didn't realize that and ended up trying to wrap mine in a sheet until i had a chance to get a cover.
the material is very scratchy and rough by itself: amazon sells a snoogle with cover for $65, but since i had to buy mine separately i ended up paying $82.96 for the exact same thing.
bummer.i have found that mine kept its shape decently well - it's certainly not as soft as my feather pillows, but i was unable to find something like this made of down/feather.
overall, i would recommend this pillow but don't buy this one: buy the one that includes a cover at the same time!
this pillow saved me!
well, honestly, i don't know anything different bc it was my first and only pregnancy... but i used it every night... you can survive without it...
i did on vacation.
but it was the best!
i tended to have the long part behind me and i'd sort of halfway lean against it and i'd  have it between my legs... and under my head... and i used a regular pillow for my head and a regular pillow under the stomach, which made it so i could lean back on the prego pillow.
i am a side sleeper, but i also like to sleep on my back.
so this pillow made that sort of possible.
i wasn't on my back, but i was at least leaning against something so was better than nothing!
you get tired of sleeping on your left side!!!
oh, also... when i was really far along, i started sleeping with it under my hip versus between my legs... that was when my hips hurt and i wanted to sleep on my back so bad to get the pressure off but you cant!
i had gained 60 lbs during my pregnancy.
this pillow was basically my only shot at a decent few hours sleep...
my &#34;baby&#34; is now 14 months and yet, the pillow has never left my bed.
i love that it's the only pillow that i did.
one for my head, one to hold and on between my legs --- this does it all.
not pregnant, i used to wake up with pain in my lower back and legs.
while it's not totally perfect, this pillow relieves the majority of that.what i don't like about it is that the pillow case is difficult.
you can't wash the pillow itself, but the case isn't too terrible to get off; it's getting it back on that's time consuming.i also think that $50 for a pillow is steep.
but then again, you'll never buy another pillow, so the jury is out on that for me.
this pillow was a lifesaver for me while i was pregnant because i am a stomach sleeper and physically could not do it around 4-5 months since my stomach was so big.
however, a major downside was the difficulty i had removing the cover to wash the case, and it was even worse trying to put it back on.
i gave up at about 8 months prego since i didn't have the patience and just propped up regular pillows between my legs.
offers a lot of support, worth the money  - really good value - i like it better than setting up a bunch of pillows.
after battling 3-4 pillows a night i finally decided to try a snoogle.
i am only 5 months pregnant but its amazing how quick it becomes hard to get comfortable.positives, it replaces 2 of my giant king size pillows giving me a lot more room.
does well for sleeping on one side or partially on your back with your legs propped up.
the loft on this one is pretty high and firm so i have had a hard time using it as my pillow.
i tend to move it to the side and end up using a regular pillow just under my head, which only works because i am short but is still awkward.
i began using this very early on in pregnancy.
i don't think i could sleep without it.
the only thing i would change is the &#34;head part.&#34; i wish it were as big as the lower part.
this was recommended to me by a friend and it was literally the best pregnancy-related suggestion anyone gave me.
i love that the pillow is designed to support the belly or keep the back straight, so i could flip it around depending on where i most needed support.
it is definitely big, so my husband and i didn't get to do much snuggling towards the end of my pregnancy, but a good night's sleep was worth the sacrifice!
bought this for my daughter when she was 4 months pregnant.
7 month pregnant wife liked it at first, but after 1 week she started getting neck pains from it, so she stopped using it.
for some the head portion may be a little high but i always feel like my pillows aren't fluffy enough so this was perfect for me.
and the label shows so many uses, i truly think i will use this long beyond my pregnancy.
i was pessimistic about buying this body pillow at first after seeing some reviews online with mixed reviews.
i was also concerned about the pillow cover that some people had complained was difficult to put on (see my organic snoogle pillow cover review).when i received my snoogle and took it out of the packaging, i was afraid that it was going to take up a lot of our bed.
it worked out just fine and actually took up less space that my regular pillows which i had been piling.
i actually bought the snoogle when i was about 18 weeks pregnant since it was suggested that i start sleeping on my side.now having used it for a bit of time (currently 21 weeks) and having the tummy stick out, i'm really find the snoogle really helps me keep my position.
the great thing is that i can also use it for other things like reading and also feeding the baby later on.
it comes with an insert that shows different ways you can use the snoogle.my favorite way to sleep with the snoogle is either on my left side or right side.
it cradles my back perfectly when i sleep on my left hand side.
sometimes when i unknowingly roll back towards a flat position from sleeping on the left side, the support from the snoogle keeps me still somewhat diagonal without being completely flat.as some reviewers have mentioned, they said that the snoogle gets flat over time and that they wished it was more 'poufy'.
i haven't found any issues with that and have found it to be adequate in height.
although i'm not the type that sleeps with many pillows under my head.the snoogle did come with a very basic cover that is removable for washing however i did opt to buy the organic cover as well.
i am always been a stomach sleeper, so pregnancy sleep was an even bigger struggle than normal.
i bought this pillow early on and couldn't sleep without it.
near the end of the pregnancy, it became harder to get in and out of bed with the pillow in the way, but i just kept the open side facing out, which made it a little easier.
i also found it comfortable to use either side as the pillow, so could easily switch from my right to left side while sleeping without (always) waking up.
being very pregnant, i know i am supposed to sleep on my side.
but i simply cannot do it on my own and always wake up flat on my back.
this pillow kept me on my side for probably 70% of the time (just a rough estimate based on how i find myself when i wake up).
i am thankful for that.
ok, this product is a good invention.
the material is good quality.
but they can really improve on this in many ways...- the section that goes between the legs to align the hips is too thin, they should beef it up to make it thicker, especially because this is pillow is touted as a pregnancy pillow, and pregnant women hips are wide!- what kind of stupid pillow that's this big has a cover without a zipper on it?
has anyone who gave this pillow a 5 star ever tried to take the cover off, wash it, and then put it back on?
especially pregnant women are sweaty!
ugh!- instead of the straight run for the back, a widening in that straight run would've helped either with the big spine curve or with bump support.a word of advice for expecting moms.
i was very skeptical to purchase this product but i did anyway.
the first night was bad; my neck was stiff the next day.
but i didn't want to return it used, so i tried it a second night.
much better and as i used it for the first week it got better.
the snoogle does not go flat, and maintains its shape.
it's not to firm or fluffy, but just right.
you will need a standard pillow or two- one to wedge under your belly if you are a side sleeper and one to put under snoogle to support your neck.
i found my head was lower than my body with just the snoogle which was the reason i had the stiff neck the fist night.
it is  very comfortable when rolled and used to prop up in bed.
i love it now.
i started sleeping better my first night with this body pillow.
before i had anywhere from 3 to 4 pillows taking up a lot of room on our queen size bed.
now i use this plus one other pillow i use for under my preggo tummy - i sleep with the "spine" of the pillow along the back of my body - always.
it doesn't work well for me when it's in the front.
i saved the box it came in so when we travel i can take it with me.
it may seem a little excessive, but hey, a good nights sleep is worth lugging around a pillow whether it's in the car or on the plane.
i got this pillow early in my 2nd trimester and love it!
it's great for side sleeping and back support while sitting up in bed.
i followed other reviewers' advice and air dried the cover then had my husband put it on.
first time i'd been able to "lie" on my stomach in bed.
my amazing hubby proceeded to give me a back rub :)
i'm 25 weeks pregnant currently, and sleeping has become incredibly difficult, especially since i'm a back sleeper.
sleeping on my side causes parts of my body to fall asleep, and while some of that may be because we need to get a new bed, i think most of it is because of pregnancy and i'm not in the habit on sleeping on my side.
when i saw the snoogle at babies r us (for $69!!!!
), i knew i had to have one.
luckily, amazon usually has the products i need for much lower prices, so i immediately put in an order for one.it came yesterday and i had the first restful night i'd had in several weeks.
i'm able to lay on my upper back, but prop my lower body up so that it's slightly on its side.
will probably use this thing even after i'm pregnant :)
i used this throughout my pregnancy, and in those final days when you are so big and your belly is so heavy .
.
.
my husband named it "leroy" because it often was like having a 3rd person in the bed .
.
.
but it saved my back and hips.it was a wonderful present to receive in the beginning of my pregnancy and i recommend it to anyone who wants to congratulate a friend, daughter or sister, etc.the only thing i found which was untrue was using it to nurse after, it is way to long for that.
i tried wrapping around me and then i was pushed forward and i was uncomfy, but the baby was fine ;-) i just passed it on to a non-preggo cousin that has back problems.
my god i love this pillow!
i didn't think that i would be able to sleep with a giant pillow like this but once i tried it, i couldn't give it up.
it took my husband some haggling for me to stop using it after the baby was born!
the only issue is that it would be very helpful if babies r us sold the pillow cases for it.
it looks thin and soft on some photos but it's pretty thick which is good since it gives a good head support and wraps around my legs and behind my back for better support.it's long enough for my height (5'11") so that was a big plus.this pillow does take a lot of space (on a queen size bed) and you'd think it'll support your belly but the belly stays on the side..i thought it was b/c my belly was small at the time but i'm now 30 weeks and it doesn't support it...it can't go on top of the pillow (like some photos seem to show) b/c the pillow's too high in that area..so i bought yet another pillow, a small wedge pillow..i've recently added a standard pillow under for head support b/c of heartburn and i've had 2 extra pillows for my feet b/c they are almost always swollen.although it's not a "husband replacer" (like the salesperson called it) and you do need more than this pillow to sleep comfortably, overall it works good for a body pillow..i thought it would be the only pillow i'd need so that was a little disappointing..and for the price (almost $60) it'd be nice to include an extra cover.
mine came with the pillow and a white cover.
used it thought pregnancy and now to nurse and even sleep.
would recommend or get for any friend who is pregnant.
he even slept better!
i thought using just a standard body pillow was going to be good enough.
nope!
the only &#34;downer&#34; about the pillow is its awkward size and length.....but that's only when its not in use.
otherwise, its been helpful.
my husband even enjoys hugging onto it when i get up before him.
buy it!!
it is definitely big but it's the only pillow i need and i can support my head, belly and legs with just this pillow.
i didn't notice the fabric being scratchy at all.
it's not silky super soft fabric, but it's just fine for me.
and there is a cover on it so i can wash it which is really nice.
it's kind of like another person in our bed but it's worth it!
a friend recommended the snoogle when i asked her about "must haves" during and after pregnancy.
at first i was a little skeptical, especially because it's pretty expensive for a pillow.
i'm so glad that i purchased this!
i'm 22 weeks along and was trying to use regular pillows as props to provide some support and also to prevent me from flipping over onto my stomach at all.
i typically use the snoogle under my head with no additional pillows, have the long side in front to support my belly and then i may or may not use the bottom curve between my kneees.
if i need to roll over i can still use the pillow under my head and between my knees so i don't have to constantly flip it over as i roll.
i'm 5'8" and i fit very comfortably.
it's also been great to use as a prop in bed when i'm reading or watching tv.
i cuddle so close to it that it hasn't been an issue in our queen size bed but it may not work for everyone.
i used it for one night.
bought it for my pregnant wife, who after just one night with it, was singing praises to the manufacturer and me for buying it.
unlike some of the other brands that she's had, the filling in this pillow has yet to bunch up or go flat.
it's big enough that she can rest her head on it and put the other end between her knees for the leg support.
she's 5 foot 10 inches, so this pillow should be large enough for most women.
we've had this for over 7 months and it still looks new.
i am currently six months pregnant and have been using this every night for the past month.
i use it prop myself up at night when i have bad acid reflux, other nights i use it for back support and to have something between my legs to help prevent leg cramps.
i recommend this to any pregnant woman out there looking for a better night sleep!
had been having extreme pain in hips, legs, arms, and back.
i have so far used it for about 4/5 weeks.pros: it does help me fall asleep faster; helps control reflux to a degree ; overall comfortablecons: lost shape after about 2 weeks.
it's currently a long tube, instead of curved.
can be manipulated to tuck in where i need it; tore at seams; i seem to get tangled in it and have a hard time getting up to use the restroom (which is at least 2-3 times a night).
actually fell off the bed in an attempt to get out!
; huge space hog; no cover included and can't wash.overall, i like it simply because i need the support.
i paid less than what's listed, but still feel it's too much.
in my opinion, it's quite overpriced given the quality and shouldn't be more than $25.
i'm worried how well it's going to hold up and if i'll make it to my due date since it's already needed mended in several spots.
i definitely don't think it would last more than a few months.
i kept hoping that there would be a stage of pregnancy when this was comfortable, but it never happened.
for how much space it took up and how difficult it was to arrange it never gave enough support.
i recommend this product for anyone, i will always use this pillow.
not only for pregnancy!
wish i had found this long time ago.
i am 7mths pregnant and had trouble sleeping but this pillow has changed that, i sleep great now!!!!!!!!!
sleep is very important!!!!!!
if you sleep with several pillows just order this and give hubby all the others, i did.
and he is happy too!
sometimes i do put one of the flat pillows under head with snoogle on top, if i want head to be up a little more.
i can not say enough good things about this product.
i bought this pillow when i was 3 months pregnant with twins.
i was already a side sleeper so that helps.
i tried it the way it shows in the picture but after 2 hours my hips were killing me(i have bad hips to begin with).
i love the other positions too.
it is very comfortable and i would definitely recommend this to any pregnant woman.
my husband even uses it sometimes when he thinks i am not looking.
i know this pillow will get many more years out of it since i will most likely still use it after my twins are born.
it made sleeping much easier, and i even kept using it for a little while postpartum.
i still used a standard pillow for my head, but used this for the rest of my body and felt supported and less likely to roll around during the night.my main complaint was that the cover was difficult to replace after washing, and of course it's expensive.
but it did make a big difference for me, which justified the cost.
sleeping while pregnant is not an easy or comfortable task.
i am not sure what i would have done for the last several months without it!
i've been using this snoogle pillow since about the 12 week point.
i can fit the whole pillow in my standard size washing machine and it comes out fine.
i would recommend getting a second cover right away.
they are reasonably priced and it does make laundering more convenient.
i got it when i was about 3 months pregnant.
i didn't start using it nightly until i was about 4-5 months along.
it was a little stiff at first.
however, once it was broken it, it was great!
i use it every night!
he often says that he may buy his own!
it's a great pillow!
the cover is pricey, but worth it.)
i bought this for my pregnant wife.
a lot.
maybe too much?let's start by saying that this pillow seems great.
we were staying away from home recently, and it was at the top of the list of items we had to take with us.how much does she use it?
every night!okay, so it can't be an all-positive review, right?well, there are a few downsides:1) if there will be more than one person in the bed (like dad!)
then make sure you have a big enough bed for mom, pillow, and dad!
in our experience, mom, pillow, and dad do not fit in a double or full sized bed.
queen might be a tight fit for some.
but there is plenty of space in a king-sized bed.2) depending on what side each person sleeps on, and the position of the pillow, dad might find it tougher to get close to mom.
if you've seen the movie "the back-up plan" there is a scene in the playground where stan (alex o'loughlin) talks to "playground dad" (anthony anderson) about the merits of the pillow.
it's not hyperbole.3) i can't comment on how the device might work out during hot summer nights.
during cold new england winter nights, extra pillows under the heavy bedding are fine, but i have no idea whether mom (with her built-in furnace cranked way up) might start to get hot sleeping next to a maximum-contact pillow.
i tend to think, however, that the great comfort provided by the pillow would far outweigh any temperature related discomfort which might occur.gentlemen: buy it for the pregnant lady in your life.
she's love you for it!
i like that it has a removable, washable cover.
would recommend to a friend, and definitely would recommend over boppy.
it is really quite large and feels confining when wrapped all around you under the sheets.
plus, the material is really scratchy and awful - forcing you to shell out additional money for a cover.
mine sits in the corner of my bedroom.
for $20 i bought a body pillow and ultra soft cover at target and i love it and sleep with it every night.
save your money!
i'm 5.5 months along and i couldn't of made a wiser choice when it comes to help my sleep condition.
i'm 5'4 and when i throw this thing on the bed my boyfriend says can you please hug me and not this thing lol.
it literally is the size of a person.
when i purchased it i threw it in the back seat of our small 4door car and it took up a good amount of space.
my girlfriends suggested i get a body pillow when i complained of not sleeping well around week 18.
i looked around online and was going to get a basic one, when  i saw these &#34;fancy&#34; ones.
then i read the reviews and laughed out loud at how many husbands had written them.
when i read jordan b.
's review to my husband, he looked at me and said, &#34;well, you heard the man, buy that pillow!&#34;  so i did.
(i think it was the rancor reference that sold him.
)the only &#34;issue&#34; you might have is maneuvering yourself around it when you're flipping sides in the middle of the night, or trying to get out of bed.
but tossing it onto the floor seems to work just as well as trying to climb over/around it.
i have even taken it on vacation with us.
i've tried all the positions for this pillow.
and it just refuse to stay near my body contour.
i have a fit physique and about 14 weeks prego.
like another review (that i wish i did not ignore), the fabric on this pillow is quite rough, which adds to the discomfort of using this pillow.
who wants to hug a porcupine?
so sad.
i am not sure if the problems are 'fixable' because its my money down the drain.
i did not find this item to be very comfortable at all!
maybe i am too petite for this item but it was not very plyable at all and became far too cumbersome.
it just took up a great deal of space in the bed and was too hard and thick to use under my head.
furthermore, it did not supply enough back support so i prefered to use a heatable neck pillow to support my back.
honestly, you would be better served to purchase a bolster pillow for between your knees and a heatable (chamomile or lavender) beanbag pillow.
spend the fifty dollars on your baby instead!
i used this the entire time i was pregnant.
it worked really well and gave me a lot of support on my back.
one bad thing i didn't realize is that it doesn't come with a cover.
so there was no way to wash it if it got dirty since it's too big for the washing machine.
i didn't bother to repair it and it didn't rip more.
if you're pregnant, buy this pillow right this second.
i couldn't have gotten through my pregnancy without it.
so comfy and helps me sleep so good!!
i got the snoogle when i was 4 months pregnant.
i'm now 8 months pregnant and it has served me well for 4 months!
i love this pillow.
it serves so many functions.
i use it every single night to prop me up as i read in bed (you just fold it into a little ball or "nest" as they call it), and when i sleep, i lay on my left side with the snoogle under my large belly supporting it all through the night.
it's so versatile and if i get sore hips, i just roll over onto the snoogle under my back and it takes pressure off my hips.i should also mention that since the age of 13, i've had a herniated disc in my lower back.
well, thanks to this pillow, i haven't had any problems with my lower back at all in this pregnancy.
if you want to sleep through the night comfortably, i would recommend this pillow.the only negative thing i could think of to say is that sometimes it's difficult if i decide i want to roll over onto my other side.
you have to shift and finagle your way around the snoogle.
but other than that, it's been fantastic.
i fully plan on taking the snoogle with me to the hospital!
this saved my back during my pregnancy!
i was a little hesitant buying it because of some of the reviews, but i am sooo glad i did.
no pillow lasts forever.
so if you expect this one to, you are kidding yourself.
but this one lasted me my whole pregnancy and is still usable for my next one.
i plan to still use it.
i felt like i stopped sleeping basically as soon as i got pregnant.
i'm 16 weeks now, no aches and pains or big belly but somehow being pregnant made me an insomniac.
i have had this pillow for over a week.
haven't tried all the ways you can prop it up yet, but i am sleeping way better now with it.
if i don't have to run to the potty in the night i am now sleeping all the way through the night on this very comfortable pillow.
i am hoping it stays useful after my pregnancy.
some reviewers mentioned a hard stitch in the pillow that sticks out.
that is true, but most of the time i don't feel it.
i haven't ordered the cover yet but probably will.
this pillow was a pregnancy must for me!
early on i had decided all this pillows were silly and unnecessary but boy was i wrong!
great product.
got this for the lady, she didn't care for it.
the part that goes around your body should be firm, and the area near your head should be softer.
its also gigantic and takes up a lot of space.
it was nice that it came with cover.
i can't speak to the specifics of being pregnant, but i can tell you from a dad's perspective that my pregnant wife really, really loved this thing.it's big.
it's bulky.
it takes up a lot of room in our queen bed.
dads, don't hesitate if your wife wants one of these.
pros: felt soo much better sleeping with this than just stacks of random pillows.cons:1) we had a full/queen bed and between myself and this pillow my poor husband had virtually no space.
he was a trooper though and never complained!2) by the end of my pregnancy i felt that i had flattened the head portion to the point it wasn't helping very much.
for this it gets 4 stars.
it is promoted to be more firm of a pillow than the boppy or other competing brands.
it started out that way for sure but i smothered it to death, and now it is limp.
for a lot of people they may not feel this way or be as picky as me but i love extra firm pillows.
so if you are like me you may keep this in mind.3) removing the case and washing it is a giant pain in the behind.
that was a battle i was determined to win because clean linens are my happy place.all in all, it was still worth the purchase and gave me many good nights sleep.
i would buy it again, and just might have to with another pregnancy to keep the firmness i prefer.
i didn't purchase this product from amazon, i got in in a local store, but unless you just have money to blow on crap you don't need, do not buy this stupid thing!
i liked it at first, but my baby isn't even born yet and i already hate this thing!it takes up way too much space on the bed, the pillow itself is so firm, it gives me headaches to lay my head on it all night.
i should have gotten a small wedge pillow for a fraction of the cost.
i paid $40 for the pillow, and another $20 for the horrible cover (which i did buy on amazon, and wrote a separate review for).i could have gotten a body pillow from walmart for $10, and a few pillow cases for a few bucks each.
this thing is a pain in the butt and i can't possibly see how anyone who has actually used this thing on a regular basis for a few months would still like it.if you have the money to waste on something you might hate, be my guest, but i wish i'd never bought this monstrosity or it's cheaply-made cover.
i'd much rather have my $60 back.
this pillow sounds like a good idea, but it is a little soft.
i think it would've benefitted from being plumper.
the covering is very rough, even after several washes, it feels rough and itchy, like cheap linen.
for the price of the pillow, a higher thread count for the covering would've gone a long way!
then my toddler barfed in our bed, and some of it unfortunately splashed on snoogle.
snoogle's cover had to be washed.
snoogle's cover is very snug, without a hint of stretch.
snoogle's one cover opening is in a very awkward location.
i was so frustrated with trying to put snoogle's cover back on after washing that i left it off and left the pillow bare.
big mistake.
snoogle's supportive secret is in its cover because when left without, it's basically a flat blob of cheap batting that stores body heat like an extra-lumpy camel and then spits it back at you during the night.
why do people devise ways to frustrate pregnant women?
finally, today, i put snoogle's cover back on, and after a half-hour of twisting, writhing, cursing and taking two breaks ...
i got the stupid cover back on but didn't even have a post-coital glow as an added benefit.my recommendation?
it's what i had for my first pregnancy.
we simply used two king cases to cover it, and i had no problem curving it to fit between my knees as needed.
the first few nights of using the leachco snoogle were very restless.
the stuffing felt too firm on my head and neck.
due to the shape of the pillow, if you try to move it to another position (in my case, the coiled position for sitting to a side lying position), be careful.
the top of the pillow uncoiled, knocking down the contents of my nightstand.
due to hip pains, i cannot stay on one side very long, so swapping the pillow back and forth throughout the night can get a bit frustrating (for you and your partner).
on a positive note, this pillow feels great tucked under my belly and between my knees for support.
after it has been broken in a bit, it's not as firm on my head and neck.
i am just about 6 months along now, and have had a lot of trouble sleeping since month 1.
i don't know how i could live without this pillow!
i don't think i'm going to be able to give it up after the baby is born!
my husband is much happier now too, since i am no longer tossing and turning and waking him up.
also the cover is really not too difficult to put on, i was able to do it in only a few minutes.buy this pillow, it's more than worth the money!!!
thank goodness i borrowed this- it's really not something i would want to waste my money on!!!
!first of all, it's big.
but that's not a dealbreaker, i can handle big.
not like my huge fort knox of pillows was smaller!
but do note that it's a nice wall between you and hubby.
but it's easier to get out of bed this way!the portion of the pillow which is supposed to go between the legs is really annoying- when you roll over (which happens), you need to untangle your legs from that part.
what a bother!i do like the curvature around the neck/shoulders.
i find it very comfortable, but i think it contributes to sleeping on my back (which i find myself doing).all in all, i probably wouldn't buy a preg pillow, but if i did, i would either buy a big u-shaped one (which you would need to climb out of when getting out of bed), or the candy-cane variety, not the "c" shape.
it just doesn't work for me....(off note, i have noticed my sciatica is much better since sleeping with this thing.
i'm not sure that's related or not- things change so fast with pregnancy!)
i use it to support my back, belly and neck mostly.
it can be a bit cumbersome, but instead of trying to get out of the pillows grasp, i remove the pillow from the bed instead.i am only 5'2&#34; and there is quite a bit of extra pillow -but i just wrap it farther around my body and it's very comfortable!tag reads that it meets california's flame retardant standards but even brand new, right out of the package, there was no toxic smell.
i had a rough first trimester with my second pregnancy and this pillow made sleeping a non issue for me.
even when i was only 7 weeks along sleeping was hard because my stomach was uncomfortable and bloated.
this pillow supported my entire body and made me feel like i was being snuggled by a huge comfy teddy bear.
now that i am almost 20 weeks pregnant and my stomach is much bigger, this pillow supports my stomach and back so well and keeps the aches and pains of pregnancy at bay.
after my baby is born i plan on using this pillow, and probably for the rest of my life even, it's just too comfortable.
i also sleep in a queen size bed with my husband who weighs over 200 pounds and we have no problems with this pillow taking up too much space.
i know some reviews of some pregnancy pillows say it's not appropriate unless you have a king size bed.
i was experiencing shoulder pain from sleeping on my left side, as is recommended for pregnant women during their 2nd trimester.
my hips were having a hard time of it as well.
this pillow really helped a lot.
i also purchased a wedge for my tummy - i look like a cocoon of pillows!
it really helps me stay on my side - before i would wake up kinda dizzy and find myself on my back - this helps.
i've had it for a month or so and it retains its shape.
the only complaint i have is the pillow cover is hot - i wish it were made of 100% cotton.
i found a replacement cover made by the company that is 100% cotton and it cost $30!
i thought that was kind of rip.. bringing the cost of pillow to a whopping $80?
... but i'm most likely going to splurge and get it, because being pregnant and super hot at night is not comfy.
i wish i could cut the top part off.
you must get the cover for it, the material is unbearably scratchy on its own.
this whole thing is too expensive and i wish i didnt buy it,.
i was hesistant to purchase the snoogle because it was so darn expensive.
did i really want to spend almost 50 dollars on a pillow?
but when i kept tossing and turning and couldn't find a comfortable position to sleep in, i gave in and purchased the snoogle.
this thing has become a life saver!
i've been using it everynight since being pregnant and i even take it with me when i need to go on overnight trips.the snoogle already has a cover on it that you can remove to wash so there is really no need to buy a slip cover.
also you can shape it to any form so it can be used to prop yourself up when reading a book or watching tv.
i'm thinking it might even come in handy once the baby is here.
i was worried about buying this pillow as i have heard it's on the large side.
i am finding i fall asleep much faster with the pillow than i did without it.
it has take some of the pressure off of my hips while i sleep.
i have even caught my husband using it when i'm not!
i can't wait to get the pillow broken in just a little more.
i look forward to using it with the different layouts they gave with the pillow!
pre-pregnancy, i was a stomach-sleeper.
at about 13 weeks, it became impossible to sleep on my stomach, and therefore impossible to get comfortable enough to sleep.
after 2 months of use now, i could not live without this pillow!
it makes it easy and comfortable to sleep on my side; no more tossing and turning all night.
i use it not only for sleep, but i also fold it up and use it as back support when laying up in bed, which is an added bonus (it comes with instructions on multiple ways to fold and use)!
i can also see it being useful for feeding when the baby comes.
i do have two small complaints, the first being that after too much use in one position, it gets kind of flat.
however, it's nothing that a little 'fluffing up' can't fix.
the other is the cover it comes with; its white (easy to stain with any little trace of makeup) and a little on the rough side.
however, those complaints aren't enough to make me take away a star.overall, i would highly recommend this pillow.
it has been a life saver for me so far.
it was very painful sitting, so i folded up the pillow and sat on it.
because it is big, the height it provided over using a boppy or other pillow to sit on was great.
yet another use for an already extremely useful product!
i have used it every day since then!!!
i also recommend you get some kind of pillow case for it as it comes with a cover, but it is extremely difficult to take off and put back on when you decide to wash it.
couldn't live without this pillow.
i was a stomach sleeper now that i'm pregnant i can't do that.
this seriously helped me make the switch.
love the body pillow, just wish the case would be easier to put on.
i love this pillow.
i'm 28 weeks pregnant and have been using it since i was 15  weeks.
i don't think i'd be able to sleep without it.
if you are on the fence wondering if it's worth it to spend the money... just buy it.
seriously.
a good night's sleep is worth it.pros:so comfortablestays between knees no matter which side you're facingcons:the cover is a serious pain to put on - even without drying itthe jersey zip cover wasn't any easierhard to get out of bed while pregnant when the long side is along the edge of the bedmy husband got jealous hahabecause the cover is so much of a pain to put on, i would use a regular rectangle pillow case cover and put it over the side where my face touched so that i could wash it more frequently.
i have horrible back pain even when i'm not pregnant.
when i was pregnant the first time my back pain was 10x's worse.
i didn't really think these maternity pillows would work and i didn't want to spend the money on a bum product.now that i'm pregnant again i don't want to suffer through the back pain.
there were times when it would take me 15 minutes to get out of bed, the first time i was pregnant.
i decided to get a maternity pillow this time because the back pain was already starting in the first trimester.after seeing how highly rated this product was i decided that it would be the best one to get.
i also got a 20% amazon mom coupon that this item qualified for.
i like my head to be propped up and i usually use three pillows to achieve that when i'm sleeping.
plus that always gave me a crick in my neck and this way doesn't anymore.it's not that bukly in bed.
what i do is i put it on the outside so that i can either face it or have my back to it.
it's like a pillow bean bag chair for him.
he likes it so much he falls asleep in it.
i wouldn't recommend a smaller child and there is a warning label that says not for younger children.i wish i had this pillow with my first pregnancy, but i'm glad i have it for my 2nd.
i have had this pillow for only a few months now.
i got it at the beginning of my 2nd trimester, and now i'm nearing the beginning of my 3rd trimester.
within that time, the stuffing inside of the bottom part of the pillow has thinned out, making my legs too close together.
i need more spacing between my knees so that my hips don't hurt when i sleep.
painful hips from sleeping on your side is so annoying, if you haven't experienced it already, you just might if you are using this pillow.
in addition to this, the head part of the pillow is too flat.
i struggle with sleeping on this as a pillow because my neck hurts.
overall i do not recommend this product.
don't fall for the same trap i did!!!
when i read reviews all over the internet, women spouted that *this* is the best pillow on the market.
so i excitedly added it to cart and awaited the arrival of my new comfort.
i was expecting something more, i suppose because what came out of the package was disappointing.pros-folds easily to  position yourself differently.
nice to have for propping up in bed.the length is decent.
keep in mind, tall moms like me may find that it's a bit short.cons -the width of the actual pillow part is very narrow.
this makes for not much support area between knees or thighs.
the pillow does fold, but it seems awkward to keep it like that.it is very squishy and gives just too much.
the stuffing should be firmer and more supportive.
i was hoping for more support and comfort for my hips during sleep.
no dice.the pillow is cumbersome and annoying to turn over during sleep.
sleeping on one side is just not a reasonable expectation.
i think in the future i will go for a pillow that is a full u shape.the covering it comes with is rough and likely needs to be washed and softened a bit.
maybe a pregnancy thing or it really is that scratchy.
it's a woven material, feels very cheap to me.
all i can say is that i would not have made it through my pregnancy without this pillow.
very early on in my pregnancy, my hips and back started hurting me during sleep.
i literally could not sleep without this pillow.
when we went out of town for the weekend, i brought it with me.
it's versatile: you can fold it into different shapes for various needs.
it can help prop you up if you're having a particularly bad reflux night, you can use it under your legs for elevation after a long day at work, or the traditional flat shape to help you sleep at night.my husband also loved it.
every time i would get up to use the bathroom or get something, i would come back and he would be curled up in my snoogle!
i'm 9 mos.
pregnant and have gone through 3 body pillows this pregnancy.
first one i had already, as i normally slept with a body pillow pre-pregnancy.
2nd one: i'd bought the beyond down gel fiber bed pillow about 6 mos.
ago and it started to have a crease in the middle.
3rd one: bought the leachco snoogle total body pillow a couple of months ago and, although the shape of it's appealing, it's a lot thinner than i expected.
it comes with a thin cover so plan on buying one of their specialty covers if the white isn't your thing.
for the $50+ i paid for it i can't say it's any worse or better, but i have switched back to the beyond down gel fiber bed pillow for the time being because i didn't like not having a pillow i could adjust at my leisure.
the sloogle acts as a head pillow, which got annoying after a while when i wanted to switch sides (it certainly was a chore with 2 people in a queen size bed).if standard body pillows (i.e.
the rectangular ones) aren't your thing, this is worth a shot.
but if you move around a lot, it might not be worth blowing the $50+.
silly me, i love it!
we have a king size bed and this thing is like sleeping with a third person.
it takes up so much room and it too cumbersome to move around especially when you are dealing with a baby belly.
i hated sleeping on my side, and i unfairly blamed a lot of it on the pillow, but the pillow wasn't to blame.
it is large and took up most of our queen size bed, but really came in handy, especially toward the end of my pregnancy.
also, the cover is zippered and washable, but a pain to take off and put back on.
this pillow is well constructed, but just too large.
we have a king mattress and it just took up too much of the space.
i bought this product when i was 4 months pregnant with twins.
i started experiencing back and hip pains and decided it was time to try this pillow.
ultimately my only problem with body pillow is that it is bulky.
at night, it didn't really help with the hip pain as i was still laying with my hips against the matress and no where near the pillow (unless you lay on top the pillow which seems almost impossible when your pregnant).
i went to the bathroom a lot at night and had troubles finding the right position upon returning from the bathroom.in the end it is a great product, but not one you will use on a nightly or even daily basis!
i end up in more pain.
i like using my own pillow but i can't seem to with this.
it's just awkward.
it got such great reviews too but a regular cheap body pillow from target was way better than this.
i bought this pillow after trying out several different brands and styles in the big-box baby store.
the snoogle, although slightly more expensive than the other brand, seemed to have a better quality and design.
after one night sleeping with the pillow i am hooked.
i love the versatility and that if i roll over i can just cradle it the opposite way.
i can't believe i waited until 21 weeks to get this snoogle!the snoogle is about $20 less on amazon than the big-box baby store, so try it out in the store and then order it online.
the price difference means you can order the pillow and a replacement cover for the same price as you would pay for the pillow alone in the store.
it does come with a thin cotton cover but it is not the prettiest or the softest.
i will be looking for another cover soon.i couldn't be happier with the snoogle - even paying full price for it!
i bought this pillow a week ago and have noticed a huge difference in how much more sleep i am getting.
i am 5 months pregnant and am not dredding the next 4 months.
i wish i had it during my first pregnancy 7 yrs ago and when i was pregnant with twins 5 years ago.
bought this in a fit of being uncomfortably pregnant.
i just used a sheet as a cover, but it wasn't ideal.
i didn't want to buy the special covers because the whole thing was an experiment and the cases weren't 100% cotton.
overall, i liked the pillow.
it's pricey and i highly recommend trying to get one from a friend or acquaintance instead of purchasing new.
i'm not sure that using a few normal pillows wouldn't have worked just as well.
it does take over the bed.
i was shocked when my wife could suddenly sleep through a night of her pregnancy with this thing.
thank god.
this pillow is for a much larger person than me.
in the beginning i couldn't sleep with it because i couldn't move around in bed, and thought maybe when i was bigger and further along i'd need the support.
it's still too big for the bedroom but it's nice for cuddling on the couch or back support and all that.
overall, i wish they'd have a few sizes.
that's when i went in search of a good pregnancy pillow and found the embarrassingly named, but effective snoogle.
it took some getting used to - i'm 6 feet tall and this thing still strikes me as big.
i can't imagine how a petite woman would sleep with it!
it's especially come in handy when using my laptop in bed - with the tightly curved portion as a neck pillow and the long side supporting my arm.
it's also easy to coil up and put under your legs for considerable height and support (i imagine it would be great for back problems or elevating a sprain) - plus the fact that it can twist around so easily makes it easy to fold up and store.the cover has worn well - and it's stayed clean and plush.
i'd definitely recommend it if you're in need of heavy duty support.
just make sure you have a big enough bed or a partner who's willing to share with your newest sleep buddy.
i really liked this pillow.
i still like it, and i would still recommend it, but i don't think it is an idea pillow after 25 weeks or so.
you have to massage it and work the pillow to loose that firmness.
i ended up having to take the cover off the pillow to help loosen it up.
used that case as a template to sew a new one with a little more room.
best thing for pregnancy.
however, when we brought it out of storage for my second pregnancy, i realized i had really flattened it out last time.
since the directions and website specifically warn against washing and/or drying the pillow (to fluff it up, in my case), what are you supposed to do?
i see how that (as of may 2013) the pillow is $47 prime.
so for $100 i would expect the pillow to not be pressed to half fluffiness after one pregnancy.another con is that the pillow is just huge.
i realize that it's a full-body pillow, but for me (and i will specify that i am petite - 5'1" about 150 lbs.
pregnant) it is just sooo big and to be honest, it kindof annoys me that i'm 2 or 3 feet away from my husband as we sleep.
i kinda like him!yet another con is the horrible, horrible, horrible quality cover that my husband allegedly paid $20 for.
the material is the cheapest, crappiest of cottons.
considering it's touching your whole body, this is really a ridiculous way to cut corners for your product.
my advice?
buy the pillow and take off the white cover.
give it to a friend who knows how to sew along with $20 and ask her to please indulge you and whip up a cover made of nice quality cotton.
while you're at it, ask if there's a way she can improve upon the one small cut in the fabric that's supposed to slide over the pillow, because after washing, this cover is a _____ to put back on the pillow, especially if you're home alone.
there is one slit near one end, and you have to wad it up and slide it on like pantyhose (remember those?!
), except you're rubbing cotton against cotton so the friction turns this weekly chore into something more of a wrestling match, and has caused more than a few meltdowns and cursing fits in my household.i'm looking for a new pillow now and am definitely going to keep washability, space, and durability in mind.
i checked the online reviews of this product before spending the money on it.
i was having difficulty getting comfortable and sleeping at night so i decided to try the snoogle.
i have since returned the snoogle.
the top curve was in the way of my regular pillow and the bottom curve was never in the right spot if i had the long part of the pillow up against me.
i prefer the regular body pillows and find much more comfort using them-for a lot less money.
i thought it was too indulgent to buy a pillow during pregnancy and had read that regular body pillows are just fine.
well ... after a few friends had this one, i bought it on amazon and i am so glad i did!!
not only is it the only pillow i sleep with now (to my husband's delight, because he gets all the bed pillows now), but i also use it to sit up in bed and wrap around me.
sitting up with one end wrapped under my legs and one end wrapped around my belly makes for a super comfortable &#34;bed chair&#34; or something like that!
i registered for an additional slipcover too.
my husband and i were worried we wasted fifty bucks on this pillow.
while i tried many-a-time to sleep with the pillow, it didn't make the cut.
i prefer down pillows, i need lots of squish, the snoogle is really for those that prefer a firmer pillow, i share a queen bed, so the snoogle was also somewhat of a hazard.
my poor husband would have to shield himself in case one of the contorted ends came flying as i constantly repositioned myself.
it would be nice, on that note if the pillow was a bit more flexible or if one end was straight.
i fell asleep with it once and felt many awkward pains in my neck, shoulders and back.however, all was not lost, it turns out that it can be a wonderful bumper to put around your baby if she happens to fall asleep on your bed.
my husband and i immediately realized we hadn't bought the snoogle in vain.
washing the cover is a little challenging cuz it's hard to put the cover back but overall a great pillow.
i even brought it to the hotel once...but do consider how big your bed is...we have no more room for the puppies since the pillow got here but, i slept so much better.
i got this at month 5 when my belly was just starting to grow.
i am normally a side sleeper.the shape of this pillow did not fit my body correctly(because of the pre-shaped curves) if you put the head curve under your head your arm will fall asleep & i normally sleep with my arm under my head, so i don't get it.
my belly was not supported & i still woke up with back pain.it takes up way too much room in a queen size bed, pushing dad 2 be almost to the floor!
i still found myself wanting to flip & could not do so without constantly waking my husband.i think this pillow may work for some, yet not for me.
i will just stick with multi-pillow props.
i couldn't imagine sleeping while pregnant without the snoogle!
i even recommend it to others with back problems (men and women.)
i don't think my husband as as crazy about it, it is pretty bulky.
i really wish that the cover was a nicer fabric and easier to clean.all in all though, it is a genius product that really meets the needs of pregnant women!
i ordered it near the beginning of second trimester and use it every single night.
i've been having less back pain since i ordered this.
the only downfall to this is the cover.
the one that comes with it isn't very soft (it's not terrible but the rest of your bedding will probably be softer) and it is soooooo hard to remove and particularly put back on.
i'd recommend upgrading the case even though it's not necessary.
i went for the ones that were a little more expensive and had a zipper closure cause it's a pain in the butt when you want to wash your pillow case!
initially, the upper curve was rather thick & firm, and too high for my neck - i'd wake up achy or with a stiff neck.
but the rest of the pillow worked so well for me i stuck with it, and after maybe 3-4 weeks, the head part softened to where it is now comfortable most of the time.as another reviewer mentioned also happens to her, i sometimes wake up on my back, very comfortably cradled by snoogle, the one curve under my head and the other behind my knees.
but the thing is - pregnant women aren't supposed to sleep on their backs b/c it can restrict oxygen and nutrient flow to the fetus.
this isn't the pillow's fault, i do get that, but one reason i bought it was to keep me on my side, so i wanted to pass this along to anyone else who might be considering it for this reason.
it helps, but it doesn't prevent back-sleeping.pros: (1) one pillow to maneuver; firm but soft enough to be comfortable; (2) it's a good size for me (now that the neck area has softened) @ 5'4" and 143 pre-preg weight; (3) while not percale, the pillowcase feels fine to me, tho i do also plan to make a second cover out of a softer knit jersey; (4) while my sleep is still broken up, i'm able to get longer stretches with snoogle than i was when using regular pillows; (5) there is less room in the bed, but i can still fit myself & snoogle onto my half of our queen-size mattress.con: (1) the price (it's just basic pillow filling, not down or gel or anything fancy; polyfil costs a couple bucks a bag so i really think they are making $30+ profit per pillow); (2) the cover is hard to take off and put on; velcro, buttons, or a zipper would have been a much better approach; (3) maneuvering it under the blankets in winter is tricksy - i have to throw back the blankets, lift up the pillow, move my body, then put the pillow back.
often i (inadvertently, i swear!)
smack my husband in the head with the upper curve while trying to extricate the lower curve from the sheets.
gets old quick, esp as i'm up 4-8x/night; and (4) when it's in the middle of the bed, my husband tends to hug it as a body pillow, further complicating this extrication/flipping process.
again, not the pillow's fault, but amusing.
so helpful to get comfortable at night!
must get for pregnant women!
i hesitated to get one but not regretting the decision.
i was having some lower back pain early in my second trimester and the snoogle proved a good cure.
for me it was a wise investment, though many women could get similar results sleeping with a regular pillow between their knees.some other reviewers complained that the snoogle had a rough exterior, but i found the cover (which is included with this model) to be smooth with a texture much like a decent pillowcase (without the cover, yes the snoogle is rough).
i also found the stuffing inside the snoogle to be quite sufficient - enough to provide some support, but not so much that the body pillow felt hard.as a petite woman (5'2") i worried before my pillow arrived that i might need a smaller mini-snoogle, but again i found this (the regular size) to work just fine.
yes, this is a large pillow that will take up bed space, but in a queen there's plenty of room for a snoogle, two normal-size people, and even a couple cats.
all-in-all i found snoogle to be a good product and a wise investment.
i used this so well while i was pregnant!
i think this pillow is a must for any pregnant woman who struggles with sleep at night.
it is however really large and it took me a few nights to learn how to sleep with it (almost like there is a technique to it).
but once i figured it out, my sleeps have been as good as they're going to get while being pregnant.
i sleep comfortably with this pillow.
my only disappoint is that i wish they made a cover for it so that i can wash it.
i did a lot of research before buying this pillow and i chose it because it was priced right and had high reviews.
when i got it, i'm not going to lie, i was disappointed.
it is big and bulky and i had no idea how to use it.
the suggested uses didn't work for me.
however, after working with it i have found a way that i can sleep with it and it is comfortable and now i'm to the point where i need it to sleep.
also, i have a couple small male dogs, they like to sometimes mark new items and to my horror they marked my pillow.
i washed it and dried it in my washer and dryer and it came out perfect!
i was pretty excited to buy and use snoogle during my pregnancy but when i got it it didn't really fulfill my expectations.
if you belong to the group of people who wake up in exactly the same position as they fell asleep - great, maybe it'll work for you.
if, however, you move at night, you will wake up every time you turn.
every time.
i tried sleeping with it a couple times and ended up throwing it on the floor since i don't like it to wake me up all the time - that kind of defeats the purpose.
it's also way too big (the size of a human), too heavy and too firm.
you won't be able to support your belly on it, only sort of lean on it.
at first i thought i would give it a chance and try it when my belly gets bigger but now that i'm 8 months pregnant, i prefer a walmart $5 body pillow way better.
at least you can control and adjust the pillow to you, and not the opposite.
the other bad thing is that the covers for this thing are more than half of the price of the pillow.
i bought my snoogle at babies r us and it did not come with a cover so that's kind of a pain, too.
my advice - not worth the money if you are a tosser and turner.
i'm 17 weeks pregnant and have been using this pillow for about 2 weeks after a body pillow wouldn't keep me on my side.
i love this thing, i wake up in the same position i fall asleep in, so i know i'm not rolling onto my back.
it's not too bulky either.
i'm 5'7'' and my husband is 6'3'' and we still have enough room in our queen bed.the only slight drawback is that it does such a good job of keeping me from moving that i wake up when i need to roll over because my hip or shoulder hurt.
but it's worth it to know i'm staying on my side.almost a year later and i wish i could give this more stars!!
i loved it all through pregnancy - it kept me comfortable when i got huge and i was so very glad to be able to sleep.
i'm updating because my husband is sleeping on it now after hurting his back today.
he was finally able to get comfortable after i pulled my giant pillow out of the closet.
this pillow sounded like the best thing in the world.
i got it out to try it and immediately found that i was too tall for this pillow, unless i slept in a curled position (i am 6ft tall).
for the money this should have been the best thing ever.
i was so bummed, i really thought this was going to be great.
so i went and found a 10 dollar body pillow and a 10 soft cover.
i also get to use my own head pillows.
wish i could have gave this a better review!
loved this pillow w my 2nd pregnancy (wore it out and didn't like it w my 3rd).
highly recommend buying a cover for it.
the one it comes w is fine but like cheap fabric balls up after just a couple weeks.
and like i mentioned i wore it out so to use it for another pregnancy it just wasn't to par anymore.
probably could have put more stuffing in it but i didn't.
at 7 months pregnant my back was killing me.
i bought this based on the reviews and i'm so glad i did.
after the first night i noticed a huge difference and after a few more days, my back pain was gone.
i gave birth back in january and i still use it---it's just that comfortable.
i've had it for 8 months now and it's a little bit flatter than i'd like but still does the job.
fully recommend to all preggos suffering from back pain.
i just wish i'd had bought it earlier on!
this pillow is supposed to envelope you and fit under your head but i don't find it a fulfilling neck pillow so i end up using a regular pillow for my head and contorting the snoogle to work for my lower body.
its okay, but in hindsight, a product i could have lived without.
if there was a way to give this 6 stars, i would.
i can't say enough how much i love the snoogle.
i tried using a pillow btw my knees, then a body pillow, and both would go flat.
i slept so good once i got this!
this is a very comfortable sleep aid, especially for the third trimester.
the fact that you can use it in several positions, including for sitting up in bed is the best.the only negative issue is the cover, which is very cheap.
i recommend buying a replacement cover.
i didn't purchase any pregnancy pillow for my 1st pregnancy but i had a really hard time with the 2nd one.
i was put on bed rest and as the time went by, it was harder and harder for me to find a comfortable position to stay in bed.this pillow does wrap around your body, but it does not have enough back support as i expected.
i wish the long straight part could be a little bulkier and firmer so that it could provide better back support.
i ended up propping a pillow behind my back in addition to using this pillow.
the part to rest my head on is quite comfy though.i remembered reading about how rough the material of the cover was.
it is true that the fabric is rough, but i got used to it after a few days!
i just didn't care for this at all.
the head part was not high enough for me - i am a two pillow sleeper.
the curve drove me batty because this pillow did not eliminate the need to toss and turn, just made it harder.
couldn't figure out the belly support feature - just didn't help me.
doesn't come with a case which is $20 and all in all i think just knowing i am sleeping on a $40 pillow makes me uncomfortable!
i returned it the next day - just not worth it.
i'll stick with my pillow arsenal - it's not ideal but it's free and works just as well as this.
the quality of my sleep has improved and i have fewer aches and pains when i get out of bed.
it sounds crazy but this pillow seriously changed my life.
my mother bought me this to help me sleep during my pregnancy.
this is my first pregnancy so very quickly i found it hard to sleep on my sides 100% of the night...
i usually flop between each side or end up on my back.i am not that far along right now so its hard to sleep with the pillow.
i know it will be a lot better when i can rest my belly on it once i am bigger.
but for now since i am still able to roll on my back i find myself in akward positions on the pillow and waking up with a sore shoulder.the cover is very itchy and you are going to want to take it off and wash it in some hot water with fabric softener to get that scratchy feeling out of it.
it is big though, so if you are sharing a small bed with someone it will be an adjustment.
luckilly we have a nice king size bed so there's room for the pillow and everyone else.
i bought a snoogle at about 5 months pregnant because i could no longer stand the terrible lower back pain i was waking up with night after night.
it's not nearly as nice to put my head on as my regular pillow.2) it gets quite hot.
if i try to sleep with this plus a sheet and blanket i wake up covered in sweat, even though it's the middle of winter.
i'd have to imagine it's even more uncomfortable during the summer.3) it's very bulky and awkward, especially when you have to get up to pee 3+ times a night.
and you can forget about going to sleep snuggled with your partner!4) the straight back portion doesn't do a great job of conforming to my body, so it doesn't always give support where i need it.
pulling it tight under my head and between my legs helps, but i find myself having to readjust frequently.with all of that aside, i'm still glad i bought it - my back pain isn't totally gone but it's nowhere near as bad as it used to be, and that alone makes it worth it to me.
i do like how thoughtful the makers of this product are.
i also developed a lot of back pain during pregnancy which stuck around afterwards and got worse with my second pregnancy.
this pillow helps me sleep better which is so important with two little ones to keep up with.
the pillow itself isn't the most firm which is what made this product a 4 instead of a 5 in my book.
washing the pillow cover also sucks but it's still worth it for the many comfy positions i could use.if you're looking for more tips on the best baby products out there, visit the websit allmomsareperfect.com.
you'll get down to earth reviews based on a ton of research, a stroller shopping guide, and how to navigate your first few months of parenthood.
there's a must-have baby registry list which tells you what you don't need and what can wait too.
i have had this pillow for about 3 months now.
i definitely like sleeping with this better than just a normal pillow under my head and between my legs.
i went on vacation recently and was debating whether to lug it along, so i tried sleeping with normal pillows for a couple nights.
it made me realize how much more comfortable i can get with the support from this pillow.i followed another reviewer's suggestion to cover the top of the pillow with a pillow case- great idea.
that's the main area that i like to change often, anyways, and covers what other reviewers said was scratchy.
the rest of the pillow seems fine with the cover it comes with, not too scratchy for my body at all.when you first get the pillow, the head part does seem a little fluffy, but after using it a week or so, it flattens out a bit and has pretty much stayed the same from that point.i like the different positions that you can get from this pillow, and i switch sides throughout the night to take advantage of them both.
this is a bit annoying because of how the bottom curves so much, but the curve does help support your back when using it that way, which really is nice, so i guess i'm glad for it.here is an overview of the two ways i use this pillow:belly toward pillow: you can prop up one arm, have legs either bent and totally supported or out with knees supported, and tuck the back support under your rear which keeps your back supported.belly away from pillow: allows you to lay your whole back on the pillow, relieving pressure from your side, and lets you stretch your legs out (or bent).
a little pricy, but i have definitely appreciated it (especially because i am expecting twins, so my belly was larger earlier and will be for longer!)
my advice is to buy it as soon as possible!
i've used it for sleeping (obviously), lounging, reading, sitting, nursing, laying down on my stomach and numerous other ways.
i credit it alone with helping me sleep through the night for as long as my pregnancy bladder would allow.
it has travelled all over with us and made hotel beds and car rides bearable, even at 41 weeks along.
it does take some getting used to and can seem like a cumbersome pain initially but then one morning you wake up feeling incredible and not even realizing that you fell asleep and you're in love.
i purchased this pillow when i was pregnant in 2010/2011 and i loved it.
i was very comfortable using it and i felt like the footprint of the pillow was not much bigger then the space i normally use on my side of the bed.
i didn't feel like it was so big that my husband was being pushed off the bed, which was good!i love this pillow!
i didn't want to give it up even after i had my son.
i didn't have any sleeping issues with my pregnancy and it kept me very comfortable.
it hugs my body and supports my hips, back, and stomach.i always recommend this pillow to my pregnant friends!
i love this pillow.
i am 5 months pregnancy and this is helping me with my lower back pain.
does it work?i received this as a very thoughtul gift at around 4 months in my pregnancy (i do have to admit that probably would not spend this much on myself);  at 4 months i didn't really need it;  at 5 months (or around there), once you are told that you should not be sleeping on your back, i tried it out.
i didn't like it at first, but as your tummy grows and you get increasingly more uncomfortable, this pillow helped with lower back discomort and to support a growing belly.
i'm about 5'1 there was more then enough 'real estate' to give me support where needed.
it also didn't take most of our bed, as i thought it would.
overall - once you get used to it - yes, it will help you sleep betteris it worth the price?that's up to you to decide.
all i can say is that with the 2nd baby (and as i got older), comfort was very important, but that's a personal take..what about quality?as other reviewers mentioned, the cover is made out of a very cheap cotton-like fabric, it is scratchy and not soft at all.
my work-around, instead of buying a more expensive 2nd cover (which is really what they want you to do), i put my own pillow case over the top (head) part of the pillow and wrapped it the best i could.. it's not ideal - but it's free and i get to sleep on a nicer fabric (it really doesn't matter for the bottom as much..your legs won't know the differenceoverall?
i would recommend it for comfort; if you can't afford the price-tag, start with a wedge and something for between your legs, should be sufficient if you don't have lower back problems.
no problems with the quality of the pillow or the pillow case.i haven't tried any other body pillows, so i can't compare, but it seems to help.
early in my first trimester, i started getting severe knee and hip pain at night.
i think the important thing in avoiding the hip pain is to keep my whole upper leg on the body pillow, so it isn't angling downward - at least i hope this will help.the pillow comes with a pillow case.
its a bit hard to get it on and off for washing, but i'm not sure how it could be improved -  it's a snake shaped pillow - a zipper or snaps would make it easier to get on and off, but would probably be uncomfortable or wouldn't completely cover the pillow.edit: i liked this pillow at first, but before the end of the second trimester it was very flat.
washing it didn't plump it up enough.
i ended up using two normal pillows as body pillows - one between my knees and one to hug.
save your money
i bought this pillow when i was 16 weeks pregnant because i was having a hard time getting comfortable at night.
i did not use it all the time but as my body changed throughout my pregnancy i would drag it back out and use it for as long as i needed it.
i even took it to the hospital with me to use during the postpartum period.
i keep it on the couch and simply wrap it around my waist on which ever side i am going to feed on.
i have a boppy and a breast friend but this seems to be my favorite nursing pillow because i dont have to put the baby down to get it into position.
i simply grab a free end and wrap it around either the front of me or the back, depending on how i am sitting.
my son is only 2 1/2 months old and weighs 16 lbs so having this pillow be so large and supportive is a huge plus.
it's even great for his occasional bottle feedings and also for times when we are just relaxing in bed and i need somewhere to prop him up on.
he seems so comfy when laying against it.all in all, it was well worth the money it cost.
you don't even have to invest in a pillow case for it if you dont want to because it comes with a removable, washable cover.
i would def buy it again!
i bought this pillow on recommendation from ladies on my birth board to alleviate hip and back pain, but that's not the use to which i've put it mostly.don't get me wrong - it's awesome for those conditions, and when i nap, i tend to use it as a long body pillow which has just the right amount of support and width for my stomach and to go between my legs.
i love that it's not as wide as a standard pillow or as full as my boppy, because it is so much more comfortable than any pillow i've used for that purpose.
i'm 5'8" and not a small framed woman, so that might make a difference, but i do know a few petite women who really enjoy it as well.
when i first received it, i looked on the back of the cover and it showed 10 or so different ways you can arrange the snoogle - for lower body, upper body, as a wedge, etc.
and i have ended up using several of them.in my case, i've been experiencing awful sinus congestion and acid reflux from a relaxed esophageal sphincter.
the only way i can get any sleep is propped up on pillows, which has really been awful for my back.
enter the snoogle.
i curl the snoogle like a donut so my head is supported by the top, my arm is in the hole so that it doesn't fall asleep, and my upper back is supported by the bottom of the donut.ankles swollen?
curl the snoogle up under my legs.
needing extra back and stomach support while lounging on the couch?
wrap one end of the snoogle around my stomach and curl up the other end behind my back like an upside down u.
it is so versatile and so comfortable that i have yet to find a bad way to prop/curl/fold it.it's been such a great investment and i have a feeling i'll find even more uses for it after this baby is born.
i just deleted my first review, which i made after owning this pillow for a month.
i originally gave it 4 stars, taking one off because it's bulky and makes it difficult to roll over.however, after owning it for 3 months, the top (where my head rests) was completely flat and i had to use a second pillow under my head.
it also ripped right on the inside of the curve where my shoulder hit it.
on top of all of that, you can't purchase covers for it, so i was stuck trying to deal with a standard pillow case cover over the top which just got tangled and fell off every night.i wish i would have just bought a new body pillow, it would have saved me a lot of money and headache dealing with this huge thing.
i already had a pregnancy pillow for between my knees, but i saw this online and had to get it!
it's great!
i can tell i'll be using this pillow long after i'm done with my pregnancy.
i highly recommend this pillow to all pregnant women....and non-pregnant women, as well!
i was very excited when the product arrived, and pleased that it came with a removable cover so i didn't have to buy one separate to wash.
i went from using a blanket at night, to just covering myself with a sheet because i would heat up quickly with this pillow around me.
whenever i wanted to roll to another side, it became quite a chore to move the entire pillow around my body while changing my position.
some nights i would kick it out of bed before morning rather than struggle with moving it.it's great if you need extra heat and don't move a lot when you're sleeping.
i think the filling should be a little better quality for the price they're charging though.
my husband purchased it for me when i was in the first trimester.
i did not use this pillow much especially when i was nauseous and was having a heartburn.
the material is quite soft and very comfortable to hug and sleep, and i started using it every night in the second semester when my belly got bigger.
i put my another normal pillow on the head part so that i can sleep better even i suffer from a heartburn.
i had this pillow for when i was pregnant and i loved it.
it was necessary to sleep with - to the point that i would take it with me when we weren't at home and i was pregnant.
i used it from probably about week 24 or so till the end, maybe a little earlier.
i bought this as a gift for a pregnant friend and she loves it too.
it supports you where you need to be supported and helps you actually get comfortable - better than anything else out there.
i'm 25 wks pg with my 3rd.
i finally got a "pregnancy pillow" and i have to say i love it.
it helps keep my hip from hurting so badly.
the first night i never even woke up!
that's really saying something.
i usually have to wake up to roll over once one hip goes to sleep.
it's huge and takes up a ton of room but i am really enjoying it.
i co-sleep a small amount of the time with my older too and they both love it too, they like snuggling up to the other side.
i recently got this pillow and i cannot tell you how wonderful it is!
i can finally sleep!
i haven't been able to fall asleep on my left side like is recommended; i've been sleeping sitting up and after the first bathroom wake-up i could sleep on my side.
with this i was comfortable instantly and fell right asleep.
i aslo fell back asleep after getting up to use the restroom right away (which is new!)
i adore it!!!
worth every penny!
**i'd like to add, now that my daughter is 7 months old, that i adored that pillow all through my pregnancy, it was a god-send!
i cannot sleep with out this pillow!so comfortable!!
!one &#34;eh&#34; quality is i was mine a lot and ita a pain in the neck to take the pillow case on and off.
got it for my wife who is a side sleeper and was having a hard time sleeping due to pregnant tummy.
i purchased the leachco snoogle about a month ago during my second trimester of pregnancy.
i was having a tough time sleeping, and needed additional support for my front side.
as a former massage therapist, i knew the importance of proper sleep support (pregnant or not)!
for the first few nights, i used the snoogle and no additional pillows.
i was quite pleased with the support, and it fit in our queen size bed with my husband and i (and large dog at the foot of the bed).
my love at first sleep turned out to be a disappointment.after the first few days, i noticed soreness in my neck and frequent tension headaches.
i found that the snoogle didn't quite give the full neck support that my body needed.
most of the stuffing in the snoogle's curved top and bottom are along the outside of the curve.
the inside curve (where the neck rests) doesn't have nearly as much support as the outside curve.
i had to go back to using my special pillow (tri core brand, which i highly recommend for anyone) designed for ideal neck and head support.
i have since been using the snoogle in modified ways that are not indicated on the pictures.
it is difficult to use my pillow and the snoogle due to the curved top and bottom.
the modified positions don't quite give the support to the front of my body as it does when used as instructed.
i gave it a second chance without my pillow, but woke up again with soreness and a headache.i was also not impressed with the fabric.
i wish i had chosen a different full-body pillow.though this pillow has not been great for sleeping, i do plan to use it when the baby comes.
it is also good for someone looking for a comfortable, supportive pillow to read or watch tv in bed.
i can see how some people would love it for sleeping; it just didn't work well for me.though i use the snoogle every night, i probably wouldn't buy it again.
i would likely look for something that is designed for use with my own pillow.
i imagine this will make life way more comfortable when i am pregnant.
for right now, its a great way to prop myself in bed while watching tv and working on my laptop, all the different curves make great makeshift shelves for my devices
i just can't seem to get comfortable with this big pillow.
i've heard that some people love it and can't sleep without it during pregnancy...
i'm not one of those people.
i really like the snoogle.
now i'm almost 7 months and it definitely provides the support i need.
plus it's a nice barrier to keep my husband from kicking me in the shins in his sleep, but that's another story.
my only complaint is the cover is scratchy and hard to put back on after washing.
otherwise i would have given it 5 stars.edit - i'm now 33 weeks and probably couldn't sleep without this thing.
i may be sleeping a little too soundly because when i wake up and try to roll over or get up i can barely move.
but at least i'm sleeping!
i can see how this pillow would be helpful for some women, but it didnt work for me.
my biggest problem was that i couldn't use my own pillow, your head will naturally rest on the top part of this pillow.
the uncomfortableness of pregnancy meant that i would want to change positions frequently during the night.
you pretty much need to get out of bed, flip the pillow over, then crawl back in and adjust if you want to change sides.
not cool for me.
once arranged, i did enjoy the back and hip support.
this pillow just didnt match up with my sleep style.
for me, putting a smaller pillow between my legs worked best.
if you tend to like to switch sides during the night or you are attached to your head pillow, i would pass on this.
i hated this pillow.
like most pregnant people it's extremely difficult to get comfortable for sleep and i was so excited when i read the reviews.
i really really wanted to love this pillow but it just did not work for me.
there's no in between.
i think this is way overpriced and i'm so glad i waited to buy the cover for it because i would have wasted even more money.
and the cover costs almost as much as the pillow.
i used this every night while i was pregnant.
i am so happy i ordered this product.
i am not necessarily sleeping better, because i still have to get up and pee every two hours and am constantly getting beaten up from the inside by this little boy.
but when i am in bed and do manage to catch some zzzz's, i am so much more comfortable.i have two complaints, which aren't even really complaints because i know they can't be remedied:1) because of the shape of the pillow, the cover is very difficult to get on and off for washing.2) it is hard to turn over from side to side because the pillow is so big and oddly shaped.again, those are both pretty much unavoidable grievances, because what makes the pillow so great is the odd shape and size.
so there you have it!
i am so happy i have mine--i don't know if i will go back to my regular pillow after this pregnancy is over!
i got this pillow when i was 3 months pregnant because i was trying to prevent myself from sleeping on my back.
now 6 months pregnant i still sleep amazingly well at night.
i have not noticed it to flatten out either, its holding up really well.
this pillow really didn't work for me.
i'm 5'4&#34; and started pregnancy at 106lbs then gained 25lbs.
the material feels very cheep to me and the cover is not soft at all.
the part that should support your back is too rounded so it doesn't even touch my back.
the part for between your knees is tube like in the wrong direction so it cuts off circulation.
i suggest sticking with this better solution and am sorry i waisted my money.
frankly the $10 body pillow appears to be much better materials inside and out.
so much my husband got jealous of it :o)  by second trimester i needed something to help me sleep comfortably and this did the trick.
i since passed it down to my sister while she was pregnant and she too agrees it is a must have.
i am petite - and this is way too big and fluffy for me.
my dog loves it though....i curl it up like a cinnamon bun and my cocker spaniel climbs into the middle of it and snuggles in.
he seems to be in heaven.
for me...not so much.
it is bulky and too thick.
i imagined that as my pregnancy wore on and my belly grew that it would fit better.
not even.
some folks seem to love it though - so give it a try, but if you are like me and petite you may want to find a softer alternative.
i am now 25 weeks, and this thing is a lifesaver.
the snoogle doesn't allow me to roll all the way over).
i sleep very well every night snuggled into this thing.
so well, in fact, that my husband grabs it as soon as i get up for work at 5am and sleeps with it until he has to get up!
lol.
great product.
would recommend to anyone.
i had the misfortune of breaking my sternum at ~ 7 months pregnancy.
after the break i found that moving the one pillow i was using to support my leg when i layed on my side was too hard for me so i tried sleeping with 3 pillows but that too was too hard since the pillows moved and yanking them into place was hard.
i also sometimes use it for modified back sleeping with the bottom loop under my knees and one side propped under one side of my back.
the one draw-back is that the head rest part is not always the right height but i don't know how they would/could fix that.
also note that this pillow comes with a white pillow case so you don't necessarily need another one.
i put a king-size cotton pillow case on it where my head rests and wash that part more frequently than the regular one.
(plus the regular one seems to be polyster so it doesn't breathe as well as my cotton one.)
i had a hard time choosing between the bobby pillow for moms - or this snoogle!
i'm not sure how i would have felt about the bobby - but i am in love with my snoogle!!!
its big.
it will take up a lot of room in the bed.. but its worth it for sleep!
i'm 19 weeks pregnant and sleep so much better since buying the snoogle!!!
don't wait to order it - you can benefit from it pretty early on!
i had a really difficult pregnancy with a lot of pelvic and back pain.
the only way i could sleep was with this pillow.
it was expensive, but worth every penny.
i didn't bother with the additional cover.
honestly, the plain one was a hassle to put on, but it wasn't something i had to do every day and it only took 5 minutes when i did.
i tried this a few nights before it got ole' heave-ho!
it did not help me at all.
i was better off with the regular pillow between my legs.
i don't know why it didn't work for me, but it didn't.
and it takes up so much space.... don't recommend this at all... especially for the price.
i have had back pain since the third month of my pregnancy and finally gave in to buying an expensive pregnancy pillow at month 6.
i thought this would be my godsend.
i used it for less than one night before i tossed it on the ground and slept without it.
since i couldn't sleep, i actually got up out of bed to print out my return label because i couldn't wait to get rid of this thing and pop it off at ups and get it out of our house.
i am absolutely baffled by all of the rave reviews.pros:one star for being made in the usa (with foreign parts, so take that for what it's worth).cons:cheap fabric case.inside filling feels flimsy and like it won't hold up.completely uncomfortable!!
!you can't use your own pillow unless you want your head lifted up super high.it's not easy to switch from left side to right side.
you have to hoist the dumb thing back and forth (try doing that with sheets/duvet on top), and in doing so, it's completely disruptive to one's sleeping partner.
also, even simple things like turning over in bed are difficult/painful whilst pregnant, and this pillow makes it even harder.i will either invest in a u-shaped pillow or non-pregnancy specific long tubular body pillow (so i can use my own pillow for my head and turn sides with ease) or just stick to having a regular pillow between my legs.
the leacho snoogle was a total bust and a complete waste of money.
helped with aches and sleep trouble for 2nd and 3rd trimesters.
there are both pros and cons to this product.prosprovides support between knees and under belly.easy to figure out how to use.full length back support.conspriceybulky and cumbersome-we have a queen sized bed and this thing takes up the space of an average(130-160lbs)person.the fabric feels a bit itchy-especially the portion of the pillow that wraps under the head and touches a persons face.overall, i use a combination of this pillow and 2 regular bed pillows every night.
some nights this pillow is the only way i can get any rest-other nights this pillow is too awkward to manipulate and use so i rely on my regular pillows.
if you're not getting sleep, it's worth a try but if you are sleeping ok save your money-this product had little use for me after i delivered my first child and i'm assuming it will return to the back of the closet after this pregnancy too.
i was hesitant in getting this pillow because of the price tag and simply because women have survived pregnancies without it.
but at 25 weeks, i was getting really uncomfortable at night so i decided i'd try anything to help me get me more sleep.
i'd definitely recommend it, it's nice using one pillow instead of 4.
the pillow case is not bad taking off, kind of a pain to slide back on.
i don't think it's too soft.
i like my pillow on the firm side and it's fine.
(i'm about 5'2&#34; and 130 lbs (30 weeks), pre-pregnancy weight was 110).
i don't know how i slept during my other pregnancies.
this pillow is so soft and supportive all at the same time.
every pregnant woman should have one.
the first night in this pillow and i was converted.
7 mos pregnant and had one of those long body pillows that just wasn't cutting it.
this is simpler, easier to get in and out of and so much more supportive!
i will keep it to use next time too.
it is difficult to get out of bed if the pillow is next to the edge of the bed (because you have to get over the pillow), but it is still very helpful and comfy.
the cover is a little bit of a pain to get back on after washing, but not too terrible.
it really helped to keep me comfortably on my side throughout the majority of my pregnancy.
i was a back sleeper prior to pregnancy.
i cannot say that i sleep through every night still, but i absolutely love this pillow.
i was nervous about spending this much money on a pillow, but it was worth every penny!!!
this worked well for my pregnancy and i didn't mind it breaking down over time.
now that i am no longer pregnant i actually do mind that it broke down.
so it is okay, and worth it while you are pregnant, but it isn't really for a daily use multi-year or multi-pregnancy pillow.
i used my snoogle for my last 2 pregnancies and it was such a relief on my back and hips once i started having to sleep on my side.
now with my third pregnancy i have purchased another snoogle.
i had given my original one away after my second child was born and when i found out i was having a third this was one of my first purchases.
i can actually sleep at night now and it helps me to stay on my side.
i love sleeping on my back and the snoogle helps me stay on either side instead.
i would use this while not pregnant!
pregnant with twins and have been using this maternity pillow since my 12th week.
now in my 26th week and the pillow is as flat as a pancake and has been since about my 18th week.
i put it on tumble in the dryer, but nothing is resurrecting this thing.
it still adds a little support, but now i have to use a bunch of extra pillows with it.
at the cost, it would have been nice if it could last my whole pregnancy.
maybe it would be ideal for a singleton pregnancy, but for multiples not so great.
i'm so glad i'm not the one who paid $50 for this pillow!
god bless my friend for thinking of me, but i wish her money could have been better spent.
she said her daughter loved it, and maybe the snoogle works well for some women, but after three attempts at using it, i stuffed it in a plastic bag, and there it sits on my bedroom floor to this day.
here are the reasons why:1.
it's way too firm.
i could not get it to support my tummy from underneath at all; all i could do was try to sort of lean against it, but that didn't offer any support.
same thing with the back "support" -- the whole pillow is so firm, it was more of a leaning thing than a support thing.2.
maybe this is more of the same firmness complaint, but i couldn't get used to using the pillow part.
it wasn't soft enough to "mold" to my head and neck, and i ended up trying to push it far enough to the side that i could use a regular pillow instead.3.
the farther i've gone in my pregnancy, the more sensitive my skin has gotten; i can't even imagine trying to use it now.
assuming i could stand the pillow itself, i'd have to buy one of the covers (though i don't have one, so i'm not sure of their quality, either) or make one myself.4.
the curve is too confining.
i felt like i had to curl up all the time.
i just can't stand not being able to stretch out comfortably, and the snoogle didn't allow me to do it.5.
it's h-u-g-e!!!
god help you if you're trying to share a less-than-kingsized bed with your spouse or significant other and this gargantuan thing.
there won't be room for the three of you.6.
don't even try to roll this thing over with you.
talk about a wrestling match!maybe i can recycle the snoogle into a sort of tv-watching pillow; it's certainly firm enough for that.
but it's not something i'd recommend or buy for a friend or family member.
the boppy wedge is an infinitely better buy for the money (see my review of that item), not to mention being a better product overall.
i do agree with other reviews that you can't take the pillow cover off....you'll never get it back on.
it's a bit scratchy so i'm making another pillow case to go over the current one.
i don't know how durable it will be as under the pillow case, it looks like the same material as airline pillows.
this pillow made me more comfortable at night and i could sleep easier.
around my fifth month, i had a hard time sleeping.
i put this pillow under my head, around my back and between my legs.
it kept me on my left side during the night and the extra support between my legs lessened my leg cramps.
the cover washed up very nicely and the pillow rolled up and fit right back into the plastic bag after my baby was born.my only complaints are that it takes up so much room in the bed when the sheets are tucked in, the pillow case is difficult to get off and on when it needs to be washed and the pillow doesn't fit me as well as it does the woman in the picture.
i am 5'10" and my head just fits on the top end and the bottom end goes between my thighs instead of my knees.
but overall, i was very happy with this purchase.
got this pillow for my pregnant wife.
this pillow helped her sleep at night and alleviated pains she was having.
the snoogle pillow fits between your legs and underneath your head.
i got this pillow when i was about 10 weeks pregnant.
it really can make sleep easier during pregnancy and back pain, however i was never able to get in to the position pictured on the label.
it is good for support between the legs and somewhat under the belly or behind your back.
i haven't used it for nursing, but it is good for supporting you and the baby if you're lying down together.
my only negative is it makes you quite hot, especially when pregnant.
there seems to be little to no ventilation in this pillow.
so i just noticed this pillow looks like a piece of poo.
i have the worst hip pain and this pillow helps alleviate that pain.
these pads don't stay put--i'm constantly having to re-position them throughout the day.
they also are very flat and too stiff, so they're uncomfortable and show through a shirt.
if they were softer and more flexible i think they'd work fine because they seem pretty absorbent, but they still slide around in a nursing bra too much.
i guess it's back to the disposable nursing pads for me!
at first i hated these things.
they were stiff and didn't absorb squat!
i had a rather embarrassing moment in target within the first few uses.
after reading a lot about cloth diapering, i found that some diapers need to be washed a bunch of times before they become absorbent.
i applied that idea to these little babies and viola!
compared to buying the medela or lansinoh pads every month or so, the cost savings was pronounced.
i recommend the bamboobies?
i think they were called.
i'd definately recommend them to any new mother!
love that these have the one side that doesn't leak through.
i produce a lot of milk and during the day these are perfect!
at night i have to change them once or else i would be soaked but if i do that it never gets all over my clothes and leaks straight out front.
i like that these pads are very soft and cushiony; that's great for sore nipples.
but they don't have any sort of waterproof layer, so when i wear them and go more than a few hours between nursing/pumping, they leak through and soak my bra and shirt.
i like the charlie banana reusable pads much better because they don't leak.
saving assistance, as they should not buy these again, i never noticed anything in the bra, or in the clothes
they feel great, better than the paper/disposable ones and i love the washing bag it gives you as well.
the only con is that they look kinda lumpy at first in your bra, but i noticed once i have a shirt on it seems to form to it just fine.
i bought some cheap ones and they are no where near as nice as these, i love mine
i have had these for 5 years.
i have used them through 2 kids with about a year or so off of using them.
i always wore these even when i wasn't really leaking anymore because my nipples were sensitive and i didn't like them touching my bra.
they will show unless you have light padding in your bra.
i plan to buy another set of these for our 3rd child.
i did notice that some lanolins would stain these and they weren't absorbent enough for me in the early days so i used disposables for the first 6ish weeks.
the only pity is just 6 pieces.
avent is thicker and more absorbent for their disposables and their reusables, although i found that none of the disposables stay in place as well as any of the reusables.
i really liked them and with my second, i needed one more pack due to a few being lost in the years in between.
i do not like this new style,old version:4.5" diameterpoly lace exteriorjersey knit interior (only negative- it feels wet quickly)overall very absorbentmolds to breast shape to create a concave pad interiornew version:~4" diameterpoly lace exteriorflannel interior (positive- it doesn't feel wet)thin and not very absorbentstays in a flat shape and doesn't mold to breast shapethe only plus with this last set is the flannel interior.
overall i do not like the smaller size and don't think these are nearly as absorbent as the older sets that i have.
they are very soft.
but they don't stay in place like said.
they fall out.
i had several experiences where they have moved and fallen on floor.
embarrassing.
very soft cotton but don't stay in place.
i like my medea brand better
these were not my favorite.
these didn't stay put at all due to the lace.
they weren't as thick as other ones too.
they were absorbent enough, but i wasn't a heavy leaker.
the nuk ones stay put and were a bit thicker, and washed well.
at first i wasn't crazy about these.
they leaked overnight in the early nursing days when i had a crazy over supply and if they dried before i removed them fuzz would stick to my nipples.after several washes this problem was solved, they don't stick anymore and they are so incredibly soft and such a great value for your money.i still have a really strong milk supply and a lot of milk leakage, but these pads have contained everything since the first 4 weeks.
the pads are small in size, and do not effectively coverage my breasts so even they move around just slightly, they just miss to cover at all or they just become wet pads that soak through my nursing bra.
i have other avent products so i thought i would try this one as well.
i was not really expecting this would be great pads, but for this affordable price, this is just good enough for me.
i hate to throw lots of disposable stuff out so i wanted reusable pads.
these work just fine and love that they come with a bag to wash them in so they don't get lost.
i have tried a few types of nursing pads, and these are the ones i personally prefer.
also, the washing bag that comes with the breast pads are great to use for baby's socks, hand mitts, etc.
i am always looking for a good alternative to disposable products!
cant beat the price or the value.
i have a really large bust, so i normally have trouble finding things that work, but i gave these to my friend that boasts about her &#34;micro boobs&#34; and she loved them too.
these worked great for my daughter, she did  have accidents at night time but these were fine for daytime use.
disposable pads seem like such a waste to me!
you want a thicker bra though to hide the shape of the pad, as it isn't as thin as the disposable pads.
they fit in the bra snugly and are easily washable.
these pads would be great is they weren't so thick and if they were larger.
they're so bulky that you can see them through clothing very easily.
because they are so small and don't stay in place well, they always seem to be just off to the side of the nipple whenever my milk lets down, so i end up leaking.
they're thinner and cover more area.
i would try to find flannel ones instead of these.
i love that they came with their own washing bag so i can keep track of them in the laundry.
after i had my baby and my milk came in, i was leaking like crazy and tired of spending money on disposables.
these arrived and i put them on right away.
however, i leaked right though them!
additionally, they are scratchy and itchy and my poor sore nipples stuck to the fabric.
imagine my horror trying to peel them off my raw nipples :(
i use these as well as the avent disposables.
never tried any other brand as i'm satisfied with these.
maybe i don't let down a lot but i've never had a leaking issue.
my bras are mostly padded so they're not noticeable and even when i wear the non padded nursing bras they are still not visible.
love the included machine bag.
they do not absorb milk as good as the disposable once, and i do not even have a lot of milk.
they made of cotton, so they get wet very fast and so your short.
i use the disposable one by lansinoh and i love them.
i liked these and still use them sometimes, but they do not absorb as much as the disposable kind, especially at night time when you tend to get engorged.
i would leak right through them, my sleep bra, and my night gown.
not fun to wake up covered in breast milk.
:/
i bought these hoping to be environmentally friendly.
i tried wearing these once and had a huge wet spot after just one feeding.
they absorbed nothing and had a spot bigger than if i did not use anything.
from the wife/mom: disposable is always best, but to save money, the washable pads are always a good option.
the philips washable is definitely better than my medela washable.
it keeps its shape a lot better, and you don't see it through your clothes as much.
i also like that there are 3 pairs (the medela only had 2 pairs), so you don't feel super rushed to wash.
they work as expected, no embarrassing wet spots on my shirts.
i only wish that i cold wear them at night for longer than 3-4 hours without having them soaking wet and needing a new pair.
during the daytime, this is not a problem.
i bought these because i hate using disposables and adding to the waste problem.
i'm sure there are better washable pads out there.
these are completely flat and don't bend much to contour to your breast or nipple.
they are super obvious under a thin bra or tank top.
plus, they stick to you--not horribly but still undesirable.
i like the bag that comes with them but overall, i wouldn't buy this product again or recommend it.
i was hoping that these would have a curve like a molded cup but it is completely flat, which means it doesn't fit as well under bras.
but while these are fine for a home, i really can't wear them in public, as they're too obvious.
they might not be so visible under a padded or molded nursing bra, but under a soft-cup one they're totally obvious since they aren't at all contoured (in fact, they kind of contoured a bit opposite, toward the lace side).as far as size (i'm a c/d cup now, with average-sized nips), comfort, and absorbency these are great, but i'll be reserving them for use at home and during the night.
it's absorbant, cute, and i've had no leaks!
they are a little thicker/bulkier than other brands i've used, but i don't mind.
i leaked through these immediately, they barely absorbed anything.
i ended up going back to evenflo disposables.
they aren't as environmentally conscious, but they work so much better.
these barely absorbed when i had them in.
it was more like the milk beaded off of them.
i had high hopes but i was let down.
these are great you can just throw them in the wash,  however if you leak heavily you might want to add a disposable behind them when you are out and about and can't change the pad because they are not leak proof always.
i ended up getting a good deal on these as an add-on to an order, and luckily for me, it turned out to be a pretty nice product.
they are comfortable to wear, and more importantly, they are discrete under clothing!
they are backed with lace, but i don't think it's a waterproof barrier.
the nicest part about this product was receiving the mesh bag to wash them in!
then i can keep track of all of my pads after washing and drying.
it was quite crisp when it was new.
i use lanolin so i make sure to pretreat these with some dish soap and allow it to sit overnight.
be sure to use the included mesh bag as these can become trapped under your upright washing machine agitator.
initially i thought they were comfortable, moderately thick, and the padding doesn't bunch up over multiple washings.
i like not having to use disposables which seems wasteful since i'd have to go though a lot of them over all the months that i'm nursing.these nursing pads do have quite a bit to be desired.
they leak frequently to the point where i'd wake up in the middle of the night with milk soaked both through these nursing pads and my clothing.
i'm taking the time to update my review after having a different experience using this brand of nursing pads with my second child...i don't have trouble with my milk supply when nursing my second child.
they are especially bad when i let down while nursing my child on the other side and i never wear these overnight.it worked ok most of the time for my first child when i wasn't nursing often and had limited milk supply when he was an older baby.
however, if you are nursing a newborn or needing reliable protection steer clear of these nursing pads unless you're trying to win a wet t-shirt contest!
(note, i've not worn them overnight)  i do have a hard time getting them to stay put in my sports bra.
they would probably be ok in a regular bra though.
was sceptical at first because of the lace on one side, but they are less visible through a shirt than ones without lace on the outside.
i have had them leak but only when they got really wet.
i like that there are 3 pair, but if you order them you might want to order 2 sets.
so i was skeptical thinking that these things wouldn't work!!
was i wrong!
i put these in the washer ( and it comes with its own washing bag too) and they come out looking perfect!!
i do not dry them however( so i can not vouche for this part of the cleansing process) i leave them in the bag and let them air dry which takes a hour at the most!!
i am a size 38b with full milk in breast so fairly small boob size and these do not show up under my clothing.
i like the look of these, the lace on the outer layer is cute, but they don't hold moisture well at all.
i used these at night occasionally because they're soft and they would keep the milk from running down my shirt, but my shirt would be damp after every feeding.
don't waste your money on these.
not as soft as the fleece ones i usually use, but at least they're all cotton.
when i'm especially leaky, i do have to swap these out for fresh ones now and then, as they get rather damp.
i'm using these pads all the time.
they seem a little on the big side, i have to make sure they stay tucked in.
otherwise the quality seems great and they absorb what i need them to absorb.
i bought 2 sets, but really need a 3rd to make it through a week.
these are pretty absorbent.
my only complaint would be that they are kind of small so if they slip at all in the bra, you won't be covered.
i do wish they would stop making nursing pads round and make them a little more breast shaped so you cant see them thru a shirt but so far every ones are still round.
they aren't too think but you can see them thru a thin shirt.
the bamboobies pads i tried were always soaked but did not breathe so i developed thrush while using them.
these avent pads provided just enough material to contain leaks and are cute too.
similar to medela pads but these have a really pretty lace outer layer.
these do a good job keeping me dry during the day, but constantly move around at night, which is when i really need them.
these were highly recommended to me from a friend so i decided to try them out and love them also.
yes they will show through a thin bra, but so will disposables.
if you have slight padding on your bra they will not show through.
i've noticed other reviews say they do not absorb well, move a lot, and stick to your nipples, but i did not experience any of that.
i wash them in the bag they came in and dry them on the delicate cycle and they come out as good as new after every wash.
the size and thickness makes it obvious i'm wearing them under most clothes.
you can see the outline of them, so i mainly only use them at home and save the disposable ones for going out.
like those pads!
washed them and i did not have any problems with those like it did with the cheap ones from walmart.
these are not very absorbent even after multiple washings.
they get hard if i don't change them quickly enough after a leak, and they also make me fuzzy if i am not completely dry when i put them on...  small things, but not things i really want to worry about all the time.
i didnt want to use disposables as i think its throwing away money...these wash great and stay white!and the washing machine bag is a great bonus
not awful, just not super absorbent.
bummer, but i ended up layering them on top of bamboo ones and they worked very well for overnight use.
i tried to like disposable pads and they just didn't work for me.
the brushed cotton that touches your nipp is soooo soft and wicks away moisture so your not sitting against wet.
i swear it actually helped heal my cracked nipp.
they come with a little baggy which is great for laundry time.
the lace is actually pretty and you can tell the right side even in the dark!
i really like avent pads.
), there is no lint attached to the nipple like in some different brands and they stay in place due to the lace cover on the bra side.
also they absorb leakage well and the milk doesn't go through, unless pretty heavy one.
i wear them with my bras and nursing tops and no one can tell i wear the pads.only at night i have to adjust them due to laying on the side, but not a biggie.
i wear them more often than disposable ones (i use lansinoh and like them too, but they tend to roll when i fold my bra to breastfeed and adjusting is annoying because of the glue side).
this product did not stop or even slow the flow of milk from my wife.
she tried it two times and then threw them away.
not worth the cost.
since i was buying for my wife and had no idea which pad would work, i also got the &#34;charlie banana nursing pads&#34; and they were much, much better and well worth the slight cost increase!
don't have to worry about running out, etc.
etc.
no first of all, they stick to your nipples which is the last thing you want when you have sore nipples.
it was similar to pulling a bandaid off of my sore nipples.
ouch.
plus, i used lanolin, etc to help soothe my nipples and the pad just wicked it away and looked gross, so i had to change them more often than i would have liked.
all in all, a waste of money for me.
the nursing pads are really soft.
they are easier to use than the disposable sticky kind which end up sticking to your boob when you nurse.
am not sure about absorbancy as i don't leak much.
my only gripe is that the cotton fibres on the pads comes off and sticks to your nipples
i have been nursing for just a month now.
some days i leak more than others and when i do, i wake up in the morning (and middle of the night) with a wet shirt.
the complaints i have are &#8211; 1: when my milk dries up, the pads stick to my nipples and it hurts when i try to pull it off (both lace side and the non-lace side).
2: i wish the pads were a bit curved and not flat.
it leaves lumps through your bra.
overall, i think this product is okay.
i used the lasinoh breast pads, which were disposable but since i plan on breastfeeding a while, i felt the expense would add up.
these absorb okay but my milk has through through the pad or right out of the pad many times since i am forced to be using them for a stretch of 6 hours.
so in terms of absorbancy, lasinoh has got them beat hands down.
lasinoh also were thinner and stayed in place much better.
the only reason i am still using these is because i just put them in the wash every week and don't have to worry about buying a constant supply of breast pads.
i imagine i would need to replace some of them but the turnover is much longer.
very economical and they come in a mesh bag so they don't get lost in the washer.
i was hoping to save some waste and money.
well, that was till i figured out that these pads aren't really that useful and started to buy disposable ones.
here's why these pads aren't so great:1.
they aren't large enough to cover a good amount of area.2.
they slide around a lot, i find something soaked randomly - at least this happened while i was at home, not outside!3.
i don't really leak so much, but even then i find myself changing my pads 2 to 3 times a day.so now i'm using disposable pads.
i wish these worked well.
these pads are terrible.
i used the avent disposables which are the absolute best,  so i thought their washables would be good as well.
well that was a big mistake.
they curve outward instead of following the natural curve of the breast, making them visible under any type of shirt or sweater.
then i got tired of changing clothes from all the leaks i experienced.
these pads don't absorb much at all.
what i was saving on disposables, i was wasting on detergent and time.
these things hold up well and never seem to cause my wife any discomfort.
the biggest complaint we have with these are they they diappear like socks would.
i highly recommend getting more than you think you will need so that when they 'go missing' you still have a pair or two handy.
i recently found some stuck to the inside of one of my shirts, and another hidden in some boxers after being laundered.
blame static, but, its hard to find them when you really need them.
i haven't had one embarrassing leaking accident!
basically i only use them when i'm desperate.
a must have when breast feeding.
these are however a little on the thick side.
i just hated wasting the money every 2 months for pads, and wanted to explore the washable options available.this was my first try, and i love them!
i just bought a second set, so i have 6 pairs, and will almost always have one set clean.i've washed them in the laundry bag they came in and they came out great.
super comfy and absorbant.
my daughter is 6 months old and we have started weaning her night feedings, and extending the time between regular daytime feedings as well due to the introductions of solids, so i find i am leaking more than i was.
i also have a pretty heavy letdown, and while they don't shift too much, they will shift some - but so do the disposables.overall, they are great, and i have already suggested them to several of my friends who are nursing moms!
if you leak a lot or have oversupply (before solids, especially if you're pumping also), these pads aren't good enough.
i leaked right through them several times before i just decided to purchase some disposables with plastic backing.
when my milk leaking slows down a little, i will start using them again.
she used them all the time and they are comfortable and don't show through your clothes.
if it had been me i'd have wanted 2 packs but this was a first baby and you learn!
i was trying to save money when i bought these, but i ended up buying the disposable ones in the long run.
the disposable ones worked out better for me.these are not discreet.
be prepared for them to be noticed if you're wearing something &#34;tight&#34; around your bust.
also, i was having latch problems so these stuck to my already sore & beat up nipples.
not fun trying to get them off!
i didn't have these problems with the disposables, which is why i went for them later.
its washable and help to save money on those disposable types.
would buy more.
the breast pads are soft and they absorb well.
i still leak through the pads when my breasts are very engorged (but i think that would occur with any similar product).
i am nursing my child so i wear these in my bras through out the day and while i sleep.
they absorb really well without you feeling the wetness.
you also can't even tell you have them on.
they work well for moderate leakage--too light and they stick, too heavy and they leak.
this is comparable to other washable pads i've used, however.
they pads show a bit more through tight clothing (like a nursing tank) but not terrible like bulkier pads.
all in all, i prefer the nuk washable ones simply because they are less expensive and do not show quite as much.
instead of having to buy disposables all the time, i use these at night, hand wash them while in the shower the next morning, hang them up to dry to reuse for the next night.
i use these regularly and find them to do a good job.
but, you need to pay attention as they do not have #1 super absorbing gels or #2 a waterproof backing once they are full they will leak through.
i mostly use them at home and as a second layer when needed inside of a disposable.
they don't lay the nicest in your bra, but save some serious dough by not having to use the disposable ones.
wasn't impressed with the avent washable nursing pads for the following reasons:- material is non-absorbant- material is not as soft as other options available- pads stick to nipples- lace on the outside can be seen through bra/nursing tank- small circle creates a strange raised bump seen from outside
i don't leak very much by my standards but these are definitely useful at giving me peace of mind.
i bought two packs so i'd have enough for the work week.
they're visible through your shirt if you have a thin bra and skin tight shirt but i don't wear hooker clothes and i usually wear a cardigan so its not a problem for me.
i started trying different brands/types of breast pads and out of the four i have tried so far these are my favorite.
i hated the disposables  and several of the washables that i tried stated they were waterproof but have leaked through onto my clothes.
these seemed like they might be similar in size, comfort, and affordability.
no so much.
these pads are only about 4 inches in diameter, so the edges are pretty obvious unless i wear a padded-style bra (i'm about a 34c).
they stick, which can make them a bit uncomfortable when removing them to feed the baby or pump.
after the first wash, the flannel on the inside pilled-up, and the pads puffed-up, making them even more obvious in my bra.
since i don't leak much, i can't give much info on how absorbent they are.
suffice it to say that i'm glad that i didn't pay a lot...i suppose you get what you pay for (though i don't recall paying much more than about $8 for dr. browns).
highly absorbent and prevents &#34;leak through.&#34;  also better for the breast since some silicone pads just occlude the breast and have been linked with increased instances of mastitis.
keeping is simple over here with these cotton nursing pads.
they stood up to numerous washings (free in a regular wash cycle) and stayed put during wear better than any other brands.
and they look almost brand new and ready for next time
good price and easy to use.
very convenient storage.
i could only find this on amazon.
i highly recommend buying this product for your nursery.
worked out great.
can't beat the price.
i bought this to try to get some organization for my diapers as i have two babies in them.
but it doesnt hold a bag of diapers so im constantly filling this up.
itd be so much easier if it held a bag.
i would understand if it didnt hold the box of diapers but newborn size 1 diapers?
really?
it barely even holds one row!
waste of money for me....
this is the most boring thing one can have in the nursery!
waiting for it to fall and break and buy a different one.although looks arent of concern then its a good buy!
i love this product it stores everything neatly and the sides come off if you don't need them for ointment and stuff.
i love this product.
i did not need the space to store diapers, but use that area for q-tips, lotion, thermometer, etc.
so worth it :)
this thing was awesome to keep diapers, wipes, and creams organized all with in arm's reach of the changing pad.
holds a good amount of diapers, even when they're the bigger sizes.
keeps your changing table looking neat.
i have a munchkin diaper organizer that i love.
however, it comes in blue and green only.
i was looking for something a bit more feminine or neutral for my daughters room.
the price is comparable to the munchkin version, so i went with this on looks alone.
i regret that, but the box is long gone so i can't return.
the side bins on the plh depot are too narrow from side to side and from front to back.
also, they sit forward of the back of this depot and stop short of the front.
a decent amount of wasted storage space, given that you can't really fit anything of size into the compartments.
though the munchkin compartments are divided, i can still get my larger bottles, etc into them.
if you don't want blue or green, go with this one.
if you don't mind blue or green, go with munchkin's version.
we've had them both since our little one was born so 15 months now.
the one downstairs is on a bit of an unsturdy table that's about 4 feet from the ground.
it has fallen at least 20 times and has yet to break.
i'm amazed each & every time i pick it up to find no broken pieces.
the top will snap off but hasn't broken at all.
in just one side we have the diaper cream, another tube for eczema, saline drops, nose aspirator, nail clippers, & a pair of socks.
we use wipes warmers and they're just a little bit bigger so they don't fit perfectly but they do sit on the top just fine.
we are completely satisfied with this product and are buying a 3rd one for the nursery for our next baby we're having.
i'd highly recommend and have found it to make diaper changes so much easier!
this says it fits all prince lionheart warmers.
not true, i had to return it and purchase another model which then fit
this product serves it purpose.
we needed something a little bigger.
it was very easy to put together.
everything is nice and neat, and i don't have to go searching for anything (diaper cream, lotion, brush).
it holds everything we need for a change (i.e.
diapers, wipes, rash cream, etc.
plus i also have a brush and comb, thermometer, and hand sanitizer (for me) in it too.
this is exactly what we needed!
i have a prince lionheart wipes warmer that fits perfectly on top, and the side containers hold all the lotions and creams i need for her.
this organizer was just what i was looking for.
i love that the diapers are at my fingertips.
it isn't really noticeable when you look at it, but i just like everything to be perfect.
i don't use a diaper warmer, so i can't comment on that.
i love this diaper organizer.
i have the munchkin wipes warmer and it sits on top just fine.
i don't have any problems with it sliding around or lifting up when i remove a wipe.
the bulb syringe is kind of hanging out the top but other than that everything fits just fine.
it's the "must have" item that i hadn't considered until i started using it.
the design and quality of the plastic is very good and i like the fact that the side compartments are detachable.
i highly recommend this product.
i needed something to use on top of my changing table and not hanging on the side.
super easy to clean and stays in place without sliding.
i was expecting to live with flimsy plastic when i purchased this due to the price point, but ended up being very impressed with the sturdy nature of this organizer.
it's really easy to use and holds up great!
worth the money!
keeps everything handy which is necessary when you have those surprise newborn diaper explosions.
it hold everything that you will need for a successful diaper change.
i love the side compartments and store my baby's after-bath essentials such as his nail clippers, q-tips and brush.
we had been using the pockets on the pack and play to store diapers, powder etc and that was ok but this is way better.solidly made, very sturdy and holds about 2 days worth of diapers (for our 6 week old).
it moves around a lot.but it does what it's supposed to.having a wipes case on top weighs it down a bit, which is good.all in all, not a great idea to have all this stuff on the counter where the baby loves to reach for it and play.
i've used this since my son was born 16 months ago.
i'd definitely recommend this for any diaper station.
it is what it is.
this had been very convenient for us, as we much prefer everything at hands reach.
we can keep anywhere from 12-14 pampers swaddlers diapers stacked on one side, and two 64 packs of pampers sensitive wipes on the other.
the wipe warmer stays stocked with warmed huggies thick wipes for wiping baby down when a bath isn't necessary.
in theory, this looks like it might be useful.
however, the side compartments are really small.
not even an average size bottle of cornstarch can fit in it.
when i try go to remove something from there, like a tube of cream, the plastic side piece detaches and i have to click it back into place (all of these pieces can disconnect, which could be nice, but i found that they would disconnect when i did not want them to).
the diaper areas in the front do not hold many diapers at all.
the top doesn't have a non slip grip, so the box of wipes just slides all over.
pain in the rear.
it came cracked but it's not that serious.
i took the side attachments off (it's great to have that flexibility with the product) and just use it to store diapers and have the wipes warmer sitting on top.
it's convenient and easy and saves space, which is a premium in my world!
the diaper depot does just that, but ours arrived a little cracked.
i think it cracked due to poor packaging by prince lionheart.
this why i am giving it a 2 star.
i would have return it but in the long run it will cost me to much time and money.
i wanted a changing table organizer, but this just wasn't big enough for my cloth diapers so i had to return it.
the quality seemed good, and i really wanted to like it, but it just didn't work for me.
we have the prince lionheart wipes warmer, and in hoping to keep the dresser dry and &#34;spill free&#34; we opted to purchase this.
i store baby wash clothes on the side compartments and cloth diaper shells in the front.
(the only real reason i use the &#34;storage&#34; is to prevent dust from being accumulated into those compartments.)
it is perfect for the wipes warmer, but you could just as easily use it as a handy diaper depot if you're using regular diapers and a regular wipes box.
i thought it would be a great and useful item, but it ended up taking up a lot of room on the shelves of the changing table and doesn't really hold a lot of diapers.also, i use a wipe warmer, so this is too tall to fit the warmer on top of it under the shelf of the changing table.i found that the diaper stacking bag that matched my crib set held a lot more diapers, and also took up less room because it can hang off the side of the table.
this is exactly what i needed!
it's.
just big enough.
i love it!!
aloha!
i can fit a regular size bottle of lotion on one side (aveeno baby) and a tube of diaper rash cream and small baby power in the other, but you can't fit the regular size baby powder, vaseline, alcohol... etc.
in the the side compartments.
wonderful invention.
holds quite a few diapers and our wipes warmer along with diaper cream, hair brush, nail clippers and various other odds and ends that fit in the side containers.
great product
love this item and really love the price.
it works great to corral all the little ones diapering items as well as a few of mommy's essentials as i keep it on my nightstand.
my 16 week old just transitioned to size 2 diapers and 20 fit perfectly in the organizer.
love that the side compartments are removable so you can customize it to the space that you have.
we use this to organize creams, wipes and diapers on the changing table.
if i could change one thing i would want it to hold a few more diapers.
i would recommend this to a friend and would purchase it again.
since we are using a regular dresser as our changing table, we didn't want our pl wipes warmer sitting directly on the wood, plus we needed storage for creams, lotions etc.
the side units do hold our shampoo, lotion, oil, and powder (full sizes, burt's bees brand) and were bigger than i expected which was a pleasant surprise.
