perfect for new parents.
this book is such a life saver.
see other things that are must haves for baby at [...]
helps me know exactly how my babies day has gone with my mother in law watching him while i go to work.
i bought this a few times for my older son and have bought it again for my newborn.
excellent for dads to keep track as my husband can quickly forget what time he fed our son.
it's also nice to be able to look back on previous days and weeks for eating and sleeping patterns.
a lot times i need struggle trying to read what the caretaker wrote in because the spaces go together.
my 3 month old son spend half of his days with my mother and half with a neighbor while i worked.
this book is perfect!
the baby tracker brand books are the absolute best of the trackers that are available.
plus, it's nice to be able to look back and see patterns or trends.
the daily tracker helped us so much because once we got home our baby cried all the time, could not sleep and we were having major problems breastfeeding.
we even write notes about his first smile, who came to visit, ect to keep in his memory box.
we've recorded so many milestones since we received this.
i also like that the front page has a place for emergency comments and a consent form in case your child needs medical care.
it also has a place at the back of the book for immunizations.
i'll definitely get another one in 6 months when we finish this book.
this book is a great way for keeping track of daily changing and feedings.
each page is 12 hours so you really need two pages a day if your baby feeds or wets a lot in the early morning hours between midnight and 7am.
we're cramming those in to the 2 blank spaces above 7am right now.
we hired an in-home nanny to care for our little boy and the arrangement has worked quite well ever since.
we used a plain notebook for a period of weeks until we stumbled on the baby tracker - daily childcare journal.--------------------layout and use:the baby tracker is really an excellent idea.
the legibility in the baby tracker is a huge improvement over our standard notebook entries that really ended up becoming small paragraphs.
this constrains entries to very small spaces on each column and row.
for much of the information that is okay - feedings can be summarized in ounces; diaper changes by a &#34;#1 or #2&#34; and so on.
i understand portability is a concern but the current size is entirely too small--------------------conclusion:i ended up making my own format of this journal in a spreadsheet that includes a 24-hour day and more space for comments along with a few other changes and had the pages bound cheaply at a local shop.
if you are able to grab *both* your phone and this notebook - and a pen - consistently - and at 3 in the morning - you are more skilled than me.
easy to use, simple!
this book is practical and great!
we used this to help us keep track of pees and poops during that first month.
great book!
definitely a useful item to have.
it helps a lot.
life saver!!
our pediatrician is always asking # of wets and # of dirty diapers per day...so i bring this book to our appts and let her see it all.
i color code each item so its very easy to tell at a glance when he last ate, slept, or pottied.
makes it easy to discuss his progress with his doctor.
highly recommend this journal for all parents of children especially for those with little ones under a year of age.
i'll definitely continue to buy this every 3 months until at least my son is a year old.
i am 4 weeks from delivery of my first baby and was looking for a newborn tracker.
i have not used it but i am very happy with what i saw.
i was able to use it as a resource when (many months later!)
i went back to formally fill out his baby album since i would have forgotten so many of those valuable little tidbits of information & memories.
we loved it so much that i've bought another one and have almost filled that one too.
we use this everyday to communicate feeding, medicine and other needs when i don't have time to give my nanny the full rundown.
love it!
i've bought two!
after weeks of sleep deprivation, the dark period, i could easily respond to the pediatrician's questions by referring to entries in the baby tracker.it's nice to look back at the dark period and see how far we've come.
great way to keep track of important daily activities/tasks when you are trying to get used to your new baby's routine.i include this as a gift to all of my friends now when they are having a baby.
love this book!
just finished our first one and am starting a second one.
excellent for communication for when you don't have your child.
plus it makes it easier on the caregiver to learn childs patterns as well.
sort of a pain to have to lean forward to pick it up and flip a page over just to see what happend prior.
i bought this tracker when my daughter was 4 weeks old.
if i didn't suck at documenting.
i was able to keep up with it for about 3 weeks...and then it fell by the wayside.
would highly recommend for those type-a personas.
this is a great book to have during your first month of having a baby.
i will defiantly use it again for my next baby!
the layout of the hours are a little tricky but it does the job.
i took this to all infant doc appt.
i have continued using it and it really makes me feel organized and in control.
it has helped figure out his sleeping and eating patterns - great!
i highly recommend this!
inside is nice and clean.
all in all, it does what is advertised and keeps us sane on what was done/changed when.
while i love the app on my phone (baby esp) for my husband and i-- it's not realistic for someone filling in to download the app.
our parents, who frequently watch our baby, have yet to embrace the app world.so, we use this on days when we have help.
the daycare workers were offended by the book at first but after explaining its usefulness they realized how handy it is becoming.
this is probably one of the greatest inventions.
(i bought a second one after the 3 months one was done.
would definitely recommend and will likely purchase again for our next baby.
highly recommended as a perfect way to keep track and organize information in one easy to travel with place!
without something like this by our sides 24 hours a day.
it is laid out very well and easy to read/understand when handing off care from parent to parent (or whoever).
this book is perfect!
i loved this tracker so much, i bought several more and used for the entire first year.
once we introduced solid foods, i could track when i offered new foods to watch for signs of intolerance.
both of my boys (1 and 2.5) love stacking and building.
they also love cars.
they both love these cars!
great for learning big and small, colours and numbers.
these are a huge hit with my one year old son.
we received these cars as a gift when my son was first born.
we've traveled a lot with my son and these make terrific travel toys as they pack up easily and don't take up much space since they nest.
i bought this last month for my 6 month old son, and it continues to fascinate him.
it is fabulous to encourage moving and crawling as i set them around him and they slide away as he reaches for them -- its been invaluable in encouraging him towards crawling and scooting.
great value for money...
we bought these trucks for our 15 mo.
old daughter and 4 mo.
they are nesting which is fun for our daughter to look underneath the trucks to find the next one or they can stack one on top of the other to make a tower.
perfect first trucks!
and they aren't too big- a perfect size!
this is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable!
the cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors.
they also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.
i would highly recommend this item.
i was looking for something different than your typical stacking cups for my sons birthday.
what a hit!
my son can't quite stack them himself, but he knows how to nest them and sure does love knocking them down when i stack them.
i am amazed at how long my son will play with these!
for well over a year my son has enjoyed stacking and playing with these cars.
they have held up brilliantly to his abuse - they still look like new.
fun to stack, fun to roll.
this is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable!
the cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors.
they also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.
i would highly recommend this item.
i think this is an adorable book.
the pieces are all attached and each page has a cute activity.
and if you sew you will realize this is very over priced.2.
great book, and i love that all the pieces are attached!
there are also some &#34;older&#34; activities, like the clock, or tying a shoe.overall, good purchase.
i had a book similar to this as a child and it brings back wonderful memories!
my 20 month old struggles with several of the items, such as the shoe laces and snaps.
but he loves the zipper and the velcro shapes and the other pages give him a great way to learn and practice.
my 3 and 4 year old love this book.
you can show your baby shapes, teach her how to use buttons, zipper and snaps, tie a shoe and tell time.
i bought this book for my almost 2 year old daughter hoping it would be a nice activity on a plane trip.
it is well constructed and attractive (though i must say not as nice as the quiet book my mother sewed for me as a toddler).the activities are:page 1: shape matching, different colored shapes match to same shaped outlines with velcro attachments.
i think he will have years of fun with this book.
it provides several activities, which will help him practice skills he will be learning.
it's also got bright colors and fun shapes that he is sure to enjoy.
can't wait to give it to him!
thanks.
my son loves to chew on things and is still awaiting his first tooth.
his older brother had the strawberry vibrating teether but i prefer this one because it doesn't look so feminine and it is also less expensive.
my son loves this.
this was a favorite as soon as my son figured out that when he would bite it, it would vibrate.
my daughter likes this one.
she especially loves the rattle at the end and the vibrating motion.
i like that the 3 sides of the star have different ribbing so it feels different on her gums.
he likes it ok.
great teething ring and toy.my 6 mth loves it, its so much fun.he loves the vibration, the little color wheel to the other end he loves to spin.something fun to bite on for his aching gum.i recommend it!
i think baby gives it 5 stars!!
my daughter finds this very interesting especially when it gently vibrates and massages her gums.
she's enjoyed this just about everyday since we got it about 3 months ago.
no issues with it!
husband is a drummer and got him obsessed with the tapping even when he is drinking out of his bottle my baby will try to tap the bottle with his hands to feel the vibration.
i also bought an infant gum massager electric toothbrush because he was always interested when i brush my teeth.
this is a great teether.
it is very easy for the little one to stimulate the vibrating action, making it a huge hit!
i got this as a shower gift but could not use it for awhile.
it also takes a lot of force to get it to vibrate and that took a while for my daugher to figure out, at first i had to hold down one of the corners for her while she chewed on the other.
the yellow part vibrates once little gums/teeth chomp down on it.
both my kids loved it while teething.
our son's occupational therapist recommended this for our aggressive teether.
she thought he was using teething as a way to stimulate and calm himself.
my son is obsessed with this teether!!
he was first more fascinated with spinning the bottom part and chewing on that but after 4 months of having it, he has now switched and loves the rubber/vibrating part.
when her two year molars started coming in we got it back out for her and she still loved it.
both my daughters loved this teether.
this works well to keep a baby busy.
bought this based on the reviews.
my daughter is an early teether at 3 months old.
this has allot to do with her age.
my baby loves the vibrations on his teeth.
he also shakes it like a rattle.
at first he was unsure about it, but now he likes to use it.
i would say it's more a fun toy to chew on and not actually providing teething relief
i've bought several teethers and this i one of the best ones.
the vibration helps ease the discomfort and the colors make it also very interesting.
both of my kids have loved this during the teething stage.
baby loves this teether.
my friend recommended this teether because her daughter loves it.
however, my daughter loves throwing it on the floor.
hopefully, it will work better for you.
a year later, my son still likes these and likes the green spinner on the end a lot.
we bought multiples of these, just so we'd have them.
definitely worth the money.
my daughter loves to chew on both ends of this teething aid.
a favorite in our house!
i had this very teether for my twin boys 8 years ago and they absolutely loved it.
so, when my new baby started teething, i sought out the same teether.
but, in this day and age, when bpa is strongly suspected of being dangerous, i cannot in good conscience allow my new baby to chew on anything that may contain it.
most companies proudly label their products with that simple language that cannot be confused.
:(
i bought this for my 2.5 year old with special needs, on the recommendation of her occupational therapist.
my son has had this teether since he was 3 months old.
the reason i bought it was because it was in-expensive and easy for him to hold & pick up.
other then that, the colors are great, and definitely catch baby's eye.
my daughter is 6 mo and loves these.
the star has rounded edges.
the colors catch their attention while the different shapes keep their hands and mouths amused.
i'd recommend it to any parent of a very young child- especially for the price!
my daughter loves this and it keeps her happy for a long time.
it is also very easy to wash to keep clean as well.
my daughter likes this a lot.
i read some complaints about the star-- the edges of the star are rounded but if choped at a bad angle, i think it could still be an issue, but i watch my daughter with it.
as another reviewer pointed out, if your child chews on the pointy edge of the star it can be very painful.
so i agree with other mothers who say that you have to give it a chance to grow on you.
it may seem strange or uncomfortable at first but i still use my sling with my daughter and she's 18 months now.
this is the most comfortable and versatile carrier i've tried yet.the downsides are that it is a little challenging to use.
i have had to learn quite a few different ways to carry my son, who is just 3 months old.
if you don't adjust the carries you use as your baby grows, it can be very uncomfortable for both you.
it is also very bulky.
i had seen several mothers use these before, and the nurse in our childbirth class raved about it.
i bought this because of all the wonderful things i heard about slings.
i even practiced with my cat before to see if i could put it on and if it was comfortable.
i must admit this is so much more comfortable than the front packs or back packs.
she screams.
as soon as i take her out she is fine.
she just will not lay in it.
her baby cooperates.
i will stick with the traditional front pack.
these slings are just not very easy on larger women who are a rather endowed.
my son loves this.
he likes the &quot;kangaroo&quot; position best.
slings keep the baby in more natural positions.
definitely worth the price.
no shrinking in wash. shipped fast.
i ordered this as a spare for my original co-sleeper.
the color is a close match.
it holds up well to lots of washes and uses.
i purchased five sheets to go with the co-sleeper i bought her for their first baby.
i still love it and so does my daughter.
i am thrilled to report, however, that it fits the graco metrolite stroller perfectly and looks adorable!
still will play with it.
it has a large capacity and cuts back on frequent trips to the trash can.
i keep a stick on air freshner in the bottom and it helps with lingering smells.
great pail.
*2) effectively controls odors.
many of the "grown-ups" in my world can't help but tinker with whatever new items are placed before them.
so i went out and bought it along with a big box of tall kitchen bags.
my son is now 4 months old, and so far it is working great.
easy to use one handed!!
my mother in law almost always has problems with the diaper genie at my sister in laws house... she ends up cutting the bags.
diaper champ is great.
it is odorless(so far) and very easy to use - and only with one hand, so you can safely keep the other one on your baby.
it makes so much more sense to just use regular kitchen trash bags, more cost effective.
makes sense.
hopefully potty training will happen soon!
i do wipe it down a couple of times a month.
i have also put in a box of baking soda to help absorb the odors inside.
my 3 1/2 year old still hasn't figured out how to open it, but it's easy enough for me to open quickly.
even then, these odors can be minimized with a bit of baking soda sprinkled in the bottom of the pail.although i debate the necessity of any diaper pail, this one receives 5 stars from me!
the diaper champ uses regular kitchen bags.
toddlers eat solids, their poop smell very adult like!
works great!
uses standard kitchen bags!
so far we love our diaper champ.
it's a deal and works great.
it is most excellent at keeping the foulest of stenches out.
easy to replace when full and it just works!!!
i love these pails so much that we have two of them doing diaper duty!!
i bought this pail before my son was born.
i read the reviews and found this one sounded the best.i love that it is so easy to use.
my son is now three months old and wears size 3 diapers.
so easy to use, definitely recommend!!!
this diaper pail has no odor and is the perfect size.
i use normal 10-gallon trash bags from target.
no complaints at all!
i love that you can use trash bags.
her diapers are much different then my 3 month old son though.
i have no doubt that my wife and i will be happy with the diaper champ (our first baby is due in two weeks).
the replacement diaper champ's piston moved just fine but the drum would not flip over easily.
you can use regular trash bags which cuts down on additional spending.
extremely easy to use, no assembly required.
at only 3 weeks old, my son goes through about a dozen diapers a day.
the design is absolutely ingenious and the fact that it takes regular trash bags is a definite plus!
overall, i am very pleased with our purchase.
this holds alot and does not take up alot of space.
we absolutely love it.
i heard great things about all of them, but wanted what would be most cost effective for us.
plus it can also be used as a trash can!
they fit it perfectly.
the diaper champ is the best!
i absolutely love this diaper champ.
this item is a must have!!!
i love that i can use regular trash bags with it.
i would never use one that required refills, what is the sense in that when this one works perfectly?!
i am glad i researched it because i am very happy with it!
i love my diaper champ.
my son is 3 months old and we have had a great experience with it.
it's simple to use and is cost efficient.
no complaints from me on this diaper pail.
this pail is fantastic.
i wanted to get this for our use, but my genie is still in good use.
however, i never use it.
way cheaper than others.
the champ is the ultimate in diaper disposal.
the diaper champ uses regular trash bags (we like the scented 13 gallon bags by ruffies) and is absolutely a no-brainer to operate!
drop and flip!
ease of use.
sturdy.
we orignially registered for and received the diaper genie and had problems with it from the day our son came home from the hospital.
we love it!!!
this is a great pail.
it holds odors pretty well.
its great to be able to use any kind of trash bag you want with it.
highly recommend this.
diaper champ works great!
you can use your regular garbarge bags with it.
easy to change bags.stable when changing bags (others are not!!!)
- won't topple over.regular garbage bagsone hand use.
i love this diaper pail...you can use any trash bags...i like the variety that are colored and scented for a nice touch!
she's now 19 months and the champ is still a champ.
it is so easy to use.
but it will certainly be an even greater challenge for your child to open!
works for me.
ok - my husband used to leave restaraunts when a couple with a baby in a diaper came in, but he doesn't even mind emptying the diaper champ at all.
we've been using it for almost 15 months now and still love it!
one, its holds seal tight of no smell in the baby bedroom.
well, my husband and i are very happy to get this in the mail.edited: 1/9/06at first i said it was great.
i think so, so i am going to recomment this item from great diaper champ to not so great diaper champ.
this diaper pail is excellent.
no odors have escaped the pail in 3 months.
i am very pleased with it.
i do have one word of caution: make sure there are absolutley no diaper tape edges hanging loose when you flip the cylinder.
they can rip out the filter that keeps the odors inside.
baby trend will expect you to send the pail and the original receipt back to them for repairs if the filter comes out.
every mother of a two-year-old that i know is going to drastic lengths to air out their pail, no matter what brand they bought.
hope that helps.
this is another great baby purchase.
i'm pretty sensitive to smells, but this one does a good job of containing odors.
you can use just regular trash bags which is awesome.
these minor details wouldn't make me change my mind.
now our baby is 1 month old &amp; i've never smelled a poopy diaper (and we formula feed) in our nursery which is in our master bedroom.
diaperchamp was great until about 3 mos.
cheap ziplocks are easy to take with you - will work at home or for travel - and will cost about the same as a refill cartridge minus the $30-some bucks for the canister.
it works easily with one hand, which is important.
while the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the diaper champ is a good as it gets.
my sister had a diaper genie and it always smelled really bad.
boy am i glad!
the canister pushes the diaper into the trashbag, thus never allowing odors to escape through the pail.
absolutely no odors!!
also, a bit of a pain to clean...either outside with the hose or in the tub.
this one is the best and a must have!
they work great and they are small so you can keep them in the nursery for quick and easy trash changes.
diaper champ works well for me.
i use tall kitchen trash bags.
my son is now 3 months old and we are still on our first box of kitchen sized trash bags....i have two very small complaints which is why i didn't give the diaper champ 5 stars.
second, you have to be very careful when changing out the bags.
we've had it for 16 months and it has worked wonderful for us.
be careful of overloading and never take out that foam piece that is cushioned between pieces.
i have figured out that it is key to keeping the stink out.
it works great.
it is excellent since you can use your own trash bags in it and don't have to buy special ones.
works well as diaper pail, but it's awesome as a bathroom garbage can.
very easy to replace garbage bags, you do not have to touch anything.got it as a gift, and was very skeptical about it at first.
"the champ works great.
we use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
i also love that you can flip the device with one hand...highly recommended!!!
(we wrap them nice and tight)*we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!!
*holds the odor in nicely!
spraying down the inside of the container (and letting it air out) periodically definitely helps.
the diaper champ has been wonderful in our home!!
it locks away the smell so wonderfully that we purchased a second one for downstairs.
i originally chose this one, because it doesn't use costly refills.
when you do open it to change the bags, you may want to do so outside.
however if you keep up with the maintance that problem is easily solved.problem:  smellanswer:  baking soda & regular maintancethe great thing about the diaper champ is you can use regular bags, and it does keep the smell out.
its the easiest to use!
and it holds alot more!
this is worth the few extra buck because you arnt spending 5 more bucks every othe rweek for refills!
a good wiping out with some antibacterial wipe, every week or two doesn't hurt either.
my sister (mother of 2) recommended this to me and i am so grateful.
this is a must have for any new parent!
it is also to wipe clean if you do get the chute a bit dirty.
i second that you just need to fold up the diaper (with wipes inside) neatly, but that is not a big deal.
my husband and i chose to use cloth diapers on our son and this works great for holding them until they get washed.
the diaper champ is super easy to use and very cost effective.
it is really easy to use, and doesn't take up a lot of space.
the diaper champ is a life saver.
no complaints about the diaper champ, especially since it is so easy on the pocket-book compared to the rest of the diaper pails out there.
we normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the diaper champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...buy it!
it is easy to use.
the price is very affordable as well.
we started with the diaper genie as most new parents do.
the diaper champ is the best we found!there are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
i've tried the two other most popular diaper pails and am happiest with this one.
let's face it....no diaper pail is perfect, but this one is the best that i've used.
someone gave me the neat diaper disposal system for my baby shower & i absolutely loved it.
i'm taking it back & getting the neat again!
i bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and i absolutely love it!
it takes regular trash bags.
i generally put kitchen size bags in it, but you can use just about any size if you are in a pinch.
and it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!
this is a great diaper pail.
we ended up getting 1 for their home and 2 for our home.
with the diaper champ you can use any kind of bags which is great!!!
we wash it out once a month or sooner with bleach and water just help get rid of some germs.
we got this and the diaper decor plus as gifts and i have to say that the champ is not my favorite.
we have both a diaper champ and a diaper genie....and we definitely prefer our champ!
not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
well the champ has survived it's first year with our son and it is great!!
we just bought another for baby boy number two coming next month.
we just couldn't bring ourselves to buy a pail that required us to purchase extra refills.
this pail is great.
we change the bag a couple of times a week, and the nursery smells fine.
it is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).it was a little tricky to open the first few times because i wasn't sure how the latch worked.
love it!!!
this one uses regular bags (i use 32 gallon bags).
put an arm & hammer baking soda box at the bottom of the pail to help eliminate orders.
double bagging them helps to eliminate the orders.hope this helps!
several friends of ours recommended it, and i'm so happy that we purchased it.
my sister had the diaper genie, which is tough to use and too small.
this diaper pail is a wonderful investment.
i highly recommend the diaper champ.
piece of cake.
i registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however i was not impressed.
love it, love it, love it!
my daughter is starting potty training and i'm still using it.
great buy!
it is very easy to use, refill, and move around.
i was quite pleased with this for the first 6 months.
now as my son's diet is changing, the odor of his bowl movements can no longer be contained.
and the new version of the genie is much easier to operate than the earlier model, so we'll just cross our fingers the lid stays attached next time.
plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
so far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the diaper champ at all.
it works really great for us and we wouldn't use anything else.
i use odor-reducing trash bags & the smell is very minimal.
it's a good size & fits nicely next to my baby's changing table.
the best part is you use regular kitchen trash bags, no expensive specialty bags to buy.
the diaper champ is excellent.
no special bags are needed ... what a savings!
it's so easy to use, my 18 mo old daughter figured out how to flip it and started doing it for fun.
she's now 2.5 and still loves to flip her training pants into the pail.
i just go to [the store] and purchase tall kitchen bags and use those for the diaper champ.
plus, i think it is unsanitary.
we have now used it for a year and it has been great!
i like the diaper champ because it doesn't use specific bags.
love the diaper champ.
it's also super easy to use one-handed which is important with a squirmy infant either in your arms or on the changing table.
i've used the genie in the past and much prefer the diaper champ.
very easy to use.3.
very easy to empty.4.
my son started eating solid food and went to formula when it started stinking real bad!
this pail doesn't really keep in odors anymore and we'll probably have to get a new one, but since you can use regular garbage bags (we actually use the bags we get our groceries in because they hang perfectly) its still probably a better deal than the genie.
no special bags to buy... change at least twice per week (especially in the summer) and you are good to go.
i originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail.
simple and it works!also, for those that complain that the diaper champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind:as babies get older, their diets changes (aka solid foods!)
again, this is because as their diet changes, so does the consistency and odor of their stool, in other words, it gets stinkier!!
we have our crib matress dressed in an additional regular crib sheet underneath with a cheap matress pad below it.
this allows us to make it thru the night without having to make a full crib linen change--- at least until morning.i will certainly buy this as my gift to all my friends baby showers!
our son uses the babi italia pinehurst classic crib...bought the ultimate crib sheet for it but it doesn't fit the crib very well.
it is good for backup use if my other regular sheets are in the wash though.
it would have cost about the same price to buy an actual[...] rail cover so it works out.
i bought this based on good reviews in the baby bargains book, so i had high expectations.
if you're not using crib bumpers, the look of all the elastic pieces on the crib slats isn't too attractive.
so i use it as a water proof pad and put a sheet over the top of it, but that takes away from the ease of putting it on the mattress, since it gets tucked in the fitted sheet.
as a result, changing her sheets is also super easy.
plus, when i opened the package, it smelled of plastic.
i will do the laundry when she messes up the bed and deal with it rather risk exposure to pvc fumes.
works great to keep the mattress and sheets under dry.
it also is good enough to be used without a cover, my daughter doesnt mind it.
its practical and good for the money paid, recommended.
this is the best thing ever!
we put one on, and have the other one for an emergency.
but we've bought a couple of these.
i've also heard great things about those.
this simplifies all of that and still lets you have and see your adorable sheet set you overpaid for.
it is definitely one of the first things that i recommend to parents and i'm glad that we will have it around for our second child.
when my son was a newborn, i was able to fold it in two and placed a blanket on top to make it a little more comfortable because it is kind of scratchy.
now at four months it is at is full length and i still put a blanket on top of it.
this makes life simple and cleaner.
i have two so i just wash one and use the other.
it covers the full top surface of the crib, give or take an inch.
my daughter has used 3 of these over the last 3 months.
i used one on her crib on top of a decorative sheet, another doubled over in her playpen under a practical sheet (since the playpen pad can't be easily washed), and a third to replace whichever one she soiled most recently.
the snaps work well on small crib rails.
i highly recommend this to any new mother with an appropriate crib.
the mother had requested a couple of these.
great idea for a baby shower gift.
changing my babies sheet is effortless, thanks to this great invention.
all the praise is accurate!!!
afterwards i attempted to put a cute sheet and mattress pad in the crib... such a chore!
since then, i've had to do it myself, and i still hate it although i am getting better.the pros?it is nicely waterproof.
it is super absorbent and stays in place!
this is one a the gifts that i give at all baby showers because i think no mom should be without at least 2 of these (you need a spare!)
i'm still using the ones that i received during my baby shower.
the ultimate cribe sheet snaps off & i put a clean one on - so easy & practical!
since our daughter is a "perimeter" sleeper who likes to be up against the edges of her crib, that is a problem.the majority of parents we know have purchased convertible cribs which have thick corner posts when configured as a crib or toddler bed.
in those cases we have to just strip the whole crib anyways so the ultimate crib sheet is of little real utility for us.i could see this being a big time saver for parents with traditional cribs or those with babies/toddlers who often have various "accidents" in their cribs and need to frequently change a crib sheet on the fly.
however we have found that a waterproof pad under a normal crib sheet works just fine for our baby.
it can be simply used by itself by just fastening the straps to the sides of the crib or can be used with a more decorative sheet simply placed snugly in place over it.my daughter is now 6 months and has leaked out of her diaper on occassion, the mattress that she sleeps on cost around $120.00, so thanks to this sheet the mattress still looks the same as it did when we brougt it home.
needless to say, if you have an italian made crib, keep the packaging and the receipt.
return all those cute sheets you bought and invest in a bunch of these - you won't regret it!
i have a regular crib sheet under the ultimate crib sheet for decorative purposes and in case he needs to be placed on it if my spare is dirty.
my baby would sweat profusely.
basically, whatever was touching the mattress pad could not breath and it was uncomfortable no matter what temperature adjustment we made.i will say the design configuration is very practical and a great idea.
this pad makes it easy to clean up the crib after an accident and speed is critical in the middle of the night.i purchased a felted 100% wool mattress pad instead and couldn't be happier.
my baby stays dry and comfortable.
i am nervous that it could be dangerous once my baby is moving around more in the crib; she is only 3 months, so she stays put right now.
however, we use this when we let her air dry, and it definitely does work.
perfect gift!!!
it did not make me feel comfortable to have those straps dangling since they could have been a potential choking hazard.
buy two and put them both in the crib.
as far as the snaps falling off, my son had pyloric stenosis (severe vomiting requiring surgery) and i washed these 3 or 4 times a day for weeks.
i even washed and dried on the normal cycle (not gentle) in warm water (not cold, as is recommended).
this mattress pad/sheet creates an unsafe environment.
buy at least two of these.
easy to wash and can be used anywhere, not only crib.
i'm okay with that because i bought them for less than $4!
i love this item.
the elastic bands connecting the sheet to the crib also make me nervous.
i won't be regularly using this sheet anymore.
in a pinch (ie, diaper explosion or sick baby in the middle of the night), they make life so much easier.
it has kept accidents from leaking through and it did work well in that area, but as far as adding coziness or comfort or ease of use...it failed miserably.
go for a different crib pad that will protect and add some softness/coziness to the crib.
i tried one out and absolutely loved it!
highly recommended if you are done lifting that dang mattress up!
these only work if you crib slats are a certain size.
our newborn baby boy has been having a ball spraying us every time we change him.
love this.
it seems to be waterproof and yet doesn't make the baby sweaty.my only concern would be that since it attaches to the crib rails, there is an outside chance a baby could loosen/undo a strap.i think it would be handy to have two of these to rotate them out.
the snaps can be a little tricky to remove with one hand (say when you're holding a baby), but i generally start unsnapping while he is still in the crib.
had one during her first year.
our first one did pill on the cloth side but baby doesn't mind and it still serves it's purpose.
the straps don't line up properly with our crib rails, so it can never be totally attached to the crib.
we have a sorelle rosa crib with hidden hardware so the snaps must go around the outside of two bars for each corner.
the straps are just not long enough to effectively go around all 4 corners.
i bought these because a good friend recommended them.
this pad has worked well for my son.
he got used to it and now it is working fine.
started potty training and this has been our best purchase.
stays put.
washes well
it does what it is intended to do, protect mattress from wetness.
it is not comfortable so you have to put it under the sheet which means a lot of changing or bedding during the middle of the night if there is an accident.
turns out my daughter was sick at the time, but once i got two of these it was so easy to just move her and take this pad off to wash it instead of stripping and remaking the bed.
for a training pad these are super easy to use, wash and make acceptable with your kid.
i use this along with a water proof mattress pad, to minimize the number of times i have to launder everything, and it is fantastic.
this is an excellent mattress pad to use during potty training.
it fits across our mattress just fine and we are able to tuck it in.
i'll probably trash it and get a better one, i don't want to risk ruining my bed if my 3 year old misses the pad.
we are in the process of night-time training our 4 year old.
i purchased 5 of the full-size pads for my son over a year and a half ago and i think they are great.
), are comfortable and wash-up well.
despite these complaints, i have not been able to find a pad that is even near the quality and comfort of this one.
i also use one (full-size) on the spinmaster flip-open sofa to keep spills and accidents from staining the sofa.
it is very easy to open and i wonder about my son getting in it as he gets older.
and yes, you can still open it with one hand... your fingers are not glued to one another.
we have used this pail for 3 years, and 2 kids.
several of my friends disapproved of the diaper genie and recommended we purchase an inexpensive diaper pail that uses regular garbage bags.
purchased this unit to hold adult size large briefs and have been pleasantly surprised.
i'm having trouble finding replacement deodorizer disks though and may have to use a stick-on unit or something when a new one is required.
i think that a diaper pail is a must in the nursery.
this one has a lid that closes nicely to shut out odors.
plus if you have plugs that go sideways like our roku does.
you can't use it.
and the two small openings at the bottom of the unit are for thinner or normal sized cords only.
one less worry and just the little bit of stress relief that makes this purchase very easy for me to recommend it to all parents.
i bought these to help baby proof my house.
my son gets into everything!!
these covers are fantastic.
so you still need to be vigilant :)
there are two pieces to the outlet cover: back part replaces the outlet cover (and needs to be screwed on) and the front cover, which is released from the back cover by squeezing the two plastic pieces on the sides.
and the price is great for a 2-pack.
it projects far out from the wall, and cannot accommodate any plugs larger than a two prong (meaning non grounded) table lamp cord.
it also sits on top of the outlet cover, so there is no way to really secure it tightly and it can rotate a bit.
invest in duct tape.
if you want to run something thicker (like the wire on one of my power strips) i found i had to do a bit of modification to make it fit.
our laptops, our phone charger (samsung galaxy has a small box that plugs into wall), ipod chargers, computer charger, power strip plug, light dimming plug attached to lamp, dslr charger, baby sound machine, verizon fios plugs.
the safety 1st units are square (not pyramid shaped) and hold various plugs.
if you want to keep the plug in there forever, it is the best one.
but the first time, you still need to open it to install.
these work great to keep kids out of the plugs and are easy enough to remove by an adult.
we use them in our nursery.
we use several in our home and have had no problems.
i bought this thinking it was a great idea but you can't use it with any plugs that have a larger than standard plugs.
work it gently and it will come off easy with a little presure.
if you have something that is plugged in permanently, it may work great but don't use this for an outlet you need to access regularly.
it took both my husband and i 10 minutes to finally pry it open.
the plug won't come out of the box easily, but it can still be unplugged, and since it's harder for an adult to get fingers in the top part to plug it back in, it has to be taken apart to be plugged back in.overall, it's done the job very well, but it is big and isn't perfect (though i doubt anything is).
i love this item.
i absolutely love this item.
it fit our large power strip easily.
also very easy to use.
yes, the cover did keep the babies from actually touching the outlets in the power strip, but i could have accomplished the same thing with a couple of normal outlet covers.in the end, i rearranged our cords making the power strip & this cover unnecessary.
i enjoy how i can reach my skinny fingers into it unplug one thing and still leave it in the power strip cover but my son can still not get into it at all.
this helps from letting my daughter play with the actual outlet and plug in, but she can still pull the cord out of the plug in the inside.
this is a perfect baby proofing tool.
the strip cover will cover most standard sized power strips.
it is also easy to adjust as there is a button on the side that allows you to slide it between different sizes.
overall, best power strip cover i've seen.
we have several surge protectors throughout the house and these covers fit them well and protect the plugs and open outlets.
so far, my 2 year old has been able to pull the cords out, but hasn't been able to get his little fingers down near the outlet, which is really the important part.
one nice plus is it actually neatens the look of the power strip, instead of making it look tackier.
plus the thing is huge.
what a great idea, to protect your power strip.
i bought this power strip cover to protect my toddler from the power strip we have under a chest in our living room.
the design is sturdy and fits our power strip perfectly, it is also easy to put  together.
what is the point of this item?
it works well and keeps all the cords from being pulled.
does the job!
:)
this is the best power strip cover i have found.
we intended it to use there, but are using it in our bedroom instead.
i just ended up getting a power strip with a longer cord and moving it behind a bookcase.
this fits a very specific style of power strip.
we have a in floor outlet under our love seat that we have a power strip attached to.
we didn't want to get rid of the power stripe because it runs my husbands laptop and the table lamp.
easy to use!
great option for covering your outlets from little fingers.
adjust to different lengths by pressing the buttons.
it's about the size of a one liter soda bottle, and slides together/apart to extend the length.
it is tall enough, but not quite long enough to secure together firmly on our extra long power strip.
it still works however, and is the best solution i've found.
this power strip easily keeps my breast-pump plug secure.
it also covered as well as the other plugs :) easy to use and sturdy.
unlike that item, this cover is expandable from 9" to 13.5" in length.
the roughly-cylindrical compartment is about 3.5" wide and 4" high.
place the power strip into the inner lower cover, then replace the inner top cover, then slide the inner cover into the outer cover.the plastic is stiffer compared with the mommy's helper model, but it also seems more brittle.
it can hold a wider and higher strip and transformers than the mommy's helper model by about 3/4" in either direction, which is nice.
fits all of my cords (even my apple cords) perfectly.
works exactly as advertised.
this works pretty well to keep little hands from grabbing power strips.
keep in mind its kind of bulky i didnt think of that when ii purchased this but still a good buy for what i needed it for!
will update this is my son figures out how to take it apart.
although unfortunately for only medium sized power strips?
great for a smaller/medium sized power strip though.
this cover works well for my power strips -- all the ones in my house fit.
essential if you are in the process of baby-proofing the living daylights out of your apartment/house, as i am.
my son who is 18 months can fit his hand in this gap and  can almost reach the outlet.
my little one looooves plug ins.
the power strip for my entertainment center is a pretty standard length and size and fits in this strip cover with the cover extended fully.
when extended, the cover can wiggle, and if wiggled enough, little hands could possibly figure out how to separate the two pieces, thus gaining access to the power strip.
functional and easy to use.
they aren't the prettiest thing, but they work to keep my son safe, which is the most important.
but if you must keep your corded blinds, get the fashion wand (approved by pfwbs).
and then decide if you want to install a safety kit or remove the danger altogether.
i do usually have to open and close them to unwind, but that is okay.
although the design of these is to wind the cord shorter, when a window is open and blinds are drawn the cord does get longer.
terrifying.
it is easy to install, and works in areas with tight clearance too.
this item won't attach to a regular stove because the adhesive won't stick to the sides.
i have no complaints.
we love this oven lock.
the time now was well worth the ease in the future.
definitely a wonderful investment.
these locks just cannot be beat.
they cannot be opened at all by the child, unlike many of the other items out there.
love these.
the instructions to put the item together are small and hard to understand.
buy this item only if you have the patience to deal with many small parts and instructions that are hard to understand.
even though the tot lok is a bit pricey, it's well worth the money.my daughter's room has a cabinet that has 2 doors with an open shelf space between them.
we didn't want her to have access to the cabinets, as we store her nicer books in the cabinets.
we have these locks installed on our cabinets in our home.
with this system, they can try all they want but they cannot get in.
sometimes the doors require pressing to open, but after i figured it out..
this will be the system of choice in any additional homes we buy later on...
the locks are great.
i also could not flip the red bar to disengage it.
still, most people may want to try the adhesive locks (see below) first, to make it easier to get some child proofing done quickly.pros:+ very nice & secure once installed, especially since the fit can be adjusted to give a tight lock when closed.+ works vertically or horizontally ... that is, on the side of a door or the top.+ can easily be switched to hold the lock open, for when no children are aroundcons:- complicated to install, especially in some situations.
and as a bonus, they are so secure that even some adults can't open them!
we used other types of latches, such as the ones that you push down and the ones that you squeeze and pull apart.
we bought these magnet latches to put on our drawers in the kitchen and what a dream!!
definitely.
after it was all done, it works perfectly.
if you take your time, ready the instructions, plan it out, and execute; it works great.
you have to be patient.
the adhesive ones are easy to install but i bet my son would open them in no time.
we bought our first set 7 years ago to use with our first child.
one set of grandparents use them and an aunt too.
we prefer to leave our on at all times (even when our children don't need the cabinets locked anymore) because they are easy to turn off (just a flip of the red tab inside the cabinet) that way they are there whenever you have little ones visiting your home.
if you do happen to lose your lock you can buy a strong magnet from your home improvement store and still get it open.
after many years of fighting traditional cheap plastic child safety locks (we have a cat that likes to get into things too) and seeing our son still manage to pinch his fingers in doors (better than getting at chemicals or whatever, but still!
), our pediatrician recommended these to us.
the newer models work even easier than the original ones we purchased years ago.
we use these in several places over the house and love the convenience, but piece of mind it gives.
when they work, they are awesome.
these locks are fantastic, but wow, what a pain to install.
they were correctly installed by my husband, but the magnet is just not strong enough to get it to open.
i am opening a home daycare and these are some of the only locks that are approved by the state of washington.
love these, my son can not open anything now.
everything is totally safe in our home now because of these
i am sure we will use these in the future, but i wanted to post saying that our doctor recommended an emery board to avoid the risk of cutting the skin of a newborn because their nails are so close to it.
i like that the grip it small enough to fit in my hand easily but not too big to make me clumsy.i love the grip, that it moves with me and keeps me stable so that i only clip nails.
it will not work for big people nails, which is nice - it means i can always find it when i need!i highly recommend these clippers to caregivers of infants and toddlers.
on the first use of this item a sliver of metal fell off.
1.
2.
3.
in addition, my request to return the item was closed before the return approval process was completed!
nice clippers, easy to hold in the hand.
great grip .
easy to hold and easy to use, we love it and it helps stop our son from scratching his face up at night.
i will defiantly recommend it.
the extra add-on is awesome for long-fingered parents!
my whole family have ten mile long limbs, which includes incredibly long fingers so having that extra knobby thing attached to the nail clippers to hold onto makes it much less scary to bring a sharp object to your babies fingers.i suggest you always cut their nails when they're sleeping, though.
haha
so the baby nail clippers are tiny!
my hands are always very dry and it slides around a bit, but nothing like how those tiny ones fall out of my hand.
i received a different nail clipper as a baby shower gift.
the size is perfect for her little fingers.
i could easily see my baby's nails and clip them without fear of cutting her.
and the blade is sharp enough to cut the nail off in one clip.
i know they make these with a huge bulb on them now, but i still use the pairs of these i had from 10.5 years ago when my son was born.
i clip my 10 and 4 year olds' nails with these and they are steady and perfect and still clip fine.
just bought a pair for a new mom-to-be friend, and have gifted them in the past.
not bulky, sharp and great quality.
highly recommended.
these are comfortable to hold and make it easy to cut my baby's nails without cutting them too short or struggling to hold onto the tiny clippers.
we had the summer infant clippers first.
they came in a two-pack, with a smaller clipper and a larger clipper.
i bought this pair of clippers because of the rave reviews on amazon.com.
by the time they're in a firm, steady grip, my baby has wiggled away, and i have to start over.
they won't touch the metal ones, but these work really easy even for them to clip their own nails.
all three of these nail trimmers are in the "hospital's choice" series.overall, i prefer the 49523/49539 model (see customer images) because it is more comfortable to hold for the following reasons.
third, the lever has the same soft orange or blue non-skid rubbery material at the end, thus providing a cushion for your thumb.in terms of cutting nails, the very good performance of this model and the 49523/49539 are the same.
(they both leave the nail edges a little sharp, so some filing is necessary.)
clipping baby nails is one of the most stressful things.
this nail clipper is small, but handles very well and the thicker handles make it an easier process.
this is baby nail clipper #4 that we've tried, and our search is finally over.
it's sharp enough to cut nails on the first try and the white bulb is pretty comfortable to hold.
what more do you need in a pair of baby nail clippers?the losers:- safety 1st model 49539 (has the holder for emery boards) - the grip is comfortable but the clippers are blunt and therefore useless.
the emery board is useful.- dubon baby nail clipper (the kind that you wear on your finger like a ring) - has the safety guard so you don't catch the baby's skin in the clippers, but that makes it almost impossible to clip the actual nail.
his finger bled, my son cried and i panicked.
they are very safe.
i shudder to think of using nail clippers again, especially now that i have to chase my son around the room to cut his nails.
i know that every doctor says an oral temperature doesn't count, you have to take a rectal one.
but seriously, i hate taking my sons rectal temperature.
i have found it to be really accurate, unlike the ear one, which reads completely different on each ear.
plus it is so small i bought a second one for our diaper bag.
when i bought this item, i thought this was a really clever way to take a baby's temperature.
i use this thermometer only on occasion.
it's getting harder for my baby to accept this "pacifier", now that she is on the larger, 6-month-plus sized pacifiers.
also, check with your doctor about how to take accurate readings: our pediatrician said that a rectal thermometer was the most accurate for the early weeks of her life.
i bought this pacifier when my son was 3 months old, wiggly and had his first temp.
it helped sooth my nerves.it wasn't, however, very accurate.
when he first put it in his mouth, i would get different readings back-to-back.
**update**i ended up getting the temporal scanner instead, and have found it very accurate and time efficient.
my girls are currently 14 months old and love their binky pacifiers but i've tried to get them to use this to take their temps several times and they make a face & push it right out.my girls hate & have always hated having their temperature taken under the arm pit but they do not mind it taken rectally, it is very easy and the most accurate.
i use an exergen temperal for when they are sleeping because it is accurate enough to let me know if they have a temp and if it is a high temp.
if it shows they have a higher temp then i get them up and take their temp rectally to make sure i get the most accurate temperature.
my baby is two years old now and he loves his pacifiers.
no baby is going to keep a pacifier in his mouth long enough to actually get the temperature measured if it is not his (her) pacifier that he (she) loves and always uses.
don't buy this.
i never wanted a tub because i was not impressed with anything i found but my sister got me this as a shower gift.
i just don't think baby is comfortable in it.
turns out it is the perfect cushion (it has suction cups) to attach inside our sink and put baby in for baths.
the cushion also allows me to flip baby over so i can wash his back.
he just lies on the soft terry cloth.
my grandmother got this tub for my 3 month old son to use while visiting.
my son seems comfortable, but he prefers to have more water to splash in than this one holds.
i am sorry i bought this tub.
it is very uncomfortable for my daughter.
used it since she was about 3 weeks old.
and the plug is waaaaay too hard to plug -  it's an enormous effort to plug it each time.i've switched to the first years infant to toddler tub and it is way bigger, nicer, more comfortable, and it has no areas to pinch fingers or toes.
my son got his first bath in it at only 3 days old.
i admit, that was a little tricky.
the tub has been great, but now that my son is 17 lbs.
this is ok for the short time that i am actually going to use it because it does get the job done.
my daughter is 4 months old and still fits in it.
we first saw this fold-up infant tub in the nicu unit where our baby stayed for her first 4 weeks.
its ability to be easily stored was a big plus in the hospital, as well as at home.
we use our tub in the kitchen sink.
oddly enough, we have found that our baby likes to sit in the tub backwards (once she could hold up her head).
this positon is more upright and also makes it easier to wash her hair.
we use the kitchen sprayer on low and place a washcloth over our baby's torso which we frequently re-wet with warm water to keep her from getting cold.
our baby is still a bit small for 4 months, but we anticipate that this tub will work for several more months.
our baby loves bath time!- our baby is now 8 months old and about 16 pounds.
this fold-up tub was a great purchase for us!
the plug has a little rim around it that sits up.
i'm sure this helps prevent leaks, but it also prevents all water from adequately draining out.
i have been using this tub since my sons very first bath.
at first he hated to take a bath and now he loves it.
as long as you don't overfill it, it works just fine.
we used to keep the water running into the tub the entire time we were bathing our son and this worked out great.
the water was always the right temperature and our son loved the splashing from the faucet.
this tub is incredible for a newborn.
it's non-skid surface really helps hold baby in place, and it's size makes it very easy to bathe your baby.
it folds up nicely & we stored it under the bathroom sink.
however, after a couple of months, we moved our daughter into a bigger tub so that she could kick her feet & move around more.
i will definitely use this tub again for our next newborn!
and as soon as baby can sit, that is if she hasn't outgrown this small tub by then, she will not want to lay down at the angle this tub puts her at.
also, you can't fill it to the level you would want because of the way its reclined.
we only used for a few weeks before just bringing her in the tub with mom and washing her that way.
we have limited storage so this works great & fits in the sink perfectly.
my daughter is very comfortable in it.
i still give her her bath in the bathroom, and just sit her tub in the big tub.
it uses less water, her head is elevated, and she's a little higher.
it is a great tub, and a great price!
i used this tub with my son and boy do i miss it!
they both work and get the job done but for space reasons being able to fold it and put out of the way is much nicer imo...
i got this as a shower gift.
i am a rn and quite used to giving baths in different settings so it is not inexperience talking here.
baby loves bathtime and is 6 months old.lets just say that this tub is downstairs with the rest of the lawnsale stuff for this year.....
i used this tub with my 1st son almost 4 years ago and now i bought a new one for my 2nd son born this year.
living in an apartment, this tub is great for small spaces.
the only reason i am giving it 4 stars is because i had to buy a sponge to use on top of this in order to keep my son from slipping.
i bought this tub without doing any research on it.
i bought it because i liked the idea of it growing with my baby.
also, i have yet to get it to shrink, so i have this huge tub in the bathroom all the time.
but anyone with an infant knows that they kick and squirm and i found it very hard to use.
anyway,...i love this tub.
i used another tub for my son for the first 3 months, and that tub became too small, so i purchased this one.
i'm so glad i did.at 3 months, my son was large for his age, but unable to sit up yet, so this tub was perfect.i've given it 4 stars instead of 5 because i agree with the other comments that it is not easily collapsible to store, and it is bulky, but we simply let it dry in the bathroom overnight and store it under his crib during the day - so space turned out to not be so much of a problem.i have had no issues with the tub leaking though.
we've only used this tub a handful of times because our son is only 3 weeks old.
it takes my husband and i to bathe him b/c the tub offers no help.
it would be just as easy to put him in our full size bath tub.
it was tough to pop the tub into the expanded version, but that tight fit means it won't leak.
still no problems.
between the two girls we've been using this tub for 22 mo.
it has never leaked, not once.
the green net comes with the tub is easy to use.
it is great!
this blue gear is awesome.
in the beginning i put the tub on my bathroom counter, but when they started splashing water all over the place, i put this tub in our regular bath.
i've used this tub since my baby was born 6 months ago.
i registered for this bath tub and recieved it as a shower gift.
everything on the tub works well.
70% of the time, the tub doesn't leak.
my husband, an md and engineer says it is obviously incapable of maintaining a reliable seal.
look at it!
a phase that this tub doesn't suitably deal with.
i took it back and bought a basic tub and a foam bear pad to lay her on.
less $$ and easy to use.
i regret not getting the kind which sling stretches across and keeps baby buoyant.
buy at your own risk.
we decided to try it without the ring and it was a little challenging holding him in place while washing him, but we managed.
the newborn sling is nice, and lets baby have contact with the water without feeling overwhelmed.
baby loves to explore the tub, and the secure bath ring helps keep him safely and securely in one place.
he is now almost 20 mos and we still use it with the bath ring in place because he likes it better that way, too!
it doesn't colapse or open easily leaving a large tub.
we put the baby tub in the big bath tub and our little one loves to take baths.
but once we figured that out we had no problems.
now we use it in our regular tub and it saves us from having to waste a tubful of water for one tiny person to bathe.
our son is now almost one and he still loves this tub, great value!
this was fine though, i planned to use it on our kitchen counter.
i received this tub as a gift at my baby shower.
my son absolutely hated bath time until i bought the seat that sits in the bath tub and now he is happy.
i was surprised to read all those negative reviews regarding this tub.
i've had absolutetly no leaks with this tub, and the suction cups still work great.
the bathring works great, and can be moved out of the way when baby is old enough to sit alone.
although i still use the bathring so my daughter cant stand up all the time.
i think this tub is great!!!
it is a piece of junk.my baby was very uncomfortable in this tub, you also only have one free hand to wash the baby .
my only issue is the tub is large and we have a small bathroom.
well, i loved it when we first had our daughter.
she never cried during her baths.
i wish it was somewhat larger.
finally, after reading great online reviews i bought the eurobath.
love it!!!!!
from day one my son had a great time in his new (huge) tub.
he is comfortable and there is enough water around him to keep him warm and for him to splash.
it does a good job.
this tub is okay, but not the best there is.
our son is 3 months old and fairly long, 25 inches.
we soon found that while these are very sturdy and adaptable, they are tall enough that they are a hassle to step over.
you (and your toes) will be much happier.
when our son started rolling into chairs, we knew we needed something to keep him safe.
and when our son starts crawling, we can completely close it and know that he won't be able to sneak off.
we bought this play area to keep our 15 month old daughter safe while we worked outside.
best of all, is that it is very light and easy to carry, as well as having an excellent carry strap.
superyard xt is an excellent product for child containment, providing exactly the protection a parent desires for outdoor play.
it isn't a very large gate- even when fully extended, it covers an area only about the size of a medium to large playpen.
but it offers enough space to keep one or two kids (and their toys) safely occupied.superyard xt holds up well and i have left it outside during harsh weather conditions with no problems.
the panels fold together and the carrying strap makes the job even easier still.
the panels do not fold completely flat- they do have some thickness, so don't expect this gate to fit into a tiny space.
there is no need to dissemble the panels or open the gate to get inside.superyard xt is solid and sturdy but consumers must be careful to position it properly.
the gates cannot be placed in a straight line because the design of the gate diminishes its effectiveness when used in this manner.
each one of the joints has to be bent in order to become sturdy.
placed in a straight line, the gate cannot resist pressure and it will fall over with the slightest push.the only complaint i have with superyard xt is the small space it covers.
this kit consists of two additional panels and while this doesn't sound like much, it increases the area substantially and it makes the gate capable of handling two kids with no problems.overall, superyard xt is a very good gate for child or pet containment.
it offers kids a place to play where they are well- protected, giving parents some much needed peace of mind.
the 'superyard xt' is also great for puppies, and more humane than crating them for hours.
this has system has given me peace or mind.
i know my grand daughter is safe while she is entertaining herself.
we will be able to start bringing it outdoors as well now that the weather is improving!i also am planning on purchasing another one to use to "gate off" 2 over-sized entrance ways to my family room.
definitely, a very sturdy gate that won't just fall apart when pulled or tagged by my son, now 14 months.
a great investment for a lifelong use.
we bought it over a year ago (with the extension) and have used it every day since.
when my daughter outgrew the octoganal arrangement, we just opened it up and have used it to block her from the kitchen and other dangerous areas.
highly recommended.
we originally purchased the yard to wrap around our stone wall/fireplace.
we use them as a deterant and not as a "babysitter."
anyway, well worth the cost for a variety of uses!
we bought 3 sets... family is buying them also.
it's great that you can adjust the individual pieces.i recommend buying the extra parts to have a larger space for baby to roam in.
we have great fun playing in it together!
this is our experience.
your mileage may vary.plus side: the fence itself is robust and basically indestructable.
it has been wonderful.
she gave herself a nice red spot on her head when she hit the &quot;hinge joint&quot; part of the pen that concerned me, but it wouldn't be very effective if it wasn't sturdy.
to remedy it as best as i could, i have placed stuffed animals or larger toys in front of the corners.
i still think that her rare head bonks are a good trade off for other huge catastrophies that would be occuring daily in or house.
she doesn't protest to being put in it because she has a sense of freedom and scoots all around and is still be able to see us.
and we can keep an eye her as well.
it is the perfect size as not to intrude on living room space but big enough to hold her ever-growing little body and a ton of her toys.
we bought a second one for upstairs and we're going to try to connect them together for outdoor occasions.
it contains his crate, wee-wee pad and food bowl with plenty of room for him to play around in.
i bought a second one to use as a gate to keep him from going up our stairs.
one drawback is the gate is a little difficult to open at times in case you want to just walk in.
but i was able to use it for other purposes which was great, such as enclosing the fireplace.
our baby never liked to be penned in anywhere, but we use it to gate off the "band area" of the basement.
a good purchase that can be used in multiple ways.
it holds position nicely.
welcome to the toddling/scootching/crawling years, where you can't ever get a break unless you have some way of keeping junior from getting away.the superyard is a foldable rigid-plastic fencing system for creating what we called back in the day a play pen.
it works for indoor and outdoor areas, and the optional extensions can be used to make rather large enclosures quite easily.we bought this as a replacement for the pack-n-play type portable play yard.
it takes some strength and adult wile to open the sections and bend the connectors at various angles to thus reconfigure the overall shape.
if you put a 120 degree angle at each of "joints" and form at least a hexagon (with the basic model) or an octagon (with the model plus one extension), you get an incredibly stable structure.
your little bruiser may be able to push it around a bit, but your average baby isn't going to get very far.
(if you want to be extra sure, just put the kid in some shoes, which will make it impossible to use his toes to grab the lattice holes.
so while he objects to being set down alone, a little distraction with a forgotten toy and the reassurance of being able to see the parent through the "wall" usually suffices to make us both happy.
i bought this and it was great!
my oldest son even liked to get in with her to play so she was never &quot;lonely&quot;.i also used this outdoors a lot during summer months.
my family is big on campfires and cookouts and this was a great way to ensure her safety, yet not have her confined to a play pen!
we bought this play yard when our son was 2 months old and we love it!
in a clean space away from our curious doggies.
it can be configured into different shapes and easily moved.
we bought the superyard xt to use as a playpen area for our son.
the superyard is fantastic when it comes to size and it very sturdy if you mount it to the wall or bolt it into the floors but we prefer not to put holes all over the walls or into our concrete slab.
has options available to make it sturdy and permanent in placement.3.
able to see though the gates, great for both parent and child.4.
white color, very nice can match just about anything.7.
it was great for both indoor and outdoor use.
it is easy to put together and i purchased an additional section to make it even larger.
this gate is an indispensable thing in our household.
we have twins and it seems to keep our kiddos as well as all their stuff in one place.
this is the best gate!!
today, she flailed herself towards the cube and banged her eye socket against one of the corners.
it's been many months since we bought this and baby is still interested in it.
worth the $$.
we got our twin boys this mozart magic cube for christmas, when they were 6 months old.
who is very chatty and outgoing.
i didn't buy this for my son because some reviews said the sounds weren't true to the instrument.
i am so glad someone bought this for my son.my son is 5 months old.
i like that it's colorful and the education it provides with the instruments (mommy and daddy are crazy music lovers) as well as the simplicity of the toy.
hopefully she'll enjoy it for a few more months!
great item, my baby loves the music, i love it as well pressing all the buttons, i would def.
recommend this item.
she smacks it, turns it around, bites the corners.
very happy with it!
we received it early on and i think he liked the sounds of it somewhat.
i bought this for my 4-month old son.
however, communicating with drugstore.com and the whole return process is a significant hassle.
the also blamed the deceptive picture they used on a glitch with the manufacturer.
bought this as a gift because we love the one we own!
we received a used one as gift when my daughter was 9 months and it has held up great over the years.
both of my kids love it too.
also, it is a great size to travel with for road trips.
we have also given it as a gift and the one year old loves it.
i worked in the church nursery for over 4 years with this toy in one of the toyboxes available to the children.
we got this as a baby shower gift and my son has loved it since he was about 3 months old.
he is now almost 18 months and he knows which songs he likes over other ones.
the corners are very soft and it is very easy for a baby to turn on and off.
he loves moving it around the room.
a few of the sounds could be improved.
my daughter played with this a lot for a few weeks.
now at 15 months, she periodically touches it when passing by.
it has a nice selection of music.
my twin babies, now 9 months, liked this one right away.
has 8 recognizable tunes and easy enough for our 9 month old to figure out.
nice silicone-esque edging makes it easy to grip and keeps from sliding.
the children love it and it is so simple and unobtrusive.
the music is pleasant.
i love this toy, and so does my 13 month old son.
lately, he has also started experimenting with the different instruments, both alone and together.
we both keep pushing the instruments to hear more music.
buttons are nice and soft enough that baby can activate them.
she carries this around everywhere.
just watch the toes as it is a bit heavy.
i bought this for my 3-year old daughter as one of her christmas present from santa claus, she is not that into it, i think this is best for kids age 6 months to 2 years.
the more she figures out how it works, the more the likes it.
hands-down one of the best purchases we made.
my son fell in love with this around age 6 months and still plays with it at 1 1/2.
the music is lovely and it teaches kids cause and effect, and then how to combine melodies.
a really fantastic gift.
i highly recommend it!
he has always loved music from a young age.
he like to hit the various buttons and it is small enough for him to carry around.
it also can take lots of abuse.
my 4 year old daughter will play with it as well.
as she gets older, she can use the cube to learn about different kinds of sounds and about colors.
it is actually very difficult (and maybe impossible) to remove these pieces entirely from the toy, and that presents a danger of poked eyes and scratches.
there seems to be no way to remove them entirely.
at least not for a small baby.
munchkin mozart magic cube.nice music, interesting concept (one instrument per side).
good quality.
we've had it since my son was tiny - as an infant, he liked to look at the lights and colors.
at 18 months, he dances to the music and loves pressing the buttons.
the music is pleasant - my only complaint is that it only has one volume setting.one word of caution, if you have a climber - this toy makes a great stepping stool for toddlers who like to climb out of their cribs.
:)we love the music cube - highly recommend it!
it lasts for years, offering various entertainments to various ages of kids.
classical music is awesome for babies and little ones, so we love this.
the rubberized bumpers on the corners are fantastic for safety.
we're never giving away this adorable musical toy.
my husband, son and i all love this toy.
i love that he (1 year old) can be exposed to fun classical music with a toy that engages him.
he loves that it all lights up (when the buttons on any side are pressed) and he has fun pressing the buttons on the different sides and seeing and hearing the difference it makes (pressing one side engages or unengages the instrument during the song).
we could see the pleasure on her face.
she loved to play with some more than others.
however, she was always constantly drawn back to this -- the sounds of the music from different instruments was a great source of fascination.as she gets older, the way that she handles munchkin mozart magic cube becomes more selective and sophisticated.
this is one of the best toys we have ever seen to develop delight in music!she is beginning to talk now, and i feel certain that her first words will be, "get me a harpsichord now!!
"love it!
my one year old son has played with this toy since he was 6 months old and it still entertains him.
while the instruments do sound a bit synthetic, the toy still provides an introduction to different instruments and how multiple instruments can create a complex music piece.
this item has been a life saver for me!
the music is good and there are a lot of different choices.
my son loves to dance to music now.
our 8 month old loves to &#34;bang&#34; things so this is perfect.
great buy!
great buy!!
at 3.5 she still loves it and she sits and plays with it along with her 9 month old brother now.
i must say i'm guilty of purchasing anything that has &#34;mozart&#34; in the name, since i love classical music and mozart is my favorite composer.
when i bought it my baby was a newborn, so mostly i played with it.
but now my baby is seven months old and absolutely adores it.
i bought it for my love, it's very nice as the description, my girl loves that a lot.
my 19-month-old son loves to press the buttons to turn on and off different instruments, change the song playing, and just listen to the music and dance and clap to it.
the french horn, however, is barely recognizable as a brass instrument, and doesn't have any of the beauty and timbre of sound that a real french horn does.
on the newer munchkin version, only the piano sounds like the same family of instrument - kind of like a harpsichord, as one musically-trained reviewer has noted.
this is a great musical toy.
the sound difference is amazing.
what a great musical toy!
i highly recommend it.
our kid loves it, plays with it all of the time.
my 13 month old son loves playing with this.
they have so much fun rolling it and hitting the big buttons to make beautiful music.
i love the bouncy ball style corners to keep baby from injuring himself.
i love the classical music that does not sound like your typical synthetic baby music.
(it does stand up to the beating, so that is a plus.)
my little one loves this toy (and my nephew loved his many years ago too).
i bought this but my little one is definitely not old enough yet to grasp the concept...but she is getting there and lives to play with it, and so do i!
love it, bought one for my nephew and cousin too!
i bought this for my 19 month old son based upon the reviews of others.
the music is great, the sound quality is surprisingly good, and the ability to add/remove instruments from each piece being played is very clever.
in addition, it seems to be well made, with rubber bumpers on the corners.
highly recommended.
also, i thought each instrument would play its own melody, how it would in a real orchestra.
i was really disappointed, and my daughter prefers the music buttons from her tiny love activity center.
all the grand kids loved it and do the parents.
it's a great gift for years.
durable and practice, a must.
the corners are also rubbery, so you don't need to worry about sharp edges.
so, first when i opened it i tried to remove the packaging strings and there was no way to remove them so i ended up cutting them (but a small piece was left inside the cube at 4 corners) ...
both he and my 2 year old love it.
it is wonderfully sturdy, and has many music functions.
my 2 yr old will announce each instrument as she adds them into the melody.
my husband is a music educator, and he gives this a big thumbs up!
my baby received this as a christmas gift, and she likes it quite a bit, hence the second star.
!my older children like to turn this on to play with their little sister, and it is ok for the first few minutes, but it is so darned loud, i'm practically loosing my mind.
but please munchkin, for the sanity of future parents receiving this as a gift, put a volume control on it!!
!if you are looking for a great gift for a parent, seriously considerplayskool busy poppin' pals (colors may vary), it's lasted through 3 kids, six years, and still going strong.
the music is clear.
and, in my opinion, it's an exceptional toy that will keep most children entertained which, in and of itself, is a blessing.
my 6 month old has fallen headfirst onto the cube and has cut her forehead and chin and jaw on the hard(!)
unpadded edges.
definitely not for under 1 year olds.
she has loved it from the very beginning and her interaction with it as she grows is ever changing and stimulating.
it is an incredibly well designed item and very sturdy as well.this is an excellent choice for a baby gift.
sturdy toy, fun to push all the buttons.
the violin doesn't sound at all like a violin.
bought it based upon favorable reviews.
she'll sit with her books and press the on the box for the pleasant tunes.
my husband and i really enjoy the music.
my son has special needs.
i know that there are no sharp edges and my baby won't hurt herself.i'm not sure this toy carries a lot of educational / developmental value but it's nice.
my son likes to grab hold of it while rolling around and sometimes he drops it on himself and cry...
and the best part?
the instruments sound so realistic that it's enjoyable to listen to.
thus i bought it because i figured we could return it if it was really that bad.i honestly think that it is better than the old one!
as you can see in the pictures, the munchkin version is all different colors and visually appealing.the sound quality is just as good, and the batteries get used up a little more slowly in the munchkin version.
it introduces them to some new music plus some musical instruments they might not encounter otherwise.
they actually play with it together, which is rare.
seems simple, but both my 6 month old and 3 year old enjoy playing with this toy.
the sounds are also pleasant and not as annoying as most musical kids toys.
she is just learning to turn it over and press the different buttons to get the different sounds.
overall a great purchase.
my daughter loves it and i love it too.its a fun fun fun musical toy!!
the edges are carefully covered with smooth soft plastic.
awesome buy!
my son seems to love looking at it and pushing the buttons, i think once he is a bit older he might appreciate it more.
i got it for my 1 year old son.
he likes to push the buttons and listen to the music.
currently likes to kick the buttons with his feet and loves the music (as do i).
music is more pleasant to adult ears than most other musical toys.
she happily tapped on the large buttons to hear each instrument and stayed engaged for at least half an hour each time she played with it.
now at almost 16 months old, she has figured out how to play with it more, understanding that she can change the melody to each song and is just starting to realize with true understanding that she can add/remove an instrument to change the song to her liking.
the instruments sound lovely, the songs are pleasant and will not annoy you as other toys do, and most of all, this toy is educational because it engages children to think and can be enjoyed for many, many years to come!
he always grabs it first in a pile of toys and loves the music.
my son has this cube; i bought this as a gift for my sister's son...it is great.
great for little ones that are learning "cause and effect."
got this as a gift when baby was 5 months.
he liked mouthing the somewhat soft corners and i played it for him.
the quality of music is very good, not mechanically computerized like some toys.
baby likes it.
it has a very solid feel, which worried me at first because i was afraid baby would hurt himself face-planting into it, but no injuries.
the corners are rounded and slightly rubbery.
i bought this for my 9 mo.
each of the instruments plays a different part of a song and each instrument is playing a part "true" to what the instrument does in a real orchestra.
i love that this cube respects this concept.
i bought this when my baby was less than a year old.
he loved it.
it is easy for their uncoordinated hands to use and interesting enough that they continue to explore it.
it has bright lights and different musical instruments to select from or to blend together.
the coolest thing about this cube is that you can push the different sides to have that specific instrument play in the song.
it's great for your kids learning to hear different songs.
baby got this at 3 monhs and still loves it after a year, so many ways to play with it and the sound is really fine!
great buy, andone which travels with baby easily
my six month old grandchild loves this even though she is still somewhat young to fully appreciate it.
this cube stimulates touch, sight, and sound in a creative way.
there are no sharp corners.
while i have not heard that cube, i have played mozart pieces on the piano and also have cds of various of his works, so i am familiar with his music.
our toddler plays and dances to it a lot.
the sounds it produces are really sharp and the music is great.
with a music background, i really want to expose my son to beautiful, classical music.
this is not the item to do that with.
our little one loves this toy and plays with it over and over again, starting at 4 months and still now (6.5 months).
she uses it to support herself while sitting up and explores the buttons with complete concentration.
recommended.
and, with the click of the "orchestra" side, the song changes.so glad i bought this!update 6/10: my son will be 12 months old this weekend and he still loves his mozart cube!
i bought this for our grandson for his 1st  birthday.
he loves music and he loves his magic cube.
it is easy for him to push and he figured out that each side makes a different sound really quick.
it is very sturdy and the music quality is good for a toy.
our daughter would always get up and complain about her butt hurting.
you could end up with pinched fingers or a soaked tot.
bought this as a replacement for my son's first potty seat, this one is much better.
not as padded, which means it won't rip open and harbor a bunch of bacteria.
it works well enough, and the colors aren't as bright as they appear in photo nor is the design exactly the same.
colors are nice and seat is soft and easy to clean.
), the rigid plastic base still cuts a ridge into his legs (the seat squishes all the way down).
the urine guard at the front is also a separate piece just tucked in between the seat and the base, so when my son climbs on, he sometimes knocks it out of place (doesn't guard well then).
the description said it works with round and oval seats.
great, colorful graphics!
we bought this potty seat to leave at her grandma's house,  and she loves it.
she wouldnt go potty on the training potty for the longest time and as soon as we put this one on the big potty, she went #1 & #2 and is well on her way to being potty trained.
my daughter loves the spongebob theme.
my son loved the seat... until i put him on it.
i have 2 complaints: 1.)
great seat!
we have 3 of these (1st was a gift; subsequent others purchased from amazon after successful use).
i bought this from the wish list of a homeless shelter where i live.
the package blatantly lies in saying that it fits elongated seats - it will fit, but it'll also slide around and leave large gaps.
my home has a mix of elongated/round seats, and i found that the baby bjorn rung is the best for the larger bowls.
we use that for our elongated seats, and this ring for the tiny toilet that's in the hallway.
it is a nice design and my son love that thomas, percy, & james are all on his potty seat.
the one problem is that it does not have a splash guard.
my son was attached as soon as it saw it so i couldn't return it.
check when you buy one of these.
if you have a boy you may not want to buy this unless it has the splash guard.
and once on, her feet don't touch her fairly tall step stool.
from what i've seen pee guards are needed by some kids, not by others - regardless of sex.
fine.
i've added two simple drawer pull knobs to our primo ducka potty seat.
i think that the splash guard makes it a bit of a tight squeeze for my son to sit on the potty--we need to put him on carefully so as not to pinch anything.
my son is almost 2.5 years old, and has been potty training for about a month.
she absolutely loves this potty seat!
the fact that is dora is a huge bonus for her.
he was not pleased.
neither was i.i also have a two mini-potties, the fisher price froggy and singing ducky.
the pee guard on the froggy potty is great.
highly recommend the froggy potty if you are in the market.
i suppose its ok as a travel one if you need that.
it holds up well and she seems to enjoy seeing dora.
i wish it was permanently attached to the seat.
i just started potty training my two year old son and i found the thomas potty seat to be a great incentive.
the seat is cushioned so it's nice and comfortable and it fits nicely on most seats.
for boys, it does come with a splash guard.
it stays in place most of the time, but it is easy to misplace.
were it not for this problem, this is a terrific seat and my kids both loved them.
we had a seat sort of like this when my son was training - and lost it.
no handles made it easier to travel with.
works very well and he really liked the spiderman all over the potty.
he used it and all is working well - i also bought the step stool (thomas the train logo on step stool).
my daughter is having some hard time with potty training, especially number 2.
and the size is just right.
very sturdy and easy to clean (you can separate the cushion from the plastic, to clean separately).
my toilet is not exactly the same shape (the potty seat is somewhat rounder), but it is sturdy enough so it is not a problem.we love it and i highly recommend it.
my in laws have one at their house that we leave there and their toilets are round seats (kohler and american standard).
my nearly 2 year old son wants to use the potty, but has trouble with the splash guard/cup on this model.
he loves elmo and wants to carry this seat around but will not use it.
we also bought the primo ducka.
i was so surprised by the generosity of that offer.
this is colorful, soft, and makes lots of fun sounds babies love.
no magic, just what you see people.
you want more, prepare to crawl and bark.
this little worm has been great for my little one.
the squeakers are two different pitches which is also fun.
still works great.
we are very happy with our purchase
my child loves this toy so if it is good for them it is definitely worth 5 stars.
on amazon the price is right as well.
i will not fix it now since i'm sure i'll have more to fix later.
this gate doesn't have that "platform" and it is still very sturdy.
if 'evenflo' addresses these, this gate will easily merit a top score.
the gate itself is made of sturdy and aesthetically appealing wood.
the mechanical 'lock latch' inspires confidence in that you can actually feel and hear it 'click into place', which gives one peace of mind.
in summation, this gate is sturdy and excellent, and a good value.
these gates are meant to be used with proper supervision, and never as a replacement for.
peace of mind without breaking the bank is what this provides you.
it keeps our 100 lb dog out of the cat litter, and it will keep our 6 mo old boy out, too, once he can crawl and walk.
we have two of these gates and we couldn't be more pleased with them.
we don't feel the slightest twinge of concern when our 1 year old leans against this gate at the top of the steps.
the gate is so simple to open and close.
a small child would not be able to do it on his or her own though.
we've tried lots of gates and this one is our favorite.
i have four different gates in my house, and this, by far, is the most secure and stable.
also, the gate now leans.
my son has been able to push it out since he started crawling.
we plan to replace within the next couple of paychecks.
i actually love having this gate at the bottom of our stairs!
the wall-mounted parts are very small and hardly noticeable when the gate is stored away.
i highly recommend this gate.
we recently moved into a new house and bought and installed 3 of these gates.
within one week, our 13 month old broke two of the gates.
however, the unlatching mechanism for the gate can be tricky at times.
sometimes when it unlatches, it can pinch your fingers, and you have to get both the top and bottom of the gate in the correct angle, or else it won't open.
i find myself double checking constantly to make sure the top and bottom have both "clicked" into their respective spot because it doesn't always on first try.
we purchased the first years hands free gate for a different room (not a stairway) and it works great.
so simple, easy to install, and very secure.
it is worth the money to invest in a better quality gate if you can afford it.
we love this gate!
we purchased two, one for the top of the stairs and one for downstairs.
you can take the gate part off when not needed, yet it is safe enough for the top of the stairs.2.
even 5 year olds still cannot open it.
you can buy extra sets of hardware to move the gate around depending on the circumstances.4.
we currently live in housing on base in germany and the stairs are very wide and unusual.
i got this gate since it is made for the top of the stairs and was wide enough for our staircase.
it works great!
no complaints here my son is 10 months and pulls up on everything so it is nice to know he is safe!
the one hand open is really simple and i like it more than any gate i have seen at friends houses.
update: 6-months later - the sliding mechanism has loosened up considerably with use.
and also be aware that little hands can still get pinched in between the actual rungs when you're opening it.
these gates have been great for my sanity.
at first we bought a big playard gate that we opened up to cover two sets of stairs.
now we have these walk-through stair gates which are easy to use when holding the baby.
these gates i know they are locked and they are much sturdier.
i highly recommend this gate.
the dinosaurs are colorful and there are a lot of them to arrange on the little background.
i am happy with the number and look of the dionos, trees and volcanoes.
we play with them outside and they work fine for that.
i bought this set for my almost 3-year old son.
he likes them okay, i'm thinking we'll get more play out of them later.
i bought these for my 2 yr old for easter, and he loves this set!
the &#34;mat&#34; that it comes with is a cheesy piece of plastic and not to scale, and we rarely use it, but a great value just for all the dinos and the storage bin.
my daughter loved it!
for weeks she would get it out on a daily basis to arrange the dinosaurs on their &#34;terrain.&#34;  from a girl's perspective, it's really cute in that there are small versions of the big dinosaurs included, so kids can group &#34;mommy&#34; dinosaurs with &#34;baby&#34; dinosaurs.
the bottom of each of the dinosaurs states what dinosaur it is a model of.
i use a set of flash cards with information about the dinosaurs in combination with these dinosaurs to teach my son while we play.
overall, i would recommend these my son finds them fun to play with and they stimulate his imagination.
purchased for our 2 year old grandson and he loves the dinosaurs.
my son loves to play "dino world" just about every day!!
the tub is great for storing the set & theres plenty of room for more things.
we received as a gift, so our annoyance is probably moderated.
this review is for product misrepresentation.-- only received 1 out of 2 volcanoes.-- image provided with the expressive boy in red shirt is completely misleading.
the scene is completely different from that image.
the real image has none of the detail.-- "rocks" are completely useless three-sided thin pieces of grey sides, thus no bottoms and sometimes missing a side altogether.
over-priced small dinosaurs, 6 trees, and a small plastic bin.
comes with 20 dinosaurs, 12 small rocks, a large volcano, a medium sized volcano, 6 trees, and a play mat.
this set is great.
it is still great.
all the rest of the stuff is high quality and the tub is great for keeping everything together.
i'm really happy with the size of all the dinosaurs.
the tub of dinosaurs and trees are pretty cool and abundant.
no complaints about this one.
baby loves it.
we love it!
we love it.
great great buy!
my daughter is 12 months today.
she still loves it.
this one is very easy to turn.
the wheels move great.
if you get one and the wheels are tight, call graco and have them replace it.
it takes 3 "aa" batteries.
old son loves it.
i am now a grandmother who babysits for my daughter.
the color is vibrant for lots of visual stimulation.
the playpen is also a good size.
take it from this grandmother that this is definitely the best.
5 stars*****
completely amazing play pen.
we love the toys on the sides and the cool colors.
good size (36 x 36), durable, sturdy.
how fun and awesome!!!
got this for my grandson and still can't get over how bright and playful this is.
i bought it for my 4 month old son and he loves it.
i had doubts regarding the big size but it has turned out the best of this because i feel i have him free but secure at the same time.
colors and decoration are fun and keeps my baby busy and happy.
i bought one for my god child who is 6mths old and she loves it.
i couldn't be happier;
i bought this playpen to use at my house when i babysit the grandkids.
just a great playpen.
it is the most colorful out there, easy to assemble and travel with.
my baby is very particular, but she loves this playard.
it may to be obvious at first, but each of the walls has a bug with some functions.
it arrived today and my daughter loves the bugs and the soft playmat.
amazon had the best price as well.
i give this a 5 start plus.my 6 month old grandbaby  was put in this playpen yesterday for his first time.
the graphics and sides toys kept him more focused on fun & he was able to get some temporary relief.
i know as he feels better he is going to enjoy his new & safe play space even more.thank you amazon for this colorful playpen choice at the lowest price and your excellent service.
i bought this one and i am very happy.
baby is safe, has a lot of room to rollover and she loves to look at th bugs.
i bought this pack in play several months ago because of the bright colors.
i think for the size it is highly recommended.
i have this playpen for about a month now but is still never used by my 6 month old baby.
i love this nice, big playpen.
lots of things to look at: primary colors and geometric shapes and things on the side to play with.
it's very sturdy and easy to put together and the latches latch very easily.
i'm still very happy--it's easy to assemble and is one of the bigger portable playpens available.
we have an always moving one year old baby.
i bought my son the pack n' play in rise n' shine with a bassinet.
he loves the stuff on the sides and stares at the bright colors.
it is not only a perfectly safe and controlled area in which babies can learn to play and quietly make sense of their world, but it provides great peace of mind for parents and grandparents to be able to put the baby down in a safe place while talking on the phone or doing something that does not allow for hands-on and undivided supervision.
our son is past the stage where he will stay put in a floor bouncy chair so he loves the freedom of lying in this stretching out,and kicking.
we loved it so much we ordered one for my mother in law so she can have in her house when he comes to visit.
he also takes naps in it, we are hoping to travel with a smaller version of this pack and play soon...will let you know how that works out.
this exceeded my expectations for a travel crib.this is the perfect balance between being spacious enough for an active tot without taking up your entire living room.
i like that it is self contained (i.e.
i researched what i wanted in the way of a fun playpen for when my grandchildren visit.
this is the one i chose, easy up and easy down and easy to put away, plus being fun for them is an added bonus.
thanks!
it is awesome!
it's a very nice size and fits a good deal of toys, though if the room is small it does take up a lot of space.
baby loves the bug toys on the sides.
great purchase!
i had a pack n play from graco with the changing table attached.
my 9 month old baby loves it.
it is very roomy inside.
she loves the bugs on the 4 sides too.
the bright colors are great.
love it!
the toys on the sides are a lot of fun for baby.
my 6 month old loves it.
a little heavy to carry (i'm 5'2") but still highly, highly recommended!
works well, just walk away and he calms down without an audience.
this blanket is wonderful.
the blanket is one of the thickest ones you can get, very durable, super soft, and extraordinarily warm.
i highly recommend it over the other penn state blankets.
fits well in any suv trunk leaving plenty of space for luggage.
we love this playpen.
the colors are great and the attached toys are engaging.
i was asking my sister in law about it and she said both her kids still play in theirs and they were 2 & 5 years at the time.
i also always put extra toys in there for them which they love.
i used to keep this set up in our living room but now we keep it in our van to use when we visit people.
it is so easy to set up and tear down and my girls love playing in it.
it is perfectly safe to use.
i would not recomment the "twin" playard.
quick to set up and easy to put away or take with you, this little baby has enough room to give your baby some play space in the middle of the most hazardous locations.
i think this playpen is great; it's spacious, sturdy, and colorful.
this is a great for play.
i am happy with it.
we had to return this item because it was so big when opened.
it gives my 2 girls (1 & 2 years old) enough room to play when i need to keep them somewhere safe while i shower or cook.
even if we don't put toys inside the walls are moderately entertaining for our child.
the sides are collapsible with the push of a button on each side.
it packs up into a long rectangle, probably 1x1x8 feet.pros:- pack up or unpack in under a minute, no &#34;assembly&#34; required just set it and lock it into place like a collapsible baby stroller.- sturdy build, child won't be able to tip it over and it would never fold on itself.- soft but strong mesh walls that child can see through but can't stick fingers or small objects through mesh.cons:- this is a minor complaint: the squeaker on one of the walls is impossible for a child to squeak - you have to press it from both sides of the wall because it's sewn so tightly- as a side-effect of the sturdiness it's very heavy.
on the plus side of that, it is made of sturdy materials.
the only tricky part is the release button being hidden inside the four top bars under the fabric.
wonderful colors, great toys ...love it till every little bit of it.
and, i ordered it on sunday and received it on wednesday.
how, wonderful.
he is only 6 months old and loved it.
i have a 3 month old that is a little to small to play with them, but she like to lay in there and look around at the toys and the colors.
but the colors are pleasing and i didn't know this but the animals/sun embroidered on all 4 sides have little attachements that the baby can play with when their in the pack n play.
my daugter loves the little wings on the bee b/c they have little rattles in them and they make noise when she hits them.
my grandson thoroughly enjoys it, even though he is still very young.
my son and daughter-in-law are very pleased with its functionality and ease of set up.
a great place for my grandson to learn to exercise his limbs safely.
although this isn't the lightest thing to carry, it is very serviceable!
it still looks as new as the first time we used it.
great quality material; sturdy and safe2.
can fit two kids!3.
very easy to assemble!3.
very colorful!
bright beautiful colors.
the colorful patches around it are toys!the toys are:a) a beautiful butterfly with wings that when squeezed it make a dried plastic sound (he loves it)b) a lady bug that makes sounds alsoc) a sun with a mirror (safe for babies)d) a bee with playful wings, which also makes soundsi strongly recommend this play pan!
my daughter has another one, not graco, that is half of the size.
it is nice but not eye catching like this one.it is worth every single penny!
definitely worth it to pay the extra $, knowing my children won't be exposed to harmful chemicals.
i bought this last summer for my two year old when traveling.
i was looking for something larger but still had the sides.
graco tot block with bugs is a pack and play that features figures of bugs on each of the sides for added fun.
kids enjoy playing with the bugs and each offers something slightly different.
the bee has its two wings extended inside of the playpen and the wings make a rattling noise when moved.
each offers its own type of stimulation and since they are built in, they are always there.
most playpens are dark blue or dark green in color and offer nothing that is visually appealing.
this pack and play, however, offers combinations of bright yellow, green, red, and blue.
you need to remove the pad from the inside before you fold the unit because the pad acts as a cover for the rest of the playpen.
once you have the playpen folded, it slips inside of the pad using velcro straps to secure it in place.
it helps to have a second person to open it up and prepare it for use.
most kids age two or under, however, will be small enough to use this playpen.
the first two didn't need a playpen, but my 8 month old baby is the most adventurous yet.
so far he likes it.
he is able to cruise in the playpen and gum the top rail.
i've checked out two of the sides.
it is a square as wide as the longest side of the pack and play.
all pros and no cons on this.
in my opinion, this is the best on the market.
my baby loves playing without shoes or socks on.
the playpen is large and spacious,perfect for babies to roll around and play in.
but on a positive note the playpen is sturdy and easy to assemble.
we used it from infancy to over age one year.
baby loved the toys on each side of the play pen and also the colorful block pattern on the mat.
large play area inside.
i highly recommend it.
we are still using this playpen and it has held up well.
our daughter who is 16 months now still loves this and it has no damage after a full year of daily use.
it is a wonderful play pen.
bright, safe, sturdy and soft at the same time.
my son loves touching/looking at the pictures and shapes of the sun with mirror, butterfly with wings that make sounds when you touch them, the ladybug with rattle wings and a squicky ladybug.
my son loves playing there and enjoys looking at the images even if he is out of the play pen.
thank you, it is a great item!
it is very large compared to standard pack n plays and the bright colors are refreshing rather than the normal drab colors.
i fancy myself a &#34;stylish&#34; mom; expensive nursery set, shopping at restoration hardware and pottery barn baby.
she loves the colors, and playing with the items on the sides.
we highly recommend.
we love it.
great for the patio or when baby needs to be confined so gma can powder her nose.
keeps the dog and baby apart.
there is a lot of space for him to move around and it is very sturdy.
i also love how easy it is to set up and take down plus the carry bag makes it easier to bring when traveling back and forth to his grandma's house.
the bright colors are exciting for little ones.
the bright colors can be a distraction if you intend to use it for napping.
and, it is super important that you follow thedirections for putting this up, and be sure to use the velcro straps to securethe flooring pad in place.
otherwise, i do like the sturdiness of theside rails, and the bright primary colors.
but i still love this playyard so much, i bought two of them!
i've seen the ones my friends have for their babies and i definitely got the best one!!!
it also folds up easily and stores nicely.
it is sturdy and i think it will last.
other than that, it is perfect!
he loves the rattle butterfly and the crinkle butterfly.
what a pain to put together and take apart.
sometimes all the sides did not lock and you had to start all over.
this is large enough for a bigger baby which is why i bought it.
i love this one..... it's bright ,comfortable, adorable ,easy to use.
love the size and i use it all the time...my baby boy loves it too.anyway i'm going to purchase it again for my newborn niece
this play pen is great in that it is so much more roomy then my childs standard size one.
this feels like its saving some space even though the dimensions are the same.mattress--the graco has a very bright, colorful mattress pad with squares and bugs on it.
it has a decent thickness in terms of padding for the baby to be comfortable.
the delta has a colorful mattress pad but with 'gentler' tones of color featuring the animals on the mesh sides.
no dip in the middle, and i would feel a bit more comfortable with more weight in the delta.mesh---they both seem to have equally durable mesh.
the graco also seems sturdy and durable; the delta just seems a bit better in those departments; that's all.the 3ft by 3ft size is amazing!!
wish i had bought one sooner!
we have twins and they both can play in one together without them feeling like they are on top of each other.
when my son spits up its very easy to wipe up off the mat it doesn't soak in.
what a great buy.
this square playpen is ideal!!!
it is so sturdy.
it keeps those walking and crawling confined, but still gives plenty of space for them and a few of their toys.
in my honest opinion, the square playpen is much better for him and safer than the portable crib, but foster services states you have to have a crib, not playard for sleeping.
i feel much more comfortable having the child in the playpen than the crib.he also likes the bright colors.
highly recommend this to all parents with infant and toddlers.
this is such a great playpen to have in your home as an alternative to the crib.
my son loves to play in it and also sleep in his playpen which we put in the living room.
you can also fold this up nicely and make it compacted for traveling if need to.
this is a great purchase!
i saw this playpen and thought it was adorable, bright colored, and fun.
well, to my lovely surprise, my mother had also independently seen this playpen on amazon and bought it for my little baby boy.
it is truly awesome and my son loves it!
they say mothers know best..... and in my case.... that was true!
buy it, you won't regret it.
once my little one started crawling and the little snugabunny gym was no longer safe, my husband reminded me we got this at our baby shower.
baby likes the colors and all the noises, he has plenty of room to move around and he is safe in it.
its colorful there lots of stuff to look at and touch, it has a mirror, crinkly, squeaker and a rattle on the inside my daughter loves this great buy!
i love the size and sturdiness of it!
it also holds up well to our large baby playing wildly in it.
overall a great buy!
i bought this for my granddaughter and another one for second child  well made hours of fun easy to use and love primary colors and designs on it  entertaining
i registered for this pack n play solely on the wonderful amazon reviews that i read.
i wanted something larger for my baby to play in, and the graco totbloc definitely delivers.
i took this on a trip last weekend and put the baby in there with a blanket on the bottom so she wasn't uncomfortable.
this spacious pack and play is wonderful!
when she was younger, she loved playing with the attached toys (especially the butterfly with the crinkly wings).it's sturdy, easy to set up and take down, and packs away neatly into its carrying case.
this playyard is amazing!
this playyard is really bright and gorgeous, and the mesh is clear so baby can see out.
it looks inviting and fun to be in there!
also, other playyards are uncomfortable- no wonder your baby screams to get out- the floors aren't thick enough and the support bars can be felt through the floor.
this playyard has a really thick, high-quality floor that is comfortable and baby could sleep on.
also, this playyard is really big- huge!- which makes it way nicer for baby.
i am so glad i found this playyard online!
amazing, adorable, colorful, safe, and giant!
the ideal playpen.
nice bright colors, great roomy size for bubs and an absolute breeze to set up and take down.
love this playpen.
we put toys in there and our son love being in there.
the toys that are attached to the playpen are great and our babie always tries to touch them.
he likes the toys on the sides, and i like that it is larger than most of the play yards i've seen, granting that my experience is limited.-it goes up and down very easily and quickly.-it is not very heavy for the size and sturdiness.
my parents have a cosco playyard that they borrowed from a friend for when we visit.
my baby has only slept in it one night and it was fine for her.
the sides each have a toy- a mirror, two rattle butterflies and one squeek lady bug.
this is the most affordable by far of the larger size playpens and i'm very happy with my choice.
i bought this play yard to put my 8 month old in when i need to keep her contained and safe while i am cooking.
it is perfect.
the size is ideal as she is able to roll and move around it and play with her toys but does not take up all of the room in our small living area.
the toys on the sides are great, she loves to play with the butterfly.
hard to find a pack & play this large anymore and with the twins coming it will be great to have.
omg....this play pen is a life saver.
i shoved it in the bottom of our uppababy vista stroller.
#nycmom**key note*** the middle part has to be up for the sides to bend down.
superb!
very big and roomy.
folds and sets up with ease.
you can "spot clean" with a warm rag, but lets face it.
needed a safe fun place near my home office and this was perfect.
also plan to take it when we travel.some features our 8 month old granddaughter find entertaining.
easy set up and seems sturdy, well constructed.love graco.
i like it for the size and all the colors.
bugs on the sides are somewhat entertaining with rattles and squeaks.
i bought this for my nine month granddaughter when she comes to visit.
this is a great play space for our son!
but once our son started crawling, we needed a safe place to put him while working in the kitchen.
this is perfect!
we took this  whenever we go on a trip and my son just loved staying here.
its mesh walls give nice breeze while my little one was sleeping.
fantastic piece of baby gear!
our 7-month-old loves the toys on the mesh walls, and he has plenty of space to scoot around.
so happy we made this purchase, and what a great price from amazon!
nice and roomy, she doesn't mind going in to play.
very sturdy.
will be handing down to my sister for her new baby.
it the perfect thing to keep her amused for anywhere from 20minutes to an hour!
the pictures on the side are of good quality and my daughter likes to pull and play with them.we also have a weekend home - so bought two of these.
let me start by saying that this is very colorful and attractive to baby.
extra space, entertaining and fun!
it was the one with a changing table and bassinet.
i finally relented one day and bought this one because it was bigger, boxier and roomier.
my son hates restraints and being boxed in, but he is much more okay with this larger pack n play, and is willing to stay in it for 20-30 minutes at a time (a record!).
and he is 2.5 now, so it will definitely last longer than the rectangular ones you see everywhere....
this was perfect for traveling when my child was under 2.
she loved the decorations on it and she was able to play with them.
this is a nice, large playpen with bright colors and activity items on the sides to entertain baby.
the corners are perfect for a baby to learn to pull up to stand, and the sides are tall enough to keep the child safe inside.
i have no tested the portability of the playpen since we use it daily in our living room when baby has quiet playtime before bed.
its made well, easy enough to open and close, and definitely worked out well for me.
and as a play space, it's a happy medium between a tiny play yard and a huge superyard.
the pad it comes with is good and the colors and extra toys on the side are fun for her.
we have this one and love it.
my son typically doesn't like a pack and play or even to be in the crib too long.
but, it is great for those days when they are small and you want to be outside at an outing and don't want to have to sit and hold your child all day.
my son is now 14 months old and we recently took a 3 day vacation and took it along.
he likes all the animals on the sides.
not to mention, what a dream to put up and take down.
we have an older model pack and play and it is very hard to get the sides up and down.
highly recommend.
it's small and cozy and our son likes it fine.
i've seen my son fall plenty of times inside of it, and he hasn't seemed bothered.
perhaps he caught his reflection on the way down.4.
this unique system works best for eliminating excessive air from the bottle therefore preventing excessive gas!
without a doubt my favorite bottle for our son and we will be sure to use it with our next child!
i'm gonna start by saying i really love these bottles.
they work great for me and my baby.
she doesn't get all that gas she used to get with other bottles anymore and she seems very comfortable with the nipples.
helped a lot with our little colicky baby and they are a blessing when it comes to cleaning.
the caps are more streamlined and work for all different types of nipples.
ok, my 3 yr. old shouldn't be drinking out of a bottle anymore but, i have really put these bottles to good use!
i have a 1 1/2 yr. old and 3 yr. old still drinking out of these....they have a few quirks but you deal with them and get used to it and love, love , love the ease of use!
we used playtex drop-in bottles and my son loved them.
we started with the slow flow nipple very early and he had nipple confusion.
later we moved on the y-cut nipple which is great because it doesn't spill like the medium and fast flow.
the drop in system is all we use for our daughter and i just love it.
i will keep on using it and recommending it highly.
these nipples are far superior in my opinion because they're such a natural shape.
i rated this 3 stars because while it has many good parts, i was highly disappointed to "realize" when my baby was 4 months old that this set does *not* include any medium flow nipples.
low & behold i walk down the aisle in target looking for an entirely new bottle system and i see medium nipples that work perfectly for my daughter.
for trying to offer a variety of nipple options, playtex missed the mark in omitting the medium flow nipple.
my son is primarily breastfed, but my wife and i supplement his breastfeedings with pumped breastmilk and with formula.
they sell trial bottles for under $4 that come with either a latex or silicone nipple and 5 drop-in liners.
he had his choice of 5 nipples and likes the latex slow flow the best.
it would make a great baby shower present!
but these playtex bottles are my go to bottle as they are soooo easy to clean and that is very important when you have a young, hungry, crying baby to take care of!
love the nipple variety too.because of the liners, it is easy to keep two of these bottles in use and not clutter up the kitchen with bottle pieces, etc.would highly recommend.
:)
my breastfed baby took very easily to these bottles.
they're sturdy and durable.
i'm so glad i chose the playtex drop-ins system.
it is so easy to use.
before i had my baby, i was thoroughly confused by all of the bottle options available.
i started doing research & this one came highly recommended.
if you're not a complete germ phobe & not super messy while making the bottle, you rarely have to wash the bottles or rings.
just change out the drop in, wash the nipple & you're set.
put the lid on the bottle & put the bottle in the outside side pocket of the diaper bag.
still, i wouldn't use any other bottle.
at least 2 out of the 5 are fast flow, which i didn't use until my baby was 8-9 months old.
i do not use a bottle warmer.
when i bought this system, i was concerned if it would be compatible with the pump i chose (ameda purely yours ultra).
the kit comes with the adapters that you need.with respect to the nipples that come with this set, our baby eventually got used to them, but it took a few days.
i got these as a gift at my baby shower, so i haven't had a chance to use them until now.
since i'm breastfeeding, i don't use them on a regular basis, just for outings.
what i love is the convenience.
but for the price, its worth it.
yet, both me and my baby hated it.
first off, the bottle itself is huge, which makes it uncomfortable in many ways.
the setup works great.
we have used both the larger and smaller bottles and nipples n-4, and the above comments apply to all variations.dr.
like the avent, we have used both the larger and smaller bottles and nipples 1-4.
the complaints that they are hard to wash are unfounded.
after about nine months of use, some of the markings are slightly coming off, not a big deal.
all of them reduced some, but not all.
likewise, our son had no preference in the nipples from one bottle to the next among these, although he absolutely hatedthe first years 3 pack breastflow bottle, so we only tried it once.if i had to pick only one of the above brands, it would be dr. brown's.
we got this set at our shower and haven't needed any other bottles.
my son started using them at about four weeks old and quickly outgrew the smaller bottles, but the set includes three larger ones, which is great.
my baby was impatient with the slow flow and overwhelmed by the fast, so we had to purchase the medium ones separately.
we did not need to purchase additional drop-in bottles because of the quick and easy clean-up, although we did purchase extra nipples of the type our daughter preferred.
we have used both the playtex ventaire and playtex drop-in bottles for the past year as we switched between breastfeeding and bottle feeding with my daughter, who has just reached her first birthday.
in both cases, we use the slow flow variety of nipple for each bottle type.
the drop-ins win hands-down for convenient clean-up and are thus our favorite to travel with.
however, the drop-ins bottle with a slow flow nipple leaks everywhere when it is turned upside-down (and baby will turn it upside-down).
this is less of an issue if there will be parental supervision.4.
for convenience and fast clean-up, the playtex drop-in system wins.
to avoid buying more liners and since my girls are now 13 months old, we bought some other bottles that don't use a liner.
also the new bottles have tons of air bubbles where the playtex did not.the nipple size is also good for preemie babies.
you can use different brands of bags for these as well.
i purchased these bottles before my son, who is now 10 weeks old, was born.
i also have a psychotic cat that continually custom selected baby items from the dish drying rack.
my son eats a ton and these bottles don't really do well with formula.powdered formulapowdered formula (which i can't stand) doesn't mix well in this bottle.
also, despite the wonderful design for keeping air out... you have to shake powdered formula.
he eats all the time.
now... in the first few weeks, my son killed my nipples.
i actually prefer these caps to the "newer" ones i found at babies r us (for a much higher price).
the plastic is sturdy.
this brand is kind of wonderful because they make a variety of bottles and the nipples can be used with different bottles.i didn't hate the bottle enough to say you shouldn't try it.
you do not need "extra" exterior bottles.
since you don't need to wash the exterior anyway... what you have is plenty.
these bottles always worked out for my daughter.
easy cleanup with the bags, and less gas.
i figured i would be saving time because i wouldn't have to clean a ton of bottles everyday.
in my opinion, this system is hands-down the best.here's what i like:the liners are sterile so you can always be sure your baby is drinking out of a clean bottle.nothing to wash but the nipple and ring.
these bottles are fantastic in reducing gas.
it is also a little harder to travel with them because you have to bring the bottle, the bag, the water, and the formula all separate.
this is a great set.
the playtex breast milk storage system is a very easy way to store breastmilk in the freezer, and works well with medela pumps.
i use a mix of these and medela storage bottles.i especially like that the liners are bpa free.
i love these bottles and i reccomend them to everyone i know.
second after i put the cap on i pinch the nipple open and gently push up on the liner and all the air comes out.
that means the bottle won't give the baby gas!
i also used the natural action nipple which the baby loved.
i was also able to wash the nipple, the bottle and the ring in the top rack of the disheasher in a speacial  nipple rack i bought at walmart for $5.
no fuss and minimal clean up.
my strictly bottle fed 11 month old has used these bottles from day one and has done fine with them.
i also bought a lot of new boxes of liners at the thrift store too!
my daughter suffered from mild gas, but nothing major.
i bought these as burp cloths for my two boys.as burp cloths they are great - nothing fancy, just good at absorbing the spit up.
been using it with my first born and now with my 1 month old baby.will help you prevent diaper rash.
tiring to change everytime the baby wets the cloth though and time consuming to wash but worth it than having problems with diaper rash.
these are by far the best burp cloths around.
i got several different kinds at my baby shower.
the middle panel is very thick and helps with a newborn that spits up a lot and those breastfeeding blunders that happen to a new mom.
i highly recommend them.
i use them everyday to care for my newborn.
i mostly use them as burp cloths and as extra protection for the changing pad during diaper changes.
they wash up great.
i got 2 of these at my baby shower (one for upstairs and one for downstairs) and i absolutely love them!
when baby's hungry i just grab the bottle from the fridge, grab the little flask of water that's attached, pour it in, and press the button.
do not use more water than the directions say for your bottle size!
definitely recommend!
if you have the inserts, you can always use a plastic bottle and pour it in.
my wife love this botles.is for a better way of feeding our new born.i cant wait to use them.
our nursery is on a different floor as the kitchen, so having this has been great for night feeding of twins.
another, stinking, melted bottle!
and it melted that bottle too!i'm going back to the old fashioned way.
you may want to order an additional ice pack so you'll always have one ready in the freezer.
i can't speak highly enough about this chiller/warmer.
this feature sounds good, but in real life, doesn't work as well as it sounds.the bottle warmer works ok but the heating action is inconsistent even if you get the water level on the meniscus the same everytime.
also the heating plate accumulates gunk from time to time.it includes a jar food holder to heat food, but we have never tried it.all in all a decent bottle warmer, but you have have to compensate with a re-heat or cold water sometimes.
it warms the avent bottles great.
it does not warm the playtex ventair bottles.
i have the other first year single warmer also and it is in my kitchen and it is great as well.
we've been using this for a month and it works ok.
if you keep it on the unit your bottles will warm up.all in all - this is definitely a good purchase and i'm not sorry i bought this.
it's easy to use, look good and works great!
i use to warm breastmilk.
we love it.
once we figured out how to use it for bottles and bottles of baby food.
what i found is that a cold bottle from fridge would heat up a lot on the outside but a couple shakes and it would still be cold.
i use this everyday to heat up bottles..
i got this as a gift at my babyshower and i'm happy with it.
we've used this warmer for 2 of our babies and love it.
if you read the instructions the warming is pretty much fool-proof but on occasion i've been sleepy and overwarmed a bottle.
when your baby wakes up take the water holder off the side and pour into the warmer, place the bottle and then press the button in front to warm.
while you're changing your baby the bottle will warm up and be ready by the time you're done.it takes practice, at first you'll probably either overfill the water holder or not fill it enough.
for a 4oz warm  dr browns bottle we usually filled it to the 6 line, 2 months later we're filling it to the 7 line.
5oz bottles vary between the 7-8 line.
if you have two floors definitely get a bottle warmer, and if you're on a budget this is the best.
i purchased this bottle warmer for my second baby because it was a life saver for my daughter.
it stores 2 bottles in the compartment and comes with a small ice pack.
the pack is fairly small and does not cool the milk for long.
i've heard some say this is the best warmer available.
when the heating indicator light turns off you must be right there to pull the bottle out or it will continue to significantly warm the bottle without any water medium.
the caps are so hard to close and open you need two really strong hands and maybe multiple tools to shut or flip the tops open.
note that it keeps the bottle cool, and not cold.
you really have to play with the amount of water it takes to appropriately warm the bottle up.
scrap the instructions!!
it is a lifesaver when my son wakes up and needs his expressed milk instantly.
we loved being able to keep the bottle cool and save the trip downstairs in the middle of the night.
decided to just buy a second warmer that uses water, and to use a cooler for the bottles (our baby needed 4 anyway to get through the night)
the measuring of the water is not comfortable it take more time to actually put the water at its correct measure than just boiling water in micro and using that to warm the milk
i loved this product from the moment i got it.
it works wonders with drop ins, and avent bottles fit into and heat up nicely....
sometimes that is.
all in all it still works but i can slowly start to see it go down hill in its heating capabilities.
i had absolutely no issues with this item, did what it said.
we bought this because i work 2nd shift at a hospital so on the days i work, i don't get home until midnight and my husband has to get up with the baby.
living in a two story house, it's not exactly fun to get up in the middle of the night, go downstairs, warm up the water, then the bottle and go back upstairs to the baby.
this system alleviates all of that!!
we just put it in our upstairs bathroom with a bottle of breastmilk in the cooler part and when the baby gets hungry, just put water in the wamer and warm the bottle.
just read the instructions for the type of bottle system we use and it worked fine!!!
we loved it for the first month we had it.
that didn't help.
so glad i bought his bottle warmer.
easy to use.
no complaints yet.
plus you can easily over heat your bottles in this.
works great!
our bed rooms are upstairs and i needed to have a second warmer and one which had a cooler.this is the best buy for the same reason.i simply love it and couldnt live without it.i have used it every single day so far .my son is now 5months and it works great i never timed how much time the bottle is in the warmer not i measured the water.
when i got the new version of "the first years night and day warmer system", i was shocked on how short the electric cord was.
i am not happy with the new model.
we had this warmer with our first child, but had parted ways with it by the time we had another child.
we got the tommee tippee bottle warmer with our second child (because we used the tommee tipped bottles with her).
do not buy for glass bottles.
we always ended up using the tap to correct the temperature and it took forever.
we just bought the dr browns delux bottle warmer and its amazing!
ahora la familia descansa mas gracias a este calentador de biberones ya que el tetero se mantiene caliente toda la noches o hasta que el bebe la necesite, no hay necesidad de prender la cocina, solo meterlo en la boca del bebe y a comerrr....
couldn't ask for a better pump!
for my daughters first month of life, she couldn't latch on correctly so i pumped and fed her via bottle.
as a first time mom, i found it very comfortable and easy to use.
i also sterilized the pieces after a day of use and each piece came out fine.
as recommended by our lactation consultants, i pump once a day.
it does the job, but does it make the loudest noise doing it.
i am home with the baby so i didn't think i needed one of the larger double pumps since i am not working.
for manual use i recommend the avent isis.
this works great.
it's small and light and perfect for travel.
i'm now onto baby #2 and use this occasionally since i'm now home full time, but this works so well when i need it.
it hurt like heck and did not express enough milk to relieve my engorgement.
(expressing away from home, helping with engorgement, pumping extra for more supply)it works great!
my kids are 4 and 6yrs now, and with the activity level in my home now, i think a quieter model will better suite everyone's needs.
(i am a minor diyer).it's great once it's in place, though!
it is very sturdy and the gate is easy to open if you have a free hand.
the gate is easy to configure.
this is a great feature.overall this is an ok gate.
it may be the best gate for versatile areas where traditional gates don't fit.
our stairs needed a special gate and this is perfect for us.
thanks to little folks and amazon!
this gate was perfect for our split-level home with the addition of one 24&#34; extension.
the stay-open and auto-close features are great.
we needed a gate for a really wide space between our family room and kitchen and this gate works perfectly.
it doesn't look terribly cheesy.
i was worried that the length would make it insecure, but it doesn't: just be sure not to have the fence completely straight; use the nifty connection corners to alternate turns, using either angles back and forth or a serpentine pattern.
our lil'guy loves it!
:)
we bought this gate for a opening between our foyer and kitchen.
we bought two different kinds of gates for our living room area.
we bought the kidco configure gate and the kidco elongate.the elongate was to cover an area of 84".
we are very disappointed in this purchase and wished we had bought two configure gates.
but it has two different size extension pieces and you can bend and configure it to the space you need.
we have a spiral staircase that continues for 3 floors and it was almost impossible to block off on the second level.
the entire system spans 72" and is very stable, even when my 1 year old shakes it.this gate is a great solution for difficult areas and is well worth the money.
to open and close gate is little tricky though.
i love the magnetic latch because i know the gate will close every time.
we've had this gate since late 2007 when our oldest started walking.
but, i'd like to preface, that is because i didn't use drywall mounts to attach the gate to the walls.
tomorrow, i'm headed to the hardware store for some drywall mounts.after all the gates we've been through, i still think this gate is the best.
installation for both gates was a breeze.customer service was great as well.
the gate is crafted well, easy to install, and the peace of mind is well worth it.
i have this gate set up in two different parts of my house... one part as-is, and one part with two extensions.
the gate that that has no extensions is very durable, and easy to open, however there is a bar that goes across the bottom of the "door", and myself and my guests are always bumping bare toes on it...ouch!in the other part of my house, i have this gate with two extensions.
there aren't many gates out there that will let you cover such a wide room, though, and for that it was nice while it lasted.
this is a great gate, and one of the few with the flexibility to accommodate non-straight spaces.
it's pretty sturdy, the kids shake it sometimes but it hasn't ever opened or torn from the wall.
the downside (or upside, depending on perspective) is that the gate is harder to open than the previous version.
the magnetic catch is handy for a quiet but easy close.
i got the extension, and it still stands pretty sturdy.
no regrets on the purchase.btw, this gate works really well as a separate space for an older child to play.
we use it for my 3 year old to have a space on the main floor to play with toys without the baby able to interrupt.
looks ok, good if you have white for trim, but ultimately, its a baby gate and looks like one.
the gate is also fairly wide, allowing us to pass through it easily, even when carrying things.
this kidco configure gate is worth every penny if you need to enclose and odd shaped space!
we needed to block off a hallway in our basement, but had uneven walls, and this gate works perfectly.
first, read through the entire instruction manual before you start.
the way the manual is structured, there are instructions in several languages in the front, and then reference pictures in the back.
if you read through the manual and flip back and forth until you understand the pictures before you start, it makes the installation go pretty smoothly.2.
it doesn't really affect the stability of the gate since it is anchored to the walls, but the flexing will go away if you angle each sectionoverall, this gate worked for enclosing our odd shaped space perfectly and i would highly recommend it!
i have 4 different baby gates.
i don't feel like i'm keeping the children "trapped" like with other gates.my only issue is that my oldest daughter figured out how to open the gate at the age of 2.
first, the hinges on the gate which allow you to place the panels at an angle are not wonderful.
if you're a little too forceful, it can easily break.
second, the mounting pieces for the wall are fixed position, at the top of every fence panel.
most people will have to buy extension gate panels to make this work and boy does the cost add up.
we have used this gate since our oldest started moving around.
now 3 years and another child later it is still functioning great!
it still looks and works as well as on day 1.we picked this for the top of our stairs so we could have a "landing" at the top.
we did not like other gates where you have to balance on the top stair, with a baby in your arms, to open or close the gate.it is easy to open, but not for little ones.
my 3.5 year old still cannot open this on his own.i would buy this same gate in a heartbeat.
we used 4-5 extensions as well.
we bought this new, and it was easy to set up.
kidco is pretty easy to work with.
the quality is great.
this item was a lifesaver when i brought my son home from the hospital.
for anyone who has read dr. harvey karp's book, the happiest baby on the block, they will understand.
once my son was bigger, i bought the fisher price aquarium and that works well for older babies.
the waves and water sound horrible and my son never liked listening to the music or the heartbeat sound.
the voice activated feature is great!
we didn't buy it for music, anyway.
my baby really liked the sounds and the night light was great for midnight feedings.
she loved the soft sounds and musical melodies.
i love it and so does my son.
well i would love this crib for infants and short toddlers but if you go by the age on the box you can be fooled they say this crib is for ages 0-3 i would not put a 3 year old in this crib with the wheels on it!!!!!
but my son slept great in it.
in the middle of a summer heatwave my husband and i were faced with either disassembling our 7 month old's huge crib and moving it into our air conditioned bedroom for a more comfortable sleep, or getting a portable crib which can also be used later in the year when baby #2 is due.
we purchased this and are delighted.
this crib is light weight yet sturdy, nicely compliments any room, and is comfortable for our daughter for either sleep or play.
all in all it's a fine item and priced well.
i bought this because my daughter has hated the pack n play from day one.
she is now 13 months old and it was a major battle at each travel destination.
this one is great because it is very sturdy.
the folding locks take a bit of getting used to, but they work well.
we can put it in our suburban.
i purchased this crib after my son grew out of his graco travel lite crib (at three months).
my son is four months old now and fits in it perfectly and there is still a lot of room for him to grow.
it is a nicely made crib and is worth the $80 that it costs.
we bought the malawi set for it, which looks adorable.
and its overall best feature is how you can roll it from room to room without taking it apart.
i bought this for my son.
i love this changing table.
it has ample room to change and dress the baby without any problems.
you may want to get a thicker changing pad though.
my husband and i bought this changing table in the "cherrywood".
we've been using it everyday for nearly 16 months, and still good as new.
i bought this for my 6 week old daughter because the price was nice and the table was attractive.
my sister has the same table and her's is fine.
the changing table is a nice reddish oak, while the crib was very blonde.
please be aware of the color differences if you are considering purchasing the set.
it didn't help, they still shrunk.
they still work though, but the corners of the changing pad are crumched down.
this changing cover has worked well with our changing pad helded up in the wash from so many poopie diapers...which is a nice pad along with our changing pad (which we whip clean before use  and after use..over the pad its self (which sometimes my nephew sticks to without a oniez on!)
it cost nearly $30 to order this part and it took over 2 weeks to receive it.
my son is three weeks old, and i am using this pump every day to express milk for his middle-of-the-night feedings.
but once you get the hang of it (give it 3-5 sessions to get used to it), it works great.
the spare parts were safe at home, and with a hungry boy on my hands i was in a predicament.
i am amazed by the comfort, control and power this little hand pump provides.
in addition, i enjoy the convenience of not having to be "plugged in" and the reduced amount of bottles to wash.
however, for my particular situation having to express 30 ounces a day in order to keep up with my little guy, the pump in style is superior to the isis both in speed and quantity of milk expressed.
my daughter still only drinks about 3-4 ounces at a time so i mainly use those.
had it not fallen apart after one wash, this would have been the perfect mattress pad.
i'm very glad i bought it!
this was about as thick as his cozy baby blanket.
there was nothing &#34;ultrasoft&#34; or &#34;ultrathick&#34; about this mattress pad, if you could call it that.
when i opened the packaging i was appalled by the strong chemical smell of this mattress pad.
i own two of these mattress pads and i love them.
they help to make my extremely firm crib mattress a little cozier for my son.
they hold up very well in the wash and fit great over my simmons mattress.
this fits our crib mattress tightly and keeps our baby from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.
we didn't have a mattress pad with our son and he would wake up soaking wet from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.
this pad is also not too bulky so it doesn't cause a safety concern.
we have a sealy crown jewel mattress and it fits great on it.
it holds up great to washing, fits my baby's mattress perfectly, and appears to be very cozy for my little one.
this mattress pad is waterproof.
fits the mattress well & holds up well in the wash.
it keeps my sons mattress dry and it washes easily and comes out great.
these worked good for about 3 weeks and they started to leak.
who has time to search for the right parts when their baby is hungry and crying?
its definately worth the price.
i bought these bottles after reading reviews on them and have been pretty happy with them.
it has always felt extremely sturdy.
in the midst of all of my bottle testing, i was against avent, mostly because they do cost a bit more than most bottles.
these bottles worked perfectly for us.
)6- the whole avent system makes for easy growing with the child- there are different nipples for different ages, including a sippy cup nipple.
great.these bottles are great.
the new nipples have a raised edge that guarantees the nipple is tight in the collar.
then there is a lip that hugs the rim of the bottle to guard against leaks.
the new nipples have the words "extra soft" on the package and if you look closely they look different around the bottom.
no chance.
he now takes gerber bottles, traditional and new traditions.
luckily for me i was able to return the larger bottles.
expensive does not always equal good.
they are not the "best" bottles to use while breastfeeding.
first of all, they have many different flows with their nipples, which is a huge plus in my book.
the playtex have 3 - slow, fast, and tri-cut.
avent has newborn stage 1, stage 2 (slow), medium (+3 months), and fast (+6 months), plus a tri-cut.
and the nipple has a special seal that you can hear when you turn it, so that will prevent leaking.there's no extra parts to wash like dr. browns, and they do not give my daughter gas.
she also prefers the wide-mouth shape and i know it gives her mouth the needed motion to widen her palatte (which is one of the reasons breastfeeding is recommended.)
and avent knows it.
of course the ones they replace it with also leak.
the nipple flow is fast for a newborn.
usually if you just unscrew and screw top back on, it stops leaking.
the nipples are great because they force the baby to suck on them as if they were the breast.
these bottles are great.
the entire line works together from breast pumps, to sanitizers, to storage containers, to sippy cups.
also, my son had no problems with colic.
i love these bottles.variable flow- there are several different grades of nipples.
i love that there are slow flow, medium, fast and then sippy tops.
you can use these bottles from newborns to toddlers.
you can convert your bottles into sippy cups!!!
there are screw on handles and sippy tops you can buy.
these are the widest bottles that i have seen available.
they are well made and easy to assemble.
what a fantastic idea and such a godsend for us.
these bottles are absolutely fantastic!
they are so easy to use and they cut down on gas wonderfully.
by far, the best bottle on the market in my humble opinion.
highly recommend!
i tried this and yet again the baby was soaked!!!
we bought this because this is a good brand to use.
the avent bottles are also very comfortable for me to hold and easy for my baby to grip on to as well.they suit us perfectly - give them a try and see what you think.
well, the nipple has these three little lines on it and inside the screw on part there are solid parts and slotted parts (sorry if this doesn't make sense).
you have to line up the lines on the nipple with the solid parts on the bottle top.
you have to make sure it is nice and tight.
wish i had bought them in the first place (i started out with the playtex nurser system).
crappy quality control.
i loved these bottles.
i only use these for baby water now, since i use larger bottles.
the one slight annoyance with the system, you have to place the ring on the lids directly on top of the nipples; otherwise the bottle has a tendency to leak.f.y.i.
these worked wonderfully!
he would choke and gasp almost everytime.
our baby seems to drink the best from these bottles.
i like them because the wide mouth makes it easy to fill and clean.
the nipple is a little large and seems to flow kinda fast for my breastfed baby.
however, the bottle is nice and durable.
both bottles do a fine job of keeping bubbles out of your baby.
we tried and used both bottles with our boy.
the real deal between the two is the nipple.
the nipple on avent bottles are larger at the base and firmer than the brown bottles.
when we first introduced the bottle to our breast fed boy he did not take to the avent bottles.
he just couldn't get comfortable around the nipple.
buy one of each first and see which one you baby is comfortable with.
they also make alot of noise when my son eats.
good system.
i called cascade and they told me the manufacturer of the dishwasher is to blame.
on any account, cascade and avent both recommend using a gentle, not antibacterial soap on these bottles.
we recieved these bottles as a gift for our son (now 16 months)and expected greatness from avent.
i used the playtex nurser bottle and she loved it.
i am extremely tired of having to clean up messes after feeding our twin sons with the avent bottles.
especially if we are out for a big event and the boys are dressed nicely.
it was not a small leak rather, a pouring leak that soaked their shirts.
i bought these bottles before my daughter was born and have never regretted it.
these bottles are great!
i absolutely love all avent products... their bottles, bottle-warmer, pacifiers, etc.both of my boy used the avent bottles, and the ones my first-born used are still being used by my second one.
we used avent bottles for several weeks, but our baby was spitting up _all the time_, seemed like she was choking during feedings, and had gas all the time.
the flow is slower and it really does cut down on the amount of air she takes in during feedings.
easy to clean - easy to use - no problems.
i was not a big fan of these bottles and neither was my daughter.
these are the best bottles ever!
my baby gets very little air in her belly since we started with these bottles.
yes, they cost more than most bottles, but if you can afford that little extra you will be very pleased with the results.
everyone i know has registered for avent bottles and generally found success.
the shape is handy and comfortable, the pieces easily fit together, and the bottle travels well.
i admit it: i am impressed with avent bottles!
they are easily one of the baby products capable of handling extremes without a blink.
no wonder they've been voted among the best baby products for several years in a row!
i bought a bunch of these bottles because many people have recommended them to me.
i know alot of people love them, but my son doesnt.
they do leak on occasion for me, usally when i do not have the top screwed on right.
i find that if the seal between the nipple & the bottle is not right, then you will get a leak.
this always works!
he chews on it and couldn't suck properly, the nipple seemed to hard for him.
i went out and found a nipple that was closest to his pacifier that he loves.
i found gerber nuk nipples, got four of them for about $4 and bought especially for baby bottles for a whopping $2.99 (you get 3) and my baby loves them!!!!
what a relief.
expensive isn't always better!
wonderful bottles, as our daughter won't use anything else.
if you screw the top on crooked at all or too tightly - you may have issues.
i have used 4 of the other top brands and am very pleased with avent.
when breastfeeding, these are highly recomended.
well, sometimes that works and sometimes it dosen't.
again, i am reminded of how delicate every drop of milk was.
sometimes these bottles will taunt you.
and it has worked wonderfully--my baby girl will feed from both without any problem.
i love the shape of the bottles--very comfortable to hold--and they are extremely easy to clean.
these bottles are great!
otherwise, they are perfect.
i tried using the soothie bottles with my other daughter, because they were cheaper and she has no signs of reflux and i figured what the heck.
she ended up with a soaked face and bib every time.
feedings are now mess-free and pleasant!
they work great and are very durable.
if you use the bottle correctly there are no leaks and it is very simple.
my sons will only take to the "natural" nipple, and avents got it!
the available covers work nicely for carrying them and making sure the nipple is sanitary.
these bottles also fit very well in almost any cup holder (unlike the playtex) and greatly reduce my little ones gassy problems.
they are the best!
now i can be assured that she will be able to eat without me there!
well after using them for about 2 weeks they started to leak.
after slowly running out of bottles that didn't leak we decided to go with the playtex nursers and liners.these work perfect!
they don't leak and our baby has less gas.
the liners prevent a lot of gas.
for my next baby i will not be using these.
i used these bottles with my son and loved them!this bottle system was excellent and my son almost never had any gas with them like he did with some others i tried out.
he took right to them as a newborn and i didn't have to encourage him like i had to with others.the wide mouth is so nice and makes them so much easier to wash.
but there was absolutely no leaking here!there is a great range of accessories that go with this bottle as well, including sterilizers and breast pumps.
i absolutely love these bottles!!
because of their width, my daughter was able to hold them at 3.5 months!!
i also love their 'wide-neck', which makes it very easy to fill the bottle while holding a squirming baby!
my daughter has also never had colic!!
i love em!!!
i love em!!!
i love em!!!
these dont require that extra ring to make it leak proof.
and the oz numbering on these reg bottles is the kind that will scratch and rub off easily.
our baby hated the bottle and wouldn't take the nipple.
i like the nipple flow on these bottles for my newborn, as well as the small bottle size, but i found that the nipple only vented air back into the bottle properly about 50% of the time.
for those experiencing leaks, it is simply because the bottles are an interlocking system and must be screwed on properly.
i have had no problems using these bottles, and yes i have experienced an occasional leak which i notice while i'm shaking the bottle because i have not screwed the cap on properly.
these are well worth the price paid.
highly recommended by this mom!update march 06:  one more great feature about the avent bottles -- they sell a sippy cap that can replace the nipple, so your investment goes into toddlerhood with no need to buy additional sippy cups!
avent bottles are one of the best out there.
they protect your baby from getting gas while he eats.
but if your baby is really gasy and has colic, i recomend you the dr brown bottles.
i suggest you buy or register for both (avent and dr brown)so if your baby does ok with gas and colic you use avent, and if not, you use dr brown (at least for a while).
you will notice the difference in a few weeks.
we think these bottles are very durable and easy to use.
also, avent makes a long-spouted sippy top that fits on these bottles.
we've been using these bottles since our son was 1 week old, and they work great.
so wait before buying #2 & #3 nipples, because you may not need them!
i love avent bottles and so does my daughter.
easy to assemble, wash and use.
my daughter likes the easy to latch on nipple and i like being able to purchase faster flow nipples as needed.
good quality bottles, don't leak and have easy to read oz./ml.
a lactation consultant recommended these bottles to me.
i bought one to make sure my baby liked it before buying more.
i feel my baby doesn't swallow as much air.
i also like the idea of the different sized nipples to adjust the flow.
i have only used size 1 because we need her to slow down; she eats to fast and gets a tummy ache.these bottles also fit perfectly in my bottle warmer (the first years) excellent choice!
the wide mouth makes the bottles very easy to clean.
i just use a bottle brush with warm, soapy water, then put the bottle, nipple and ring in my avent steam sterilizer (which i love).
i had seven bottles and that was the perfect amount for us.
but that is an easy fix!
i attribute it to the unique design of the nipple which encourages her to open her mouth wide instead of tucking her lip in to suck on a smaller nipple.also these can be converted to sippy cups.
i bought this to use with my avent bottles (which by the way leak) and i was very disappointed.
the bottles that comes with it are ok.
it's also very comfortable to use with or without the &quot;petals&quot;.
it's comfortable, efficient, whisper quiet, and easy to clean and put together.
this is a great pump... forget about spending over $60 on something you are not sure you are going to use too much... not to mention - now that i use this pump daily - i am still happy i did not spend the $260 for the 'mack-daddy&quot; - this is comfortable and fast and easy to work with.
i used it since my daughter was about 2 weeks old.
i mostly use the ameda electric, but used this on a weekend trip and was very pleased with the milk volume.
easy to use and clean.
while i love the pump i am not happy with the avent bottles.
besides that, its very conviencent to use and easy.
i started pumping at about 3 weeks, and was very fustrated at first.
after a few calls to the avent customer service line (who were wonderful, very helpful and patient), i was getting much better results.
also the realm of accessories available is impressive.
i had no problem expressing 4 ounces of milk in about 10 minutes, and it didn't hurt either--it actually felt comfortable.
i still nursed my first child for 13 months but not exclusively--he got both breastmilk and formula.now, i am on my 3rd child.
i figured after having such an easy time breastfeeding my 2nd child, it would be a piece of cake the 3rd time around.
she did not latched on properly and i got really sore within the first couple of days.
then when she was 6 weeks old, i had to leave her (unexpectedly) to attend my father's funeral in california.
and because it is manual, i was able to express whenever and whereever i needed to.
thanks avent.
of course, pumping takes practice but this pump works great for beginners.
easy to use.
what a great investment.
i actually think the isis may have been more comfortable.
the cushioning made the pump very comfortable.
its a moust-have for breastfeeding mothers.
i received this as a shower gift and boy am i thankful!
i work in a small office with nothing but a handful of men...with one bathroom!
awesome all the way around!
two of my friends used this one daily and recommended it to me.
one of them went back to work and bought medela just for pumping at work.
all the parts are sturdy.
you just have to make sure that you don't turn the connecting "neck" while pumping, else you'll drop the bottle!the numerous parts are a little daunting to assemble in the beginning, but you'll be an expert in no time.
but the kit does have extra valves.the insulated carrying bag is attractive and discrete.
i love my isis.
a friend bought it to me as a gift and i use it everyday.
highly recommended :)
it's the best item you can buy!
practical, easy to carry, easy to store.maybe, it should come with 3 9oz bottles and 1 4oz, instead of 2 and 2; becuase babies rapidly start needing more and more...also all mags that come with these items are great, with great tips, some of them are not even included in m. stoppard's book!
this pump is comfortable, easy to use, and affordable.
it worked great.
i think it has something to do with your size and the suction as to which works best.
this one is the best.
simple and goes with all kitchen decor, love it.
this thing is pretty good for a bottle drying rack, comes with a little shelf for drying nipples, sturdy, drains well, allows you to make different configurations in consideration of your bottle sizes.
i like the size because it isn't huge butcan dry several bottles.
this is small, sturdy, and great for the price.
it takes up minimal space on the counter yet holds all my bottle pieces and accessories and then some.
it does the job well.
i wanted a small rack to dry my granddaughters bottles and accessories - and this works nicely.
protects heads from sharp corners well enough.
this a necessary item.
it came with the corners which is great.
the tape it uses is perfect because it really stays put.
my baby has tried to pull at it and it doesn't come off.this color is light enough that doesn't call too much attention in my living room.
for best grip you need to put it on each side of the inside &#34;l&#34; of the protectors.
it comes with a bunch of different sizes of tape as well.
you have enough tape for every square inch.
there was no way the table guard was going to work around my glass table even with the tape included though.
this item, it is so good.
it protected my 10 month old son from many bruises.
it is very helpful to have it on the sharp edges.
worked great for a few weeks but living in a hot humid climate the seals eventually loosened up.
it was easy to put on & has been very durable, despite the best efforts of my very active 1 year old!
very functional & economical.
easy to apply, stays on, and is perfectly cushioned for protecting little heads (and also great for teething!)
we love this, and highly recommend it!
the ability to cut the padding and included double sided sticking tape with scissors make it easy to pad sharp furniture edges of all lengths.
however there are a couple of things we have found that help us optimize its usage.
also we didn't use the precut edges because we found that our baby managed to rip them off pretty easily and then tried to eat the backing tape.just be aware that if your baby is teething, the spongy texture of the padding makes it tempting for them to bite on.
i'm not 100% comfortable with that as it is fire retardant-treated despite being labeled non-latex and non-toxic.
the diagrams are really tiny and have no labels.
do not expect to get it off your furniture or to reuse these edge guards - the tape will cling to your furniture and to the guards, destroying both.in the end i was unable to install my guards properly - they attached to the furniture crookedly and then i couldn't un-stick them in order to make it right.
nice bumpers.
very soft and easy to place.
it is nice.
it sticks nicely.
i bought thisprince lionheart table edge guard with 4 corners, greyin hope of protecting my son from bumps on our coffee table.
we measured the foam and cut accordingly to make it a tight fit.
we decided to get the edge guards.
the are soft and fit perfectly.
great idea and has helped out alot as our son seems to always be bumping his head on stuff in the near vicinity of him.
other than that it looks great and helps protect my baby from injury.
my daughter been using the coffee table to pull her self up to stand and also been crawling through it to play with the stuff underneath.
she even bumped her head on the edge!
the longer guard is easy to cut for whatever length is needed.
the chocolate is the closest color we could get to our espresso tables, nothing is going to look great, but this at least looks decent and clean.
it really blends in at the same time that protects my son from the sharp corners.
this edge and corner set is a great value.
it was easy to trim and apply.
its sort of a cement tan color.
its very dense foam, so if you press down pretty hard you still wont feel sharp edge.
it doesn't make the furniture look great by any means, but it is what it is.
on a second order, we did get the beige but it is darker than they make it look in the photo.
we  have used  this edging  and corners  on several  pieces of furniture.
however, our son just started pulling  the trim  off so we  have  had to replace the adhesive a few times.
it really doesn't look cheesy at all.
this stuff gives a perfect fit since it's cut to fit.
the installation tape comes in pre-cut strips, so you have to use several of them.
the foam strip develops something of a shape memory from being rolled up in the package, and by the time you get to the center of the roll, you really have to fight against that curved shaped to install the tape and get the strip installed on the table in a straight manner.
we have a raised stone hearth fireplace.
it was the greatest feature of our family room until we had a baby.
if this wasnt on our fireplace.
sticks amazingly well and cushions nicely.
while it's true that the tape won't last forever, it is also true that it won't leave a mark on your furniture once you want to remove it permanently.
easy!
good quality but it only covers the top part of the corner so it is still dangerous for baby to get up.
however, they seemed to stay on tight when i applied the tape to the top and bottom on the inside of the foam.
i just started with one corner edge, measured the long foam piece, and then cut the foam with scissors (just alittle bit longer then what i though i needed.
the finish product doesn't look funny or leave any gaps at all.
the guards are great because we have a fake stone fireplace so the edge is much more uneven than brick, but the guard works great.
corners are a joke.
love the ease of use, color, and cushions very well for my clumsy baby.
i have it guarding edges of my glass tv stand and it works great!
our son has clipped his chin, run around corners and hit his head and even bit the sides of the furniture when teething.
what a great baby proofing item.
we bought 2 sets, used on window sill, formica edges and corners, and along mirrored wall edges... we suggest not putting tape in guard but putting on the surface first, then slowly rolling the guard over the tape in a straight line.
i got this set to edge our stone hearth, and the color is a nice neutral beige/taupe.
the seams blend nicely together where the corners and straight pieces meet, and its discreet and doesn't scream &#34;baby proofing!&#34; highly recommended.
we used these with my first daughter and bought them again for the 2nd.
they stick well and are very helpful with the sharp corners.
this worked perfectly for our fireplace.
cuts easy, tape is sticky and hasn't peeled off.
my attemp to baby proof the corners i created more problems.i had to fix the plaster from peeling off and prevent him from eatting it.
provides the right amount of cushion.
the table was a little larger but cutting it to leave a 1" space in the center of each length works great.
it's easy to install but, keep in mind that your baby can easily pull this off of whatever it's attached to but, you don't want something that is going to stay on forever.
i need to return this item
shipped in nice original box.four corner plus the long strip - as described.a nice touch is the double-sided-tape is 3m and not some cheap fall-off-next-week tape.
stays fine.
my son even tried chewing on it w his new sharp teeth.
i used this table edge and corner guard to edge a window in my son's playroom.
i lined the edges of the windowsill.
this works well.
it contains more than twice as much foam - plus corners, you can cut it to whatever size you need, it bends around curves, and it's much softer than the safety first bumper!i love it, and it's perfect.
this edge guard is very easy to put on and sticks very well.
its very soft as well.
there is a raised seat and we used two of the corners and covered the edges.
our fire place is tile and the color blends in well!
we use this on the bottom edge of our coffee table because the baby loves to crawl underneath and then he hits his head on the way out.
it does the job!
this stuff works great for baby proofing.
still in place and working.
has saved my son from some nasty bumps and bruises many times.
totally worth it.
i bought two sets of these and they are working perfectly!
they come with 3m adhesive tape and attach securely.
for some reason, even when i measure and lay out the tape carefully the strips always were cut a little too short so i had to cut a few filler pieces for the spaces between some of the corners and the edging.
the foam is thick and durable!
i bought this for multiple purposes and it worked perfectly for all.
overall, definitely worth the price.-corner pieces used separately on corners of tables without the longer strips:  this doesn't look great but compared to the other clear plastic or silicone corner pieces i have much greater piece of mind with these.
i covered a large coffee table for around $3 and some blue painters tape.
bought this item to line the corners of the coffee table, side tables, and fire place.
when the package arrived the length of edging was 7'6", not 12' as advertised.
my only big gripe is that they are stingy on the adhesive you can just get all your edge guard on with the adhesive.
but once on it wont come off easily even by a prying little hand it take quite a effort.if you use the adhesive on the edge of the guard that makes sure kids cant take of easily.
thank you
works great.
those days are now a distant memory and you bite the bullet and apply a foam guard.
my baby has been not intrigued enough to pull this out.
i have it even on the wall corners in my house.
it is difficult to get them to stay adhered without putting adhesive tape on both sides.
once i put it on both sides, it works much better.
because this item is also a bit &#34;stretchy&#34; it was tricky to measure it exactly right.
so, we have small gaps between the pieces which aesthetically isn't great, but it still protects my daughter.
so i brought this to resolve that issue and prevent further damage-- works well.
it has stuck really well onto our fireplace (which is small, square, not totally even tile) for 2 weeks now.
the corners fit better, and the tape works a lot better.
it is easy to apply to furniture and it remains in place.
i highly recommend it.
i used the guard to cover the fireplace brick edges and it worked out fine since i didn't need the whole length.
this comes highly recommended in my family.
this is often the difference between a quizzical look and a meltdown.
it&#699;s easy to apply to the inside of the guards and easy to attach to the corners and surfaces that you want to use.
for us we have an extremely sharp edge in our shower and baby crawls around so we didn&#699;t want him to slip and fall on the edge.
we put the guard on the edge and it stays even though it gets wet every day as we shower.
i used the table corners for the corners of low window sills that are in his play area and it works well to protect him from falling on them and doubles as a teether.
lol he loves chewing on it!
it&#699;s a very soft, spongy material.
hopefully there&#699;s no bpa in it because it&#699;s constantly in my son&#699;s mouth!
needed this item for our brick fireplace and decided to give it a shot despite some saying that the double sided adhesive tape didn't work well.
it has been one month and the included adhesive tape is working very well.
we loved its quality and baby proofed our entire living room with it!
this edge guard worked out pretty well for our needs.
soft foamy, with double side tape.
they're terry cloth but they really don't look as nice as i had hoped.
one to use, while the other is washing!
regardless, it fits the contoured pad fine still, a bit snugger but not at all too small.i would have given it 5 stars if the terrycloth they used had been a higher quality.
i would have even paid more to have the choice between this terrycloth and a better one.finally, i still am very pleased and would purchase it with the contoured changing pad for a friend's baby shower too!
i love how soft and cuddly this changing pad cover is.
i also appreciate how many colors it comes in.what i am disappointed with is the durability.
i have 3 of these and have used them for just over a year.
now, keep in mind that we use disposable "chucks" (those blue hospital disposable under pads) on top of this terry cloth changing pad.
this works well with the contour changing pad.
it fits a little snugly, so the corners of the pad don't exactly stay as "pointy" as they were when it was new, but it works very well.
it works even better if you cut the straps off the changing pad.
you're right there with baby, anyway.
after only a few uses and washes, this pad cover started to tear.
it was ripping in the corners, and no matter how gentle i was, the hole got bigger.the color choice is out standing.
great colors, and i like simmons' contoured changing pad, which this is supposed to fit, but keep in mind that washing will significantly shrink the covers &amp; the terry fabric doesn't hold up well.
i am so pleased that the contoured changing table pad has so many choices in color for its cover!
i purchased the lilac, and a white cover and they both go well with my nursery decor.
so, when you go to put them back on the pad the fit is a bit tight, but i find they pull out pretty quickly to thier normal size.
besides, the darn things get all kinds of yuck on them all day.
they are going to take a beating being washed all the time as it is.
it handles well.
love!
i have twins and have 4 strollers but sometimes travelling it is nice to travel a little lighter and use umbrella strollers.
they work well to connect two umbrella strollers.
i use a combination of these for the top connection and a different brand for the bottom that are adjustable since my stroller bars are wider at the base and i connect in 4 places instead of 3 for a sturdier connection.
i was a bit hesitant to buy this booster, although it came highly recommended.
it has been used by my 3.5 year old and his 2 year old brother.
both of them love it.
no extra straps, trays, or pieces to worry about!
i can't use this booster in my home because it is made out of a rubber substance that my kids love to pull apart!!
my young toddler likes to bite and take chunks out of the booster seat.
if you have an aggressive chewer in the house, you may want to think about this--this material is highly attractive to chewers!
the cooshie booster is a good booster seat for toddlers when used in the right conditions.
the material is very lightweight and cleans up very easily.
if anything, our son is frustrated by the booster because its size prevents him from climbing into his chair unassisted.
well our daughter absolutely loves this and is so proud of her upgrade from highchair to big kid comfy booster.
best of all, the seat brings her to the perfect height at our table (much better fit than the hard plastic boosters) and she appears to be much more comfortable (not to mention our once picky eater is now happily eating everything she sees now).
also, the travel case this booster comes with is a nice touch, and it has room to pack a bib or small snack as well as the booster.
my daughter has no problems sitting still for extended periods as long as she is occupied, but if she were the kind of kid who always has to be moving at this age, i wouldn't use this booster just yet as it does not have any safety belt to hold your child in.
this is the best booster seat.
it "grips" easily to chairs and does not slide.
we use it in our captains chairs and our son is great in it!
my nephew has had one for two years or more now and it is still in excellent condition.
it may seem pricey for a booster but it is definitely worth it.
it travels easy and wipes clean in a heartbeat.
grandma even bought one to keep at her house for all the kids!
definitely a must have!
this chair is great, but i dont see anything miraculous going on.pros-* very comfortable, my son always says everything should be like cooshie* all one solid piece of foam, bo creveces to get food stuck in* it doesnt slip due to the material, a plus for a wiggly toddler* sits him up high enough to eat* can be easily taken off, no straps and all that stuff* cute color, not bright and pastely* very light weightcons-* is not at all portable, i dont know about you but i wouldnt want to "travel" with something the size of a large platter everywhere!
i like it and i am glad i chose it but i dont really understand the amazing changes in children with a booster (not that i am denying the fact that those reviews are true) i just dont see how this cooshie could do it.
we love this booster.
my 3 year is still using it and i think he started using it around 18 months or so.
one more thing... there is no substitute for proper and constant child supervision.
i have very sharp corners on the bottom of my kitchen counters and these guys do the job.
i love these.
use these on areas where the jumbo size is just too big.
i found the tape supplied a pain to use.
they don't look too bad either, since the dark color matches most of my furniture.
we have a lot of items to baby-proof, these seem very soft and durable, i am sure i will find corners that can use them.
i just put these on some sharp corners in my house and they are great.
i needed the jumbo size for the bottom of my entertainment center.
when a baby gets to the crawling stage, your life changes.
table corners are just one of those places that must be protected and this little gadget does so very well.
i put this on the corners of my brick fireplace and sticks well.
my one year old son tried pulling on it once and without success and never tried again.
the adhesive is strong enough and after 3 months, they are still there on all three corners.
i can check on baby and see him fine.
no there is no space to move at all and it does not skip.
***it is not perfect but it does the trick!
***
this item is not top quality.
for such an expensive item the quality is very poor.we ended up ordering the fisher price tape player online and it is really wonderful.
i bought this for our son when he was born 3 years ago.
i loved it at first.
i, unlike other users, had no trouble with the volume.
we have been using this seat for about 6 months with our toddler boy.
i love how it attaches to the seat easily and securely.
we've tried several different potty seats and this is the best by far:1)  fairly easy to clean, integrated design.
this seat positively sits on the toilet, and my son is comfortable on it for even long periods of timewe tried the soft plastic ones, and ironically he complained a lot more about those being uncomfortable than this one.
highly recommended!
we have two of these and love them.
fits on most seats with minor adjustment.
my daughter likes to do it herself and it is very easy for her to do so.
this seat works, period.
it safe and looks nice.
there is no risk of him falling in, and it doesn't seem to slip.
after the great reviews and was actually recommended to me by my sister, it just doesn't work for our daughter.
we have a folding potty seat that we bring with us for travelling.
i bought babybj&ouml;rn toilet trainer to potty train my son.
he likes using it, and the splash guard in the front works.
we bought this about 8 months before my daughter started seriously training.
great seat.
i even take this to other people's homes and have used it successfully everywhere.i'm so relieved that my baby cooperated with early potty training, and this product enabled me to accomplish that.
my toddlers were fine using it and began using the big potty the same day we bought it.
definately worth the extra money, great design!
yes i am trying the impossible of early potty training with my 13 month old.
cleans easy.
the best!
i love this seat.
the kids say it's comfortable and it adjusts to fit the seat.
which is great, since we actually have a round seat in one bathroom and an oval one in the other.
i keep this one in the main bathroom, since it's the favorite.
no issues.
we bought a couple of stand-alone potty seats a few months ago when our daughter was about 20 months old.
on a hunch, i tried thearm & hammer secure comfort potty seat, colors may vary, which is one of the few polypropylene potty seats that has handles.
it doesn't hurt that the shandle comes in a variety of kid-friendly designs such as dinosaurs, martians and robots, which makes them attractive to toddlers.
(it also comes in elegant fashion prints and plain white, for those who prefer their bathrooms to have a more adult look).
this is a fantastic seat for these reasons:1.
easy to clean!3.
doesn't pinch skin.5.
easily removeable for adult use of toilet.7.
this item is very simple to install and the white plastic makes it very easy to clean.
this seat has worked very well for our 25-month-old boy.
very easy to use and clean, and also easy to remove and replace to allow adults to use the toilet.
one caution: the splash guard in front will not always catch everything, especially if our son is not sitting centered and aligned with it, or if he moves around.
with this training seat she fit perfectly and her fear was over.
it does stay in place and is very comfortable for my son.
it's comfortable, reliable and easy to clean.
this is a better model than many alternatives.
love it!
this is the first seat you used for potty training.
this is a great seat.
happily we are way past the training.
last but not least, the cleaning was easy, fast and comfortable from the first time on without fear of falling in because it's a perfect size.
our two year old son drinks out of normal glasses, he eats with adult silverware, he never used a pacifier, etc etc.
what a nice bathroom decoration.
love.
i have one in every bathroom.
after reading numerous amazon reviews, i decided to purchase the babybj&ouml;rn toilet trainer and am very pleased with my choice.the babybj&ouml;rn toilet trainer sits on the seat and is then secured by turning a wheel at the back of the seat.
the seat held firmly in place.the splash guard at the front of the seat is sufficiently high to prevent accidental oversprays.
this seat is awesome, it fits both elongated and normal bowls very snugly.
this is a better option.
we've been potty training my son for several weeks now, and he showed signs of being interested in using the big potty.
so we bought a well-rated fancy potty seat with all sorts of "features" that was absolutely terrible.
works well, but you basically need to also buy the steps that go with it or your kid cannot get on the potty by themselves.. which is the point.
however, after three months of regular use, my 2.5 year old son has no problems with it and it fits nice and snugly on our toto toilets.
we love this seat so much, we ended up getting two...one for each of our bathrooms.
our 2.5yr old has no problem getting on this herself with the help of a step stool and she likes the fact that she's going potty like a grown-up.
great seat, fits well on toilet, my son loves it.
comfortable.
great quality.
this is a great little seat.
used this seat for my daughter, and now using it for my son.
the guard is great as long as you teach your son how to sit properly on the seat.
this has been a great seat for us, and it fits both of our toilets securely.
no complaints from the kids either.
wish i has been able to see this side-by-side with the cheap ones.
this potty seat is well designed, doesn't rock, and is one piece.
this potty seat is simple, comfortable and easy to use.
only potty seat we'll use for our kids.
we love it!
seat is made in sweden.
i highly recommend it.
and, best of all, it's relieved her totally valid fears of falling into the big potty, which means a lot less little potty clean-up for us.this is our 3rd potty seat.
we have one in both our bathrooms, and sent one to my daughter's preschool, so it fits large toilets as well.despite the higher price, this is an item that will last a long time and function as expected.
ultimately, i believe that makes it worth the extra money.
easy to clean and lightweight.
transportable if you need to take it places.
you put it on there and it's not going to slip.the gentle contour of the front splash guard makes it a great seat for both boys and girls to use.
it doesn't get in the way and is still functional.it does what it says and does it well.
very happy with this purchase.
my daughter is almost a year old.
it is perfect!
does not wiggle when set correctly.
suitable for boy or girl.
i bought one of these potties for my 18 month old and it is fantastic!
i just bought another one to use in the other bathroom.
i have a very large (and very precocious) 18 month boy who is doing great with this!
i just came back to order another one for upstairs after carrying one back and forth for 1.5 weeks.
very comfy, and no spraying or damaged boy parts- spray guard works great.
bought two based on a lot of the good reviews, one for our upstairs and downstairs bathrooms.
the splash guard can hurt your son.
make sure you read the other reviews about boys and this potty seat.
this potty seat has discourage our son from wanting to use the potty.
my daughter loves them and it gives her the perfect amount of comfort and support during potty training.
[updated]this is one of two potty seats we use in the house with our huge 3 year old son (45 pounds, 42" tall).the seat is well constructed, and has some nice features.
originally i thought this was because of the potty seat design.the front splash guard is raised to keep the child from missing the potty entirely, which is great.
3 stars for hygeine and spraying my son with his own pee.
this potty seat's front piece extends further down than a travel potty seat, for example, which is good.
bumping the star rating from 3 to 4 to reflect this.
i'd still like a miracle solution, if anyone knows one!
we bought one for each bathroom (one upstairs, one on main floor) and it was easier and better to travel with than the little green baby bjorn potty.
the price is awesome.
this is perfect.
it adjusts very easily to any bowl, is firm and steady when it attaches, pops on and off in a second.
this helped him tremendously and made the toilet more comfortable.
it's ergonomically designed to allow for a comfortable set as well as preventing over shooting with the front elevated part.
i wouldn't buy this one again, but would certainly want one as a gift!
you can ask my husband - i've purchased at least 5 potty seats since getting our son to use the potty.
the one seat that did end up staying in our house seemed great at first, but i later discovered that there were gaps on the bottle of the seat that captured urine and required constant cleaning.
there are absolutely no hidden gaps or fabrics that can soak up or trap urine.
there is a small splash guard (more like a ridge) in the seat so no "fountaining" can occur.
everything that i've complained about in the previous potty seats is addressed with the baby bjorn - it works fantastically!
highly highly recommended.
these seats are great for potty trainers or small kids.
for some reason she will not use the stand alone at all.
have two of these (one for upstairs, one for down) as well as the baby bjorn freestanding potty.
fits all three of our toilets perfectly and very comfortable for our child.
also, it would have been nice not having to remove the seat every time, and just flip it instead.anyway, an overpriced item in my opinion.
great seat!
this is our second one in 4 years and two kids!
there is no leakage between the seat and the toilet seat and the guard works well.i fully expect that my daughter will be able to use this seat when she is ready to potty train.
using the wheel to adjust this for a snug fit on our toilet seats was very easy, very pleased with this seat, it seems very comfortable for our 21 month old.
we had a different brand one before buying this seat and it pinched my sons private parts.
this seat is all one piece and is easy for my son to put on and take off the potty.
it has a wheel that adjust so it can fit in different size toilets.
looks nice, cleans well, travels well, stays put.
it's perfect for my 3 year old.
very happy.
i bought this seat based on all the great reviews and i was not disappointed.
my son just turned 2 and is small for his age and he fits perfectly on this seat.
i bought 2!
this is a great adapter for a normal adult seat.
and it is not easy to store in that it is wide at the top.
overall, though great from potty training your little to use a big toilet versus the potty seats.
my daughter really likes her pink potty seat.
it is very comfortable for her as well as easy for her to put on the potty herself which is important to her.
for some reason my son likes this better than sitting on his own baby potty.
our potty training days are over for the time being, but this was great!
also i've noticed that though she's a girl it's still helpful that this unit has a splash guard on it.
we have now bought 3, count them 3, different potty scenarios for our 2-year-old, and this is by far the best.
when our son was 3 he was able to attach and remove it on his own with no issues.
we bought two.
you must buy a stool with it but otherwise great
my son it doing well with this seat, no little potty, staight to this seat.
the lip could be a little higher as sometimes he sprays over.
just rinse with warm water and let air dry.
i purchased one for each bathroom and also a few for the grandparents house.
stores away easily.
love it!
i am embarrassed to admit how happy i am about this potty seat.
no need to try & get suction cups to try & keep the seat stable.
#3 the splash guard is not so huge & in the way.
my daughter is able to get it herself and place it on herself.
or maybe because its clean & white, idk.
that being said, when i say hard plastic, it is not by all means uncomfortable.
my daughter loves this seat.
purchased 2 of these, one for myself at my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law at theirs, as they are in the process of potty training our grandson.
highly recommend this seat as it very well made.
my son is 3 years old and i potty trained him in 1 day.
it took a day of "accidents", but it was well worth it.
this turned out to be the ideal potty seat for us.
the kids love that they have their own seat that is so comfortable.
baby bjorn products are always well-made and well suite for the their particular purpose and this one proves that.
it gives me peace of mind knowing that my little ones can use it easily without fear of them slipping off of it or the seat falling into the bowl.
great potty seat!
we just potty trained our daughter 2 weeks ago, and having her sit on the big potty has been a challenge.
what you would expect from baby bjorn.
well priced, well made, and very functional.
i love the dial on the back that makes it really secure on any shape seat.
i bought this item after reading the reviews for it here on amazon.
i was having a hard time finding a potty seat that fit our elongated bowl in the basement bathroom, until i came across this seat.
the seat doesn't move at all and #1 &  #2 go where they belong.
this seat is very easy to install and fits securely.
we have a standard size and shape toilet seat.
my son prefers to use this seat instead of the small stand alone potties.
its dimensions are perfect and he can sit without any danger of falling in or feeling off balance.
hopefully she will grow into this one.
seat works well, adjustable & fits our toilet well (standard seat).
easy to install, comfortable for my son to sit on and has a very useful splash guard.
the seat blends in very well with the bathroom and can be easily hung when not in use.
would highly recommend.
these are just great.
my son sits comfortably on them.
baby bjorn delivers great quality as always.
i have 2 of these & would recommend these to everyone always.
though this is a nice sturdy potty seat and would probably be perfect for girls or larger boys, it did not work for me.
it snaps into the opening of a standard flip seat of an adult toilet, allowing a small child to seat on the toilet without falling in.
thus even after the child is &#34;trained,&#34; the seat is useful.
works great!
i bought it based on so many great reviews.
before we bought this we have used two of the princelionheart wee pod basic which crack every single time.
i'm surprised by how well this is rated so i decided to add my two cents to the minority.the pros:  fits snugly on any seat.
also, easy to clean.
i also like the look of it; simple and clean.
there are two seats in one so both children and adults can use it.
our daughter also likes that this helps her use the same potties mama and daddy use.
my son loves it!i bought 4 different brands for him to try out and this is the best one!perfect shape, perfect comfort, perfect size for a 4 yr old.
easy to install.
this lid is great for my petite 3 year old to use.
it has the nice guard in front to help minimize over shoot.
it is strong, sturdy, easy to clean.
it is great how it adjusts to fit snugly with my lid underneath.
since my daughter is petite she has a hard time getting high enough to just sit- she has to "shimmy" and this snug lid is very safe for her to shimmy onto with out moving.
worth the extra money.
my son loves using the potty with this seat!
the simple design makes it easy to clean and use.
this potty seat fits very nicely on our elongated toilet seats.
the adjustable fitting makes it nice and snug so the kids don't wiggle at all on the seat.
nice quality seat, smooth and easy to clean, and fits my elongated toilet seat perfectly (due to the adjustability of the seat).
most importantly, my son is very comfortable using it and no longer fears the seat moving on him and now is getting on and off the potty by himself.
worth every penny in my book!
my daughter is happy seating on it, it's small enough for her and it's very easy to install, put on and take off.
my son started using this potty at 6 months.
it is one of the only potties small enough for infant potty training.
the potty has a great splash gard, and appears to be shaped to help my son go.
it is okay for something like that, but i would not use it for much else.i have a very active 2 year old who does not always want to take time to sit on the potty.
my son is little so it may not be good for larger kids starting to potty train.
)fits in a small space in my small bathroom without an issue.
although i am a die hard baby bjorn fan, i am not a true fan of the little potty.
we keep our little potty in the minivan for those unexpected road trip emergencies.
this potty is great.
if you can spend a bit more, the newer model with the inside that comes out ($24.95) is much better in my opinion.
higher for sure, and actually easier to dump since it has an insert.
we take this little potty with us everywhere.
i actually purchased online from amazon specifically to find the one piece babybjorn little potty (bblp) after my friends raved about it.it now lives permanently in the back of my car, so that my toddler can have easy access to a potty when we're on the go.
i've also taken this on planes and trips in our carry-on, so that we would have access to a potty ...even if there was not a bathroom available.
with little ones it is so hard for them to wait, and this helps keep them potty-independent.also, if you do infant pottying or elimination communication, this is one of the &#34;must-have&#34; pottys.
the seat is a little on the smaller side compared to the standard little pottys you'll find at toys r us or wherever ...which makes it ideal for little ones (i am talking 1 year or younger).
it is small enough & light-weight enough to take anywhere.
my son's little, petite bum fits great on this potty.
he can get on & off of it easily as well.
the price was well worth it!
the only complaint i have is the comfort factor, but i don't see how that could be improved without loosing the ability to grab and go and clean easy.
i use it with my 9 month old twin girls when i catch them.
i'm not sure how other parents bridge the gap of potty-training while away from the house, but this works perfectly for us!!
in fact, we're taking her on a plane for the first time in a couple months and plan on taking this potty in our carry-on.
so if you're starting with a little one, this would be perfect!!
great size for a baby but the bottom can slip on a smooth floor.
scared my baby a bit when it slipped unexpectedly.
we mostly used this as a travel or back-up potty, with parental support.
it's a nice small size (for infants) and easy to use and clean.
!frank
we have one of the larger baby bjorn potties for each of our girls, 3 years and 20 months.
however, the younger one has a bit of difficulty sitting down on the larger one because of the shield in the front.
it's reasonably priced, and the perfect size for a child under 2 years who is learning to use the potty or just has potty curiousity after watching an older sibling use the potty.
just be prepared for a little extra work in the clean-up department, and a new potty or seat adapter somewhere between the age of two and three, as this potty will surely be outgrown early on.
if you are in that category you'd want to look at one of the larger bjorn potties.however, if you are ecing a baby or working on potty training with a younger/smaller toddler, this potty is great.
for myself i love the simple, one-piece design.
we have used 3 different potties over the years with our children and this is my favorite.
the back has a knotch cut out for easy carrying.
i am eyeing moving up to the regular size bjorn potty seat, which i hope will be a little more comfortable for her height.
we started with this potty when my son was around 6 months.
he's 3 now and still uses it, although he's opting for the potty seat more often.
easy to take on the go.
i don't understand the negative reviews because of the size of the potty for normal potty training(i've never done the baby potty thing).
this potty beats the one i used for my first two boys by a land slide!
i rinse it out well then wipe it out with a clorox wipe.
to date, we have purchased 4 of these potties for our petite 14 month old daughter (upstairs, downstairs, both parents' cars), when we wanted to start to introduce toileting in a natural way.
we have now successfully integrated it into our diaper-changing routine, and she fits nicely.
this is perfect for my 20 month old.
it is very small.
my daughter is small for her age and it fits her perfectly.
she is relaxed on this and that makes all of the difference.
it is perfect for us, but be aware it is small.
we love it, baby loves it, washes easy, good price, free shipping when bought from amazon!
great size for ec babies!
perfect little potty, i'm using for ec with my 3month old and it is working beautifully, easy to grab nice neat compact size and just great to have around!
this potty is the perfect size for anyone doing elimination communication with her baby.my baby is still too young to actually sit on it, but it works great for something to hold him over.
:)plus, it's light and easily transportable.i love it that baby bjorn has recognized the need for a smaller potty for the ecing crowd or those with smaller children wanting to use the potty.
this is the best potty.
also the splash guard is important, even for girls.
also it's light and easy to take to the beach or wherever we go.
love this potty.
i highly recommend this potty.
the potty is a perfect size for a young child/baby who is beginning to use the potty.
the one piece design is great for cleaning.
it looks incredibly comfortable and my little lady is very tall for her age.
we have been using this potty for our 2 1/2 month old (yes, you read that correctly) for a few weeks now.
this potty has been a wonderful solution to that problem.it's definitely small, but since my baby is a particularly petite baby to begin with, i reckon she'll probably be close to completely potty trained before she outgrows this.
we saw that ikea has a $5 potty, so we got one to have a secondary use potty.
for that reason, i still prefer the size and shape of the baby bjorn potty.
the price was definitely a plus as well.
she is 2 1/2 years old, at 29 lbs and 34 inches and is on her way to becoming fully potty trained.
started taking baby potty at 2 months - he's 5 months now (17 lbs, 26" tall), & can sit on this potty himself.
it is so easy to clean & take to work with me, & fits him great!
very simple, very economical and it fits small babies.
we started poty traning our son at 5 months and he loves to be on the poty.
the splashguard protects well.
we're practicing elimination communication and these potties are the perfect size for infants!
my only complaint is that the yellow one came with huge black scuff marks and scratches all over it.
i'm sure amazon would have accepted it as a return, but what new parent has the time for that?
we bought this potty chair after much research and also owning another one - a winnie the pooh potty chair with a removable urine shield that pops off too easily and just asks to be lost.
the bowl lifts out and rinses easily.
not a good thing with a potty2)  built in urine shield (into the bowl) works great and our son loves sitting on it.
simple!
love it.
very good price
this is a great potty seat and very easy to manage, however the potty disassembles quite easily from the base and does not have a cover.
i highly recommend getting this and forget about the bells and whistles of the fisher price model.
this potty is simple, tough, and great for a boy.
my daughter is on the thinner side and at 18 months struggles to get comfortable in this chair.
in addition, the splash guard makes sitting on this super awkward.
it's not safe for your child to independently seat themselves without some help.
my boy is a big boy and it fits him perfect!
somehow won't tip.. nicely engineered!
i'm grateful i finally caved and bought this.
i never know what i would have done without it...potty training was a breeze with the help of this potty chair..my baby loves her little red potty...
in the same aspect, i got this chair just to make sure my son sits on the potty chair when parents use the bathroom and it worked very well.
he likes to sit on this one, as it has the backrest, and armrest for both of his arms and his foot has not yet touched the floor but, its good enough for him.
he has one of his squirty friends or a book in his hands to keep him happy.
pooping, we have not started yet, but so far it has been easy to clean and the splash guard does work great, remove the inner seat and wash it in warm water, and its even sanitized!its been about a month since i got the first potty and here i am ready to buy my second one for the bathroom on the first floor.
we didn't use stickers.
we used this for both of our boys and am glad to say they are now successfully trained.
it is easy to move around the house and most importantly she likes it.
she likes to lean back and throw her arm over the back.
the pink color is great!
this looks great in our small guest bathroom by my son's sticker chart, wee pod basix and potty book.
honestly, i was going to get the smart potty instead, but this was eligible for amazon prime and thus a few cents cheaper [every penny counts these days!]
[more natural-leaf-looking than neon.
shes peed in it a couple times, now.
the center "potty bowl" removes easily and doesnt force you to touch anywhere the pee has touched since it has a "lip" to grab up under the front "horn" of the bowl.
very, very easy to use.
my daughter can sit on it herself [shes 13m] and stand up unassisted, as well.
but thats just a learning curve of whats "yucky" and shouldnt be touched.
with five young children in our home, we have two of these baby bjorn potties.
with constant use (and abuse) they still look brand new!
my kids love the bright colors which make potty training easier :) well worth the money!!
from the age of 6.5 months or so, our lo was really comfortable on this potty (it was ok earlier, but only for very short duration).
it is very steady, and super easy to keep clean -- you just take out the inner compartment and wash it out.
we are very happy with the decision to go with this model.
i bought this one because it had great reviews and was simple and easy to clean.
she is not a big girl but this seat is just too uncomfortable for her.
it also leaves her with a red ring around her butt.
we have one in each bathroom, and when my son was learning, we kept one in his bedroom as well.
this one is a breeze.also, the bowl is oval shaped and plenty long enough to accommodate larger toddlers without having positioning issues.
the insert can be removed and held in your lap -- used as a top hat potty -- until your child is old enough to sit freely on the potty.i absolutely love these potties because they are so practical, simple to use, and child friendly.
our boy started potty training around 15 months, and this high back was great for him at that young age, plus it is very easy to clean and fits his small tush (he is only 25 lbs).
we got one for each of the grandparents house because he loved it so much and wanted to use it there.
bought for our 30 month old grandson.
.he likes it.
and at least our little girl finds the splash guard uncomfortable, because she has to straddle it.
i can't speak for how it works for a boy, but it seemed to be really comfortable for our daughter.
and, she complained that the potty hurt her butt.
it worked brilliantly for us.
this is a great potty.
the inner liner lifts off and is easy to wipe clean with a disinfectant cloth.
the boy shield is not too high and is rounded nicely so they won't hurt themselves while getting on.
the base is very solid and sturdy and doesn't move at all.
it also looks comfortable with the arm rests.
we also have the blue potty as well and love them both.
we have 1 upstairs and 1 downstairs for our 2 yr old son who is potty trained..i love how high up the lip is on this potty, thus preventing any addicents.
very easy to clean as well and no leaking noted.
we researched plenty of potty seats and found this to be the best for boys.
be aware that with a boy the splash guard might not catch all the pee, but you can help him learn how to sit correctly and then it doesn't happen!
one of the most useful items i bought for the baby!
we got this chair for our son to learn to use the potty.
its sturdy and comfortable for him which is great.
i have a 2 year old in the potty training phase.
it has a wonderful pee guard for my boy and he never gets the pee on the floor.
i just love this potty for the ease of cleaning it.
my son loves it, too.
its very comfortable and easy for him to use on his own.
he was totally comfortable.
love this potty and we will be using it again with our second boy due in a few months.
i think what makes this potty work well for my twins is the high arms.
also, it arrived in one day.
i think the price was favorable and feel great about the purchase of these two potty chairs.they're right now in the early stages of learning.
love it!
i wish i would've had it for my first son and just got a separate step stool.
they both can use it very easily, they don't have to take their bottoms off all the way.
there are no spills with the pee guard.
it is easy to clean, my daughter uses it, and it has held up well so far.
this a nicely molded piece of plastic- simple, no sharp edges.
just the right size.
shield is also high enough for potty.
we have a frog potty in our upstairs bathroom and my daughter complains that it hurts her bum.
it's the perfect size and easy to dump and clean after each use.
awesome!!!!
plus this one is soooo  great for boys, there is plenty of space and the guard in front makes it really easy!!!
the high back is nice for my daughter because she can read her favorite book and lean back.
rubber grip on the bottom works well too, does not slide around.
having gone through the search of a good one with my first child, i found this and bought 2.
i had a safety 1st potty that i just hated before i bought this baby bjorn potty.
it leaked, its round opening was way too small, and i had a ton of problems with my son leaking all over the front and on to the floor.
for nearly a year, i have been struggling to help my now three-year-old become potty trained.
this potty chair is tall enough that it is comfortable for him to sit upon, there are no separate guards that pinch him, the rubber bottom prevents it from sliding on our floor, it has a back and armrests that help my son stand up after going potty, he can use it by himself, and it's super easy to clean!
i have found that if you pour the liquid out the back of the potty chair insert (where the white bowl curves upward), the liquid does not run down the outside of the container like other potty chairs.overall, while a bit pricey, this is without a doubt the best potty chair we have found for our toddler boy.
i started potty training my son at about 14 months, and he is short for his age.
this potty was a pretty good height for him, so it was comfortable and not too high, and it still fits him at 18 months.
the guard in front forces his legs apart a bit and is high enough to catch most of a boy's unpredictable flow.
we owned our last blue babybjorn potty for over 10 years.
it survived 4 children.
the white part removes easily so that it can be given a quick rinse.a child can lean back and not fall off the potty.
i figured the bjorn potties have been working well for us, lets try the top of the line potty chair!and its working great, the bowl rinses easily.
i keep it on a little rug to catch the dribbles and just throw that in the wash as needed.
it is very stable and wont move around on you or your toddler.the design is simple, which means that clean up is simple as well.
most of them were okay, but just got nasty quckly, were hard to disinfect, or were uncomfortable for my son.
the ones with the removable splash gaurd are not gentle and can scrape a child's sensitive parts.
within a week, he was trained, and began using the "big boy seat", so we saved the seat for our daughter.
now our 23 month old daughter is training.
we bought her this white babybjorn seat for our downstairs bathroom, with the blue upstairs.
she has been "training" for 6 days now, and is almost completely day trained!this seat is by far the best in our experiences.
2.
it is not easy to tip!
3.
kids can choose what color they want!
this was such a big deal to my children --- also, they are solid colors that can look nice with your bathroom.
it works for children of all different sizes!
my son was 40" and 42lbs when potty training, and my daughter is 25lbs and a little shrimp, and this seat fit them both wonderfully.overall, having tried many seats, this one was the absolute best for both our children, and i would highly reccomend it to anyone in need of a seat for potty training success~!
my only complaint is that when he stands to tinkle, the urine inevitably hits the back of the seat and the design is such that it leaks underneath.
sometimes she would even tell us ahead of time.
first time potty training for our 14 months daughter.
the high back rest helps alot, because she tends to sit far back to get comfortable.
its very stable and we dont worry about it tipping over.good value, nice design, and definitely easy to clean.
highly recommended.
she discovered that the seat insert makes a great cowboy hat and is also fun to stand in and push around the house and put her toys inside and underneath it.
just wish i knew before i bought it!
i think it's well made, a good size and has a nice simple design.
my little two year old daughter is...well...little.
i bought this potty based on the excellent reviews here and for the most part, it delivered.1.
easy to clean.but, being that my kiddo is a shrimp and a girl, the molded splash guard thing kept poking her in a highly uncomfortable way when she'd try to sit on this thing and it got to the point where when she'd see this potty she'd scream.
it's inexpensive (but very well made), super easy to clean, has a very comfortable splash guard for boys and is comfortable (i'm assuming).
i originally bought the safety 1st potty chair/stool.
refused for weeks to do that with the safety 1st.
when starting potty training, this seat was the perfect size for my toddler.
there are rubber grips underneath the seat to prevent it from sliding around.
no complaints!
works great, son loves it.
works perfect for boys.
great quality.
i thought i would give the floor-potty a chance, and got this one.
and so i showed her that she couljd stand on the floor, take off her own pants/pull-up and go...she did, and the potty is super sturdy, it's the perfect size for her tiny little hiney (she's only 23.6lbs at a little over 2yrs!
in the end, i'm happy with my bjorn purchase.
my son is well supported in the ergonomic seat that has a wide base and rubber footings so i don't have to worry about him squirming and tipping over.
the bowl is big enough to catch all of his deposits.
so perhaps bojorn should look into tweeking that part of their design.
it has a great "wrap-around" design that is perfect for my 4-month-old who is just getting familiar with the potty.
for those working on infant potty training, i highly recommend this chair.
definitely easier than changing a diaper!
this potty is very nice.
i bought this because of the sleek look, high back.
it will work fine.
we love this potty chair (bought one for each bathroom).
the design is simple.
it is comfortable and easy to use.
my 2 year old son has had no problems with it.
we also have the babybjorn potty seat which is great as well.
i like having both so my son can choose whichever he wants (he likes both equally).
our son is not potty training yet but, he loves to sit on his potty.
with a high back, he looks comfortable and relaxed sitting on it.
lots of great colors to choose from.
simple yet smart design.
but she seems very comfortable on it.
our first potty for our daughter had one of those squishy foam-type seats.
my daughter chose her own color - i love that there are so many options - and we ended up with a green one.
it seems comfortable, and she doesn't get that red ring around her bottom from sitting on it.
the reservoir is compact and can be rinsed in a small bathroom sink, but holds plenty.
if you forget to dump it once, it won't overflow on the second use.my first daughter still prefers this potty over using the adult one.
the size of this potty is very versatile, and i think it will last her a good while longer if she needs it to.now my second daughter is getting to the potty-training age (18 months), and we've invested in a second one in her favorite color, yellow (it's actually a lovely shade).
this one is truly the best.
it's also a really good size "bowl", some are waaay too small to neatly go potty in.
hopefully when we officially start potty training, it will be fine.
love this potty - it's so easy and comfortable for our son to sit on.
best potty ever!
i am potty training my 19 month old daughter.
my daughter is 19 months and 24 lbs and this seat is the perfect height for her.
as said, my twin 3 year old sons have used this a few times (when both just gotta go at the same time and one is already on the big potty)and had absolutely no issues with it at all.
i wish i would have bought this the first time instead of spending hundreds on other potties over the past decade.
this potty is perfect!
make sure you order &#34;potty&#34; by leslie patricelli- it's the best potty book we've come across and our little one loves it.
love the high back and easily accessible to dump and clean.
love this potty!
it's white and matches our bathroom nicely...it blends in.
recommended also by "toddler bargains".
my 2 year old son strongly prefers the pottypod, which he finds much more comfortable.
it is easy to clean and appropriately sized.
also, he usually needs help getting on it.
your basic, sturdy little potty.
who knows haha.
my son is 50th percentile for weight and height, so pretty average sized for a 2 year old.
as lots of reviewers have mentioned, the height of this potty is great, the handholds on the side are a help, the splash guard is built in so there are no pinching problems there, and the back would be nice except...there is about an inch of space between the edge of the bowl and the back of the seat, so that when my son sits on it, the bowl shifts ever so slightly and his bum gets pinched in the back.
it does the job.
easy to clean and super comfortable for her.
plus, since lots of our friends use them, she has &#34;her&#34; potty when we go over.
we are still working on going always on the potty, but she loves the potty itself.
it is very basic and sturdy.
i like that it has a separate bowl and my daughter is so proud when she can take it out and flush it down the "big" potty.
we have two of these - one for upstairs, and one for downstairs.
it's great for our 2.5 year old boy who is learning to use the potty, and easy for us as parents to try to get him to use it.pros:- there's a barrier/guard in the front so he doesn't pee everywhere.
i'm guessing he was around 2.5 years old.it came with 2 pieces: a base and a cup.the base has a wide, stable bottom on it to prevent tipping and a nice back on it.
there are no sharp corners  - just curves which are very easy to keep clean.
it is smooth so that it will not scratch tender body parts and it cannot get lost.the cup is removed from the top of the base!
with my other potty, i had to turn it around and remove the cup from underneath the seat.
there are no gaps or tight corners for pee to get into.
it's rounded corners and pleasing colours are easy to look at.
we started potty training my daughter at 2 and a half.
we decided on the babybjorn potty chair because it seemed easy to clean, comfortable, and didn't have anything that would make her want to continue to use it as opposed the the real potty.we bought this when she was 2 just to get her used to it.
she sat on it while we were in the bathroom and read her books.
she was comfortable and nothing pinched her causing her to not want to use it.
it is easy to clean up and easy for my son to use.
very lightweightas well.
it is well-made and sturdy; it didn't tip when my son got on or off.
this is close enough to that style that he started quoting part of the video upon first site.
this is a little odd given its oval shaped bowl.
love this potty.
it's a wonderful simple design that makes it super easy to clean.
we used this potty chair for both of our daughters, who potty trained at about 2.5 years old.
its simple design is absolutely ideal for use and cleaning.
the splash guard molded as part of the bowl is excellent, providing protection as well as not being an impediment to the child sitting down.
the smooth plastic without any real corners or edges makes cleaning effortless.
plus, the rubber bottom really does keep the seat from slipping across the floor.
plus, as an added bonus, it resembles the potty seat depicted in the "once upon a potty" video, so the kids can easily connect the concept to real life.
this is a great training potty for toddlers.
very happy!
son loves sitting on it and hasn't had any issues at all.
i have a 15 month old who is &#34;interested &#34; in going to the bathroom.
bought this seat so she could familiarize herself with it beforehand.
after a month she asks regularly to &#34;go potty&#34;.
perfect size.
my son used this pot for the entire potty training process.
he had one at home and at both grandparents houses.
the pee guard did its job and the size was great for my "chunky" little one.
the built in splash guard is great!
variety of colors.
my triplets are all different shapes and sizes.
our other son is a bit small for his age and because the pot is oval there is no leg stretching and no "falling in".
her tiny behind doesn't fall in or slip or anything.
the splash guard never gets in her way!
highly recommended!
i bought this for potty training my 2-year old daughter but she wouldn't use it.
this potty seat is perfect.
i love the back on this as well as the splash protector in the front.
this is a very nice potty seat.
it's a good size, seems comfortable enough for him, is simple, and is easy to dump out and clean.
we have one babybjorn and 2 summer infants, and they're all great.
i actually slightly prefer the cheaper summer infant.
we love this potty.
it is super easy to clean up and the bright colors are great.
my son still loves to sit on his green potty.
he is about 32 pounds and 36 inches & i'm sure he will be using it at home for a while.
btw, baby bjorn makes 2 potties (and a ring too) this is the larger one.
if you are wanting a smaller one, there little potty is great but would not recommend it if you are starting with an older child as it is rather small (my son loved it at 15/16 months and will use it now but i don't think i would buy one that small for an older child).
nice potty is easy to clean and looks alot like the adult potty so helps eliminate confusion.
she likes to run over to the sink and wash her hands when she's done....the step is nice too.babybjorn safe step - white(i got the pink one to match her seat)it stays put and is sturdy.
i'm surprised this potty got such rave reviews.
my daughter is so uncomfortable with this potty trainer!
the splash guard is what really seems to make it uncomfortable for her.
this is the most comfortable potty chair around!
it is the perfect size for my 2 year old son.
my son was using it by 15 months.
my daughter &#34;practices&#34; on hers.
they are very simple and easy to clean.
and, they seem very comfortable to sit on.
the splash guard is way too short, my son just pees right over the top of it.
this potty works very well for us.
my son likes that it is his size (we also have a potty seat for the toilet which he isn't so into).
it is light enough that he can move it himself, but the rubber grip on the bottom keeps it from slipping when he sits.
like the chair, purchased 2 of them in different colors, good size for tall 21 month old and easy to clean.
i also have the shorter backed version, and they are both good for different reasons.
i love the simple design of this potty and that it only has two parts.
bought it for my 9 month old baby girl, she can sit resting her feet on the ground and her back and arms are well comfortable too.
it's pretty unobtrusive color wise, but it is kind of large.
this is light, safe, easy to clean and attractive.
my daughter likes it and is having no trouble so far using it.
she can easily and safely get on and off it by herself or with help.
but is the best.
besides, potty training should be as simple and natural as possible, so choose a simple potty.
it's ok.
other than that this one is easy to use as well, inside comes out and outside easy to clean as well.
it's just so big and my son seems to prefer the smart potty as well.
the splash guards are always too small and they leak ( like our defective thomas potty seat)  so i am happy to have this one as a big improvement.
my son is on the large side he is 34 pounds and 36 inches tall and just turned 2 last month.
he fits on it just fine and likes that he can lean back.
i am so pleased with this potty.
it is very comfortable for my 2 1/2 year old.
it is also very easy to keep cleaned up.
after extensive research, i finally settled on this potty chair and i am extremely pleased with my purchase.
its ergonomic design and rubber bottom makes it comfortable and stable, even on carpet.
it looks remarkably similar to a real potty because if its smooth, white finish.
she now loves to sit on the potty and this one appears to be very comfortable for her.in a nutshell, it is simply made, easy to clean and perfect for potty training.
i bought this based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews.
my daughter is tall for her age but not particularly chunky or chubby.
sometimes when she stood up, the white part actually came up with her.
i later bought her that fisher price one with the face and that sings.
this seat is easy to clean, sturdy and a nice color.
we bought a potty that had a face and would play music but my son thought it was a toy.
i love how long and deep the opening is, and how there is no chance for leakage.
when it comes to potties, the simplest design is definitely the best.
my daughter can lean on it without it tipping over, and she loves to comfortably lean against the backrest while sitting on it.
the shape of this potty ensures that kids sit on it correctly every time.
i am so happy i read the reviews before picking a potty, and bought this one from amazon instead of just going with whatever i could find at my local stores.
i like the high back, and so does my son as he likes to "lounge" as he uses it.
my son is a big kid (tall, 28 lb, one year old with chubby legs) and this potty fits him perfectly.
he does not mind sitting on it at all so it must be comfortable to him.
if you have a boy and get this system, you'll learn what i mean.
i read many reviews on this one and i took any reported problems that parents had (of both boys and girls) into consideration.
my daughter is petite and i'm surprised that she's still kind of tall for this.
our son loves this potty.
it was delivered quickly, it washes easily, and it is simply wonderful.
highly recommend.
my 18 month old son enjoys sitting on his &#34;potty&#34;.
it seems very comfortable for him, and it is easy to clean.
overall this is a nice little training potty.
simple design, high back for comfort and easy to clean.
my son seems to like it just fine but i wish it had a taller splash guard.
he fits on this potty just fine but he always tinkles over the splash guard so i have to aim his weewee down for him.
this fits newborns great so if you are starting early, this is the potty to use.
a great tool for parents and kids!
delivered timely, item as described, very nice and well made just as pictured, we are very happy.
my son doesn't mind using it, it is incredibly easy to wash, get one!
this is a great potty.
he loves it and stays put there.
perfect size for toddler2 parts so no complicated set up (the bowl & seat)no small nooks or crannies that can build up molddurable plasticportableeasy clean upconcan potentially slide easily along floorcan also potentially be flipped over by toddler if not careful
great size, washes well, like the red color.
it is sturdy and doesn't look like it will slide on the floor or accidentally tip over.
it is a good size for a toddler and comes in lots of great colors.
my only complaint is that the inner bowl, while very easy and quick to remove and clean, can be a blessing and a curse: when my daughter sits on it for any length of time, it sticks to her skin, and has almost spilled when she stands up too fast.
other than that, it is great!
i bought this because of the excellent reviews, so i felt it necessary to add my review that is not as positive.my son is 3'3" & 30 pounds.
it's not great to start potty training with a painful experience.
it cleans easily and my son finds it comfortable.
i bought it for my sixteen-month-old daughter.
we took this right into the bathroom, so she could see.
she hasn't said any of those words yet.
the bowl doesn't have anything to lock it into place, so be sure to teach your child not to play with it from the very beginning.
it would also be nice if there was a way of locking the bowl into the base so that curious children don't try to take the bowl out.
it doesn't slide around on the floor and she seems to be comfortable while using it.
the seat is comfortable for her height and fits her bottom and legs very well.
i bought it for my 10-month old son who is extremely active.
he can stand up carefully from it - no stumbles since then.
the back part is very comfortable i think, it lets ur baby lean back relax and concentrate on the important process :) also its very easy to clean, just take the white part out and wash it.
very good material, nice and sturdy.
smooth and rounded at all edges.
the design is simple enough to clean all the nooks and crannies and yet perfect for use.
definitely deserves an award for design!
this potty is higher than a lot of the competitor's brands but it works for us because it's exactly what we needed for our daughter!
my daughter has loved her potty.
i am so glad we have our babybjorn to help us ec.
this was great for potty training and then great for teaching my son to go potty on his own.
the size is perfect for our bathroom (which has about 4x4' of walking floor space), and the shape is great.
it has a nice &#34;splash guard&#34; on the front, so i'm not worried about the little man peeing over the top.
he has yet to use it successfully, but he has been interested in it since the day it arrived!
training techniques aside, it's a solid little training seat.
it has a high back and armrests, making it comfortable for my daughter to sit.
this is working great for us.
a few times and does not feel uncomfortable sitting here.
we love this potty!!
we're doing elimination communication (&#34;ec&#34;) with our daughter so we started &#34;pottying&#34; her almost as soon as she was born.
we still needed to closely supervise, as she would sometimes lean forward and, once, she took a dive and ended up bruising her forehead on the bathroom floor.
she still needs close supervision though, as she likes to try and stand up out of the seat.i also love that the insert is easily removable.
every now and again we'll let it soak in warm soapy water, but if it's washed right away after use, it stays quite clean.all in all, this is a great potty and we're very happy with our purchase.
thanks baby bjorn!
this was the second potty we bought for our son, who is almost 3.
i had a lot of hope that, with all the excellent reviews, we'd find success with this one.
i'd love to find one of the old-fashioned potties with the high cupped splash guard - but that's nearly impossible.
easy to clean, good fit, the best we found.
my son and i love this potty.
he loves that he can be independent & his potty makes him feel that.
i have no complaints at all.
the splash guard is great and makes it easy to lift out while still keeping your hands clean.
the potty part is also deep enough to hold anything in it if your child decides to bring you the potty to show you their work :)great little potty!
we got this to help us with elimination communication on our 6 week old.
now she is 9 weeks and on good days we are happily catching most of her potty needs.
right now we keep the potty on our bathroom counter facing the mirror and some lotion bottles, she's loves looking at herself and reaching for the bottles while going.
i love this potty seat.
this was the best thing i could have bought for all of our potty training kids.
but actually it is perfect.
perfect for girls potty training and for little boys.
we bought all different types.
i actually researched many of these potty chairs right here on amazon and the babybjorn had the best reviews and comments, so i managed to convince my husband that we should at least try it.
best decision ever.
my son's potty training excellerated.
this is a great potty.
our daughter uses this every morning as part of early potty training.
she seems very comfortable sitting on it, i think because of its high back and the little bump in front that kind of keeps her in the right position.
the size is perfect for our small bathroom, and our 19 month old sits comfortably on it.
i am sure that it would be comfortable for most children who are potty training as well.
i wish i had bought one that was also a stepstool.
our bathroom is small, so now i have to store both.
thanks to amazon's 90 day return policy, we bought 4 different potties for our boy to try.
the raised back is very nice additionfunction - the most important aspect.
avoid the "talking" potties and create your own reward system (m&m;'s work great or there are a ton of potty training apps for phones and tablets).
my son was refusing to use that to potty train, and we decided to try this one instead.
he will even wait to pee when we are out so he can use his &#34;small potty&#34; at home instead of public toilets.we like it because he uses it, it is easy to clean with the white part coming right out of the chair, and the splash guard is great for the boys.
i posted side-by-side photo of both of the potties for comparison purposes.
my son is a 2 year old and he's rather tall for his age but height has nothing to do with the front piece.
however, it is easy to clean because the bowl just pulls out easily.
the high pee-guard means no need to supervise when my son is using it.
what a great potty.
my 18 month old son loves it.
he is just starting out with his potty training.
great potty!
this has made training so much fun for him.
the gaurd on this is higher than most which is also great for boys to prevent spraying everywhere.
no potty beats this one for clean up.
the sturdy non skid big piece stays on the ground as you clean the bowl, or hold it up for a boy working on his stand-up pee.
still in the potty training process, but this is a great starter tool.
but it's beauty is its simplicity.
i would highly recommed the potty training book "potty training in less than a day".
this is great, partly because it's low-profile and doesn't take up much space, and also (best of all) because it's so easy to clean!
for boys, the pee guard lip works pretty well.
we have one for our downstairs bathroom and the kids bathroom as well as at the grandparent's house.
our 2 year old was easily toilet trained on this and love it.
my son is approaching 3 and can now help with that.
we love that this seat makes it comfortable for our little boy compared with the wider conversion style potty chairs (the ones that turn into step stools) because the back is higher and it has arm rests.
the no skid rubber bottom is an excellent feature!
she definitely knows what it is.
every time we go in the bathroom.
however, she stays clear of it.
i think the hollow seat and restrictive sides may be traumatizing to her.
now that i know all of this, i also see the benefits of a potty seat from a clean up perspective.
this was for my first child, now 3 and we bought this over a year ago.
he is fully potty trained now and still uses this seat and i think he'll be using it for a while to come.
it cleans and disinfects very easily and still looks brand new.
he's very comfortable in it and its a very very good fit.
it was a year ago, and it still is.
for the novice parent of boys, it doesn't matter how high they make the splash guard, boys need to point it down.
that took some learning on my part.
the color is cute.
i started out my son with elimination communication (ec aka early start potty training, of which amazon carries great books by 3 different offers on the subject) when he was 6 wks old.
my son actually uses it.
it has a removable splash gaurd.
our boy pees standing up anyhow - just like papa!
and the potty seat removes so you can put it on your toiletseat for easing toddlers nerves when moving onto to toilet training.
not as simple-looking as the baby bjorn but a much better potty in many many ways.
sturdy, serves the purpose, plus it is stylish in design.
i have two different pottys.
this is my granddaughters favorite.
our son just turned two and we have begun introducing him to his own potty.
this one is easy to clean...must be pretty comfortable because my kid will sit on it and read in the bathroom...it is the perfect height...and has a nice seat back....best part, it doesn't tip over (yet at least).
i keep this potty as a spare in our master bath (we have other potty seats by bjorn).
my son loves this potty, and so do i.
the simple design makes it easy to clean and use.
i love how sturdy their designs are.
it is at least very sturdy.
the back rest really helps the baby.
my daughter loves this potty.
she is 17 months and we are just starting to introduce her to the potty.
it is sturdy and bright.
it works great.
:)
my daughter loves this potty.
this one is perfect.
we are so happy we bought it.
she had loved this potty since day 1 and she likes the little bear logo on the front.
the seat is the perfect size for toddlers, contoured to be comfortable, and designed to be easy to clean.
the raised front of the white part serves as both a pommel/hand rest and a splash guard.
the white bowl is deep enough to prevent most splashes.
perfect potty training chair.
i saw that some people commented that it was small, which is what i was actually looking for, and it works great for us.
the baby wipes container is perfect.
they are absorbent and comfortable to use.
i first bought 1 package and then went back for more.
um, no way.
absolutely!
these are easily washed and inexpensive... admittedly not as pretty, but most mothers get over "pretty" real quick when real life sets in and baby becomes messy all of the time!
they are large -  27"x 27" square and are essential for baby care.
i still use them every day and my son is almost a year old.
they work great as burp cloths, and are superb for wiping up other food messes.
additionally, i found they work as a light blanket during the summer months.
extremely durable, fold-up rather small for travel, and launder well.
101 uses, i love them!
love these!
these are great.
they are so absorbent, so effective, so economical, and so handy.
i keep a tall stack on my coffee table, and i'm always ready for errant bodily fluids.i also occasionally use these to wipe up all manner of spills.
they're extremely effective at drying dishes and wiping down counter tops.
in a pinch, they make great handkerchiefs for my runny nose when i'm out for a walk with the stroller.
i also fold them and put them in my baby's (all-in-one-cloth) diaper if i want to give it a bit more absorbing power.
plus, the fabric is really scratchy.
i don't use them.
love that these are cotton - texture is great and they are actually much softer than they look.
i bought them as "temporary burp cloths" while deciding on some others.
i think these would also be great for household cleaning as well (i'd use separate ones for those).
these also make a great light-weight, breathable blanket for blocking the sun - we live in texas, so this is a huge plus!
i had used gerber flatfolds and prefolds on my first two children back in 2000 and 2002.
i couldn't even use them as a changing, shoulder or lap pad in a pinch.
when my baby was really little, i used them on the changing pad to keep from having to change the changing pad cover constantly.
these are much easier to change and wash than those covers.
these are also the best burp cloths.
i really cannot over-talk how wonderfully soft they are.
those flats are visibly thicker.
they are very rectangular after prepping, and pretty small.their small size makes them perfect newborn diapers, though.
they are very easy to wash and could potentially be bleached.
i have 2 packages of them and i use them every day.
i have cute ones that i might use outside of the house, but these are definitely my first choice.my auntie recommended them to me and i am very thankful for that!
these bottles are great!
i hear they're great slow flow nipples however i'd be happy with just the bottles in this set.
its great because its compatible for the medela pump but my baby isnt that fond of the nipples.
they are very durable & dishwasher safe.
each bottle is the perfect amount for 1-2 feedings for my 6-week old baby.
instead we pour the milk into a playtex drop-ins system bottle with the big slow-flow nipple.
i just use the bottle occasionally so this item works great for me.
the nipples are a fast flow so the first time i fed my baby, the milk flow was too fast.
working full-time and pumping at work and at home.
needed the extra set.
it was highly recommended by the hospital, so i bought two sets of these bottles before my baby was born.
she only needed a small amount of coaxing to take those.
this is a must have for working moms who have the medela pumps.
the extra bottles come in handy for transporting milk to daycare and for expressing milk on the job.
the bottle quality isn't great for the price.
if you use regular bottles, the evenflo set is 1/3 of the price and fits right in.
or you can buy evenflo bottles without the nipples for $4.99 to pour into other brands of bottles.
these bottles are useful for storing milk....they are sturdy and fit in bottle warmers nicely.
i bought the medela system when i was pregnant b/c i wanted what was best for my baby...and i was led to believe that medela nipples would be most like the breast.
milk seems to pour out our newborns mouth (3 mos now).
if you love these bottles, you've love the milkmate ones as well.hope this helps and saves you money!
the 5oz capacity is much better than the tiny 2oz ones.
fast shipping.
but these bottles work wonderfully with formula!my daughter retains much less air with the medela nipples and she seems to prefer the shape as well.
i went online and got other medela nipples, those she likes.
these are great to put under a pack-n-play, or on top of a changing table.
it is a bit wide for my cradle, so i just tuck in the sides.
it is wide for the portable changing pad, but still works good!
i must admit that after washing, these pads did pill but this did not deteriorate their effectiveness.
both work just as well but one is more confortable on the go.
i love these pads!
i ended using it in my diaper bag since the changing places in public restrooms don't always appear clean.
it fits so much better in my diaper bag than a bulky changing pad and my daughter likes better since not cold.
i bought more of these and left one in her cosleeper for leaks and as a changing pad at night so no trips to nursery.
another was placed downstairs with wipes and diapers in a basket for quick changes on the couch and everyone loved using them.great price and you will get your moneys worth out of them.
just the right size to shield mattress from excess breastmilk!
i have 2 packs in different sizes.
it is a little to big, but i managed to make it work.
i recommend the large quilted multi-use pad in addition to the mattress pad.
i use john lennon receiving blankets (6 is a good number) with the quilted multi-use pad underneath to be prepared for spills and smudges on my contoured changing pad.
go figure.also, unlike their cousin the 'quilted crib mattress pad' it doesn't pill up enough to care.
we have them in different sizes for the crib, bassinett, playard, and just extra changing pads for middle of the night changes and carry around pad.
they absorb great and wash with no problems.
very affordable and worth every penny.
i highly recommend to every parent.
i washed it and the pad washed great.
i have this in the crib as a mattress pad, i put it on the changing table over the cover for an extra barrier.
i use the smaller ones when traveling to lay down to change my child in public areas (those koala tables)  they are durable and easy to clean.
i bought two of these and i just love them.
they do the trick of catching spit-up, vomit, and leaking diaper problems.
however, as a regular changing pad, it spends more time in the bleach bucket than in the nursery!
love them!
great item to have!
i use this pad on top of my son's mattress as well as the smaller sizes for his playard bassinet and the changing table.
they may not be the softest on the market but they work very well.
my daughter has started resisting being changed on her changing table, so i use these pads to change her on differnt floors in our house.
they worked wonderfully.
of all of my baby purchases, these have been used the most!
since my baby is only 6 weeks old, i keep him in the bedroom with me at night.
they are super absorbent, very easy to clean and a perfect size for many different things.
i also have two at grandma's for changing and laying on the bed.
these pads are soft and absorbent - just the right size to put on a cradle.
the smaller size is perfect for laying on top of a changing table.
good value and worth having a couple of different sizes on hand.
these pads are very absorbent and certainly serve the purpose, but they don't look very good after you wash them.
i used to use them on top of the changing pad, but my baby is only 2 months old and they already look quite old.
i love my pad, i use it under my bassinet sheet.
i also have the mattress pad made by this company as well.
this pad is perfect for our playard.
great investment for your babies saftey, babies confort, your sanity (when trying to wash the playard matress), and what makes this even better is the price!!!!
these pads are wonderful!!
now that she has moved into a "big girl bed" at 2 i also use them under her sheet to protect her mattress for those occasional nights when she wets through her diaper.
they are great and have held up wonderfully wash after wash.
very affordable and very versatile.
we've tried a lot of different sipper cups, but these are our absolute favorites!
my kids are 6 1/2 years apart and i used these sippy cups for my oldest.
my son loves these.
i highly recommend these cups.
i'm a huge fan of playtex sippies.
they last us for years.
we have several different kinds of sippy cups, but these are the most dependable and the easiest.
definitely a favorite in our household.
so if your baby is fine with a faster flow... go for it!
my child at a year old can sip out of them but a lot does come out.
i love that this cup will fit in most cup holders.
you can use them as regular drinking cups for older kids.
the difference was astounding.
the cup is easy to clean (its only 3 pieces as opposed to the 5 or 6(w/handles) pieces for the avent cup), assemble and use.
i have two kids ages 4.5 and 2.5 and have used several different brands of sippy cups and these are by far the best.
i think these are great to use as soon as you stop using bottles.
great choice.
highly recommended.
i have a 3 1/2 year old and a 1 1/2 year old and have had my fare share of sippy cups to use clean sometimes throw many away.
i use to think that using the soft sippy cups  was a great transition from bottles..not!!
these are the best they are easy to clean they dont leak everywhere and they hold the perfect amount of liquid.
cups work fine though.
i love the colors.
if you are using avent bottles, these storage containers are a must.
very convenient and versatile (use as bottles, sippy cups, storing breastmilk, babyfood), easy to clean.
nice size to take to work or anywhere.
unlike some of the reviews i read, i have experienced no leaking thusfar.
i love these breastmilk storage containers.
they are great.
perfect size for my baby who still only drinks about 3-4 ounces per sitting.
i will definitely continue to use these after she outgrows them for milk as baby food containers.
they are great.
i express into these containers--freeze them--thaw them out--replace the sealing disc with the nipple--warm it up.
perfect.
i love these containers for this use.
love this containers.
love them
these are great.
they don't leak and are nice and sturdy.
the tops come off and nipple tops can be directly attached.
great for storage of baby food later on as well.
tops can be used with 9ounce bottles as well.
we have purchased 3 inflatable snug-tubs from kelgar.
the infant size tub was fine, and still works okay after 2 years.
however, the slightly larger toddler size tub has a slow leak.
!the second one arrived with a slow leak in the same place as the previous toddler size snug-tub.
o, by the way, i haven't reinflated it once since i bought it (about 2 months ago or so)- yes, some of the air escaped, as with all inflatables, but it's still sturdy enough.
i find it very versatile.
not with this one though.
this inflatable tub was perfect!
time to buy a new tub.
ah well.
this one works great.
like the dain plug and the suction cup to keep it from sliding in the tub.
this works great!
i love how much safer it is and its big enough for her to use for a couple of years.
my son was way to big for the baby tub.
but at nine months to small for the real thing.
this works great.
this is perfect for my 15 month baby whose 32 inches long, 26 lbs., it's well made and not slippery at all, easy to clean and the suction cup hold the tub really well.
great purchase.
my baby had outgrown our hard plastic tub and was uncomfortable in it.
my son loves this tub.
working perfectly so far!!
i fill a large plastic bowl with water and dump it into the tub to fill the tub.other than these issues, the tub is ok.
the size is good and it does the job.
we really liked the size of this tub.
our 1 yr old has room in it and can use it for some time.
so the tub works, but you can only put it in one place in the front.
other than that, it is inexpensive and keeps our son contained and safe.
baby could sit up with confidence, i switched him to this tub.
i purchased this tub in june 2011 and in january 2012 the seams started to fail.
my daughter is 16 months now and she still loves the tub.
our tub is very slippery.
i really think it is a good transition to the tub.
it is not real deep and she has lots of room but it still makes her feel safe and secure.
this tub is perfect for my 15 mo old girl, and we use it as our everyday tub and also take it when we travel.
i liked being able to use the tub in the middle of the big tub so my baby was never in close proximity to the faucet or water controls.
and on the rare occasion when my baby accidentally bumps her bead on the side, well, it's all soft and bouncy so she never hurt herself.
so i needed something fast that could act as a transition tub.
this fit the bill.
i am not sure why people have complained about it being slipper - my son stands up just fan when i have to wash his bottom.
it's a great tub if you get one that holds air.
when my daughter outgrew her infant tub, we went through a few different devices to try to give her a safe bath.
this snug tub has worked wonderfully.
it's very safe and fits snugly in our shower.
this tub is the perfect solution.
my baby loves it.
great fit , cute , safe for baby but deflated so fast.
the bottom part under the baby's butt blows up separately than the sides, which is nice because my 6 month old was unstable sitting on the blown up bottom at first.
i think that's more an issue with my very active daughter than the tub though :)
pre-cursory note: we are fortunate to have a very happy baby and i mean happy- always smiling, giggling - ust happy!
no way, jose on this one!
so we deflated it and don't use it.
she is in the regular "big girl" tub now and is perfectly happy.
crisis averted, everyone is happy.
fits just fine in our american standard regular tub.
little man sometimes pulls the drain plug, so make sure that it is pushed all the way down.
the tub is slightly wedge shaped, to help "lock it in" to your tub.
this tub is great, i even use it at home.
i started using this tub when my son was 6 months, he is now 9 months old.
this is a nice, big tub, but the bottom never held air.
also, splashing got to be a bit messy on the counter top.
she likes to either lean back or sit in the middle and play.
it has wide sides, is tall and long.
i purchased this item and read the previous reviews.
so i bought the green spouts bathmat to put in the tub so my daughter does not slip and slide everywhere.
felt wasteful, after that we decided to bathe our daughter in a rubbermaid bin instead.
the dex pillow is great.
i have been using it for about 3 weeks now and i am 21 weeks along.
the pillow is not overly big and fits nicely under the belly.
this pillow is easy to change sides with.
i ended up buying a 12&#34; 7.5&#34; tall wedge with memory foam that is a lifesaver!
my wife needed full upper body elevation and a pillow 1/4 the size of her back (and only 4" tall) isn't going to help.
omg this was the best thing i ever bought while pregnant, i used it for holding up my stomach while sleeping on my side it was invaluable.
by my 5th month i my would wake up with my hips aching.
works great.
a lot more sturdy than i thought.
a great little size that does the job.
it's very firm so not super comfortable but i still use it.
so tiny and hard as a rock.
makes me more uncomfortable.
i didn't like the huge pregnancy pillows that take most of your bed and force your husband to sleep on the couch!
so, these were perfect!!
easily adjustable and secure.
right now, i am letting a friend borrow it for her back at work since she is in her third trimester.
sometimes it is under her belly.
sometimes it is wedged into her back.
it makes an outstanding ramp to launch hot wheel cars!
and when i'm done using it for that, it will make a perfect knee-separator pillow.
it was very uncomfortable.
i bought it in my 21 week.
however, it doesn't have to do with crash testing issues.
it works well for these items.
we use this headrest for their bouncy seats only.
this headrest is perfect.
now that she is bigger we use it without the insert and she's still happy.
at 4 months she has wonderful head control, but i wouldn't put her in her carseat without this.
i returned the headrest that i received at my baby shower.
also, if baby spits up on 1, then you have another to use while you are washing the first one.
keep in mind that she puts anything & everything in her mouth, will eat any food i try to feed her & is currently teething.
it seems like a great idea for that short transition period between mush & solids.
this item seems like a good idea, but after purchasing two i feel that we've fallen victim to "new parent baby marketing".
you will need to not only run it through the dishwasher but also give it a thorough once over.
this is great.
we started our boy on strawberries with this, as well as bananas (frozen) and frozen little cubes of baby food for him when he was teething.
this is a brilliant idea.
no worries about him choking as he began to navigate food.
this is great!
i was able to give my child many different types of foods and not worry about him choking.
he loved that he could hold it himself and eat.
this is my standard baby shower gift now and have recieved many thanks for it.
wonderful.
my baby loved this, even though he won't use a single of the many teethers we've tried.
we use with frozen apples, even ice cube pieces.
worth the price, as it works
what a great way to introduce baby to fresh fruit &amp; veggies.
no choking!
look for them out there--our bru had them recently.
then throw them away as the bags age, tear or stain.alex has used ours since 4 months of age and our original bags plus newer replacements are still going strong at 10 months, with repeated dishwasher-ing.
my son loves it.
i wish i found it before because this baby safe feeder is a little outrageous in price for this kind of item.
i received this as a shower gift from my sister-in-law.
this is the best little baby gadget yet.
the first time i saw it i thought, "what will they think of next..." but now that my 2 year old and nearly 1 year old are putting everything in their mouths this is an indispensable part of our home.
i bought this when my daughter was 6 months old to help her learn to chew.
we started using this feeder when my son was just 3 months old.
he loved the flavor of melon, but we were uncomfortable with letting him bite on a piece of melon for fear he might choke.
we even put lightly frozen grapes in it when my son was teething.
i will admit that it can be messy to use this feeder, but it was totally worth it to us to give our son a chance to learn to love fresh fruits.
this was absolutely fabulous for my family.
now there is!after having a small choking incident, which i was able to react quickly to, i bought this to relieve some of my fears.
with the baby safe feeder, your child knaws or sucks on the mesh and the food is dispensed in small quantities that are safe to be swalled by little mouths.i loved this item even more when teething time came around.
i bought this to help with teething and help my baby explore new food without choking.
it is easy to clean and she likes it overall.
it works great!
i love this idea and  so does my son.
of course supervision is still required but makes you feel safer knowing the baby is eating healthy food and staying safe from choking.
it was okay while it lasted but then the mesh started unraveling at the seams.
my daughter is 11 months and has been teething almost none stop since 3 months...currently she is cutting her first molars and this helps for her to suck on it and get the cold water back farther than a teething ring would.
using twisties to seal the bags is cumbersome and annoying.i prefer the lansinoh bags with the double seal.
i registered for and received these medela bags.
the lansinoh bag is strong as well, easy to close (double zip-lock vs. medela's bothersome twisty ties), easy to get the air out (unlike medela's), and the lansinoh's take-up way less room in the freezer!
also the twist ties are terrible.
i really didn't like using them with the twist ties.
my favorite is lansinoh.
the twist tie closure system is cumbersome.
the bags are small.
i found these bags to be okay but why spend time fooling around with twist ties when they make storage bags with those simple ziplocks?
love em!!!
after using both these bags and the gerber bags, i prefer the zipper-style closure of the gerber bags.
they are sturdy and hold up well when being reheated.
you can never tie them tight enough and spills are frequent.
the gerber bags with the zip lock design are much more economical and are leak proof.
returning to work and continuing to nurse your baby is hard enough without the hassle of these bags.
i bought two extra bases for my infant car seat for both my husband's and my mother's car.
my center seat has just the lap belt and it was easy to secure the base.
it is easy to use, it makes the seat secure, and it is sturdy.
it doesn't move at all.
they are great for around-the-house everyday use.
this is a great item you cannot do without!
we had no problems installing it in our isuzu rodeo or honda civic.
i wouldn't install a baby seat without this.
very simple to operate, but it takes some getting used to with certain seatbelts.
solid as a house, and putting the &quot;extra tail&quot; into it keeps it from loosening.plus side: man, is this thing tough.
doesn't always work on the first try.
still, one would hope it will not!
don't buy this.
i loved it.
even though the mighty-tite makes the seat belt tight so that the car seat itself won't slide around, his car seat still fell over & that is what shielded his body & face from the glass.
my son is now in a booster seat & we don't use the mighty-tite anymore, but i am pregnant with my 2nd child, i am definately going to use this product again with this baby.
i bought this sheet because i believed everything should be &quot;form fitting&quot; if my son was to be in it - to prevent possible suffocation, choking....this sheet was so rough i could not lay my baby on it.
and we love them and will buy more when baby #2 comes!
i bought one just to try to keep the pad a little bit more comfortable, but it is so thin.
i bought this item (in a different color) two years ago for my son.it is not waterproof- but what sheet is?!
we have a baby trend playyard, and these sheets fit perfectly.
also, they're not the softest sheet in the world, but that does make them a bit more durable.
i have a kolcraft and it fits perfect.
it stays on ok though.
i bought this sheet for my baby trend playyard.
i do, however, put a bassinett pad (one of the big lap pads) under the sheet to help with keeping the &quot;mattress&quot; dry.
?also, keep in mind your wash loads.
there were three colors available at the store (dark blue, light blue, white).
most comfortable of any that i tried.
was only available in a dark blue.
elasticized, available in a variety of colors (pink, white, blue, green, etc) and one of the cheaper ones out there at $6.99overall, i was very pleased with the options out there.
it fits our model perfectly and has withstood many washings well.
the pad wipes down well and if i'm going to have my daughter in there for a long time i use a waterproof pad under her.
plus, a lot cheaper!
i love these.
they wash in the washing machine, and dry in the dryer.
ones in the wash, and ones on the pack and play.
to add comfort i have a waterproof pad under it which i think is a must in playards anyways because it is not easy to clean the matress pad they come with.i have had no problems with bleeding, and i wash it very often and it has held up fine.
the lansinoh disposable nursing pads are much more discrete and comfortable than these.
i started to iron the first one, and my iron began sticking to the pad.
i peeled it off the iron, and there, in a perfect circle, were little melted remnant marks from the thread.
i hope my research helps you make the best choice for your needs.so far, each brand's strengths were as follows:>kushies (3star)absorbed moisture immediately so they were the best inner doublers,>la leche league (3star)appearance was best for use in b/c nursing bras,>medela (2star) was easy to find in stores and absorption improved with time,>nuangel (4star)was very affordable.
cotton/ bamboo...?kushies:single layer/light use 4 starinner doubler 5 starouter doubler 1 starheavy night solo 1 starrate of absorption 5 star (immediately absorbs 3ml during 2 secs dispersed).shirt test - back of pad damp in 10 minutes (3ml), shirt not visibly damp, but slightly damp to touchappearance 2.5 star (deep dart gives nipple effect on c cup(2), becomes less visible with time(3))best speed of absorption and inner doubler.
still fresh white color after 2 months use.
variable speed of absorption.
excellent outer doubler.
95% cotton/5% polyester, outer shell 100% cotton, seamless deep contour, 4 pads/pk.medela-baby shower gift:single layer/light 3 starinner doubler 3 starouter doubler 2 starheavy night solo 1 starrate of absorption 2 star: (3ml in 23 sec), 3ml within 5-10 seconds after couple months of useshirt test - back of pad damp in 20 minutes, not visible on shirt (3ml)appearance 3 starabsorbed 3ml in 23sec, absorption improved thereafter following additional months of use.
white & patterns absorb more quickly than natural tone (3ml in 24sec), absorption improved thereafter following additional month of use.
probably best to use white alone or as inner doubler depending on anticipated flow, and natural tone as outer or alone if only slowly dripping.
may work especially well for smaller sizes like a or b.
100% cotton flannel, 4 layers (+ optional lace), 8 pads/pk (4 pair), no dart/seam, 4.5" shrinks to ~4" diameter, made in usa.definitions:fully absorbed.
hopefully a washable pad out there can improve on these statistics.
i'm still hopeful that the other 2/3 of these brands can provide a more efficient answer.
this review goes into more detail at "[..]
i have been through 4 brands of disposables and also have several pairs of these.
i think they are so much softer and more comfortable than the disposables.
i'm able to always have some on hand.
ultimately, nothing works better than the disposables, but these are the best reuseables i've purchased.
they are also great for comfort.
however, it feels as if the disposable absorbs the moisture better and in that regard is more comfortable as well.
they are also difficult to wash, getting balled up and don't dry well.
very comfortable and stay put pretty well.
not my favorite.
i bought these to help with leaks during engorgement after giving birth.
my nipples were raw, sore and a little bloody.
i found the smooth, cool lycra of my bras was better.
i bought these to use during the day at work and so far they've worked great.
i love them though and i still have an unopened box of disposable bra pads that i received as a gift and will probably not use.
they are very soft and much more comfortable than disposables.
i just throw them in washer and dryer and they still keep the original shape.
the stitching is rough and itchy.
i much prefer nuk reusable nursing pads.
it did make breastfeeding a little more comfortable.
better to borrow one from a friend.
i loved this so much, i bought two.
i had my baby by c-section so nursing was tricky at first.
i used the stool in the hospital and loved it, so bought one for home, and then two.
within a couple of weeks of breastfeeding, my back was shot.
this stool provided so much relief.
it also helps my husband, who has a bad back and chronic pain, sit more comfortably.
highly recommend.
love it!
however, i also found it useful while nursing on the couch or other armchairs (same benefits) and my husband loves to use it when he is getting baby dressed after a bath as it helps him keep his lap horizontal as well.
great bargain and money is well spent on a terrific and useful stool.
this stool is great!
i use it with a boppy pillow.
slightly slante but i guess we can still use it later as a step stool.
i also use it while pumping for comfort.
it gets your body in the right position and makes nursing so much more comfortable.
in my experience, anything to make those first few weeks easier - while you and your baby are learning to breast feed - is worth it!
it is sturdy and easy to assemble.
i use it in tandem with my boppy and love the results.
my two month old and i have had our trials and tribulations with breastfeeding, but this stool has eliminated all of our discomfort.
i've put a dish towel over it to make it more comfortable for me.
i don't use it all the time but it's very comfortable when i do.
i use it a lot more with our glider when i'm pumping or just rocking the baby.
i use this stool every night in the middle of the night while nursing and rocking our baby.
i love to use it when nursing my son upstairs.
the slanted top means your feet are positioned perfectly for holding a baby.
the nursing stool angles your lap up drawing baby closer to you, which allows you to have your back straighter instead of hunching towards the baby.
these are clear, and look and fit great on our crib.
you should definitely measure the width and thickness of the area you want to protect though.
our son figured out how to remove the other ones we had, but not these.
so far, our nice crib is saved, hopefully for baby #2.
in other words these are a must.
my daughter actually never did bite on the crib railings but my son does (3yrs later) and prefers chewing on the front bar best, of course.
they pull off very easily even though they were a perfect fit on the rail.
i'm going to order some cloth ones that can be safely tied on-not interested in a diy project when it comes to ties and cribs.
note, you will need 2 sets to cover both sets of rails.
thoroughly pleased and recommending to all my friends with teething babies.
they are perfect.
very pleased with these.
if you have an oeuf sparrow crib, these rail protectors are too small.
i bought this at babies r us.
what a pain.
i bought these crib rail protectors and my twin boys figured out how to remove them within a few days and they are under 9 months old.
i measured the ones i have and the inside of the plastic measures about 3/4 of an inch...and the outside of it is around an inch.
the plastic is fairly flexible.
i have the aspen 4-in-1 crib and it fits my rails just fine.
it is the very very top of the crib rail and not the entire crib rail.
i realized that there was a dc-10 power cord (bulky) on my power strip and wondered if this would be able to fit it.
i'm confident he will be unable to open this if he finds a cord and follows it back to the power.
if you have all 2-prong plugs then this will work perfectly.
works as intended at a good price.
i wanted to use it on an extention cords with items i often plug in and out.
it gives me peace of mind.
this power cord protector seems to be working fine so far.
it takes some minor concentration to line the pieces up.
this securely protects the surge strip plugs from little hands.
this does the job quite nicely, particularly for the price.
it isn't easy to unlatch, if you latch it well.
everyone with a power cord and a child should have this.
its simple and amazing!
while they do work, its hard to open and close, and it doesnt leave enough room for some of my larger plugs.
holds a power strip and plugs okay, but my toddler can still get her fingers down in the cracks where the cords come out and the crack between the front piece of plastic and the longer back piece.
i had to put one of these on my computer power strip as my son wanted to push the button with the light on it, this is great and i am very happy with my purchase, you cannot go wrong with buying this.
highly recommended.
our daughter figured out the on/off button on our power strip, so i ordered this the very next day and it's wonderful!!
it is easy to use, plesant on the eyes (it is white, not off white like the photo) and impossible for babies to open!
this is challenging to get open and closed for the adult in the equation.
but they are quite challenging to get to line up correctly and heaven forbid you need to get it back open.
covers perfectly and makes the power strip safe.
mine is dark color and newer looking with spots labeled "adapter" so you can plug in large plugs and not lose any outlet space.
otherwise it works well and holds a large power strip.
my 18mth old figured out how to open this in a matter of days.
this is a very useless item.
it doesn't protect children from sticking their fingers inside the cover.
a baby safety gate did the trick for us.
still trying to find the best solution for protection for 2 other strips in our home.
but will work for most plugs even some large ones.
two bc they do come out of the top by daughter can still grab and chew on them.
we have power strips of a couple different sizes in our house, and this fits over all of them.
i found it relatively easy to open and close.
i don't think my baby daughter will be able to open them herself, and she won't be able to reach her fingers in and shock herself.
this item is useless.
this is a great protector for over the power strips!
included with the package are several plug covers to put in unused outlets on the power strip.
i forgot about one of our power strips and i'm not hesitating to buy another one of these!
i bought this white cover (model 40896, upc 3676840896, code on label x0000dm4bb) andsafety 1st power strip coverto compare the two.
unlike that item, this cover is not expandable.
there are no holes for wall mounting, but four outlet covers, two plastic cable ties, and ten cord identifier stickers are provided.to open the 4" cover at the power strip cord end, you pull up on a single tab; this seems rather easy for a child to disengage, which means that he/she might have access to the outlet nearest the power strip cord end.
to open the main cover, you pry open three tabs, then open the unit like a clamshell.the plastic is softer but probably more resistant to breakage compared with the safety 1st model.
it is narrower and shorter than the safety 1st model by about 3/4" in either direction, which may prevent using wider strips or transformers more than about 1-1/2" high with it.buy this from amazon.com!
(btw, about the amazon photo, the interior is actually white, i don't know what produced that egg-yolk-yellow color inside.)
this seemed effective at stopping our 8-9 month old playing with the power strip, and certainly he cannot get his fingers into the live sockets with this cover.
i think this is a great outlet strip cover.
i almost wish i had this before i had kids because it conceals it so nicely and makes the strip look much more tidy.
these are great.
she cannot force them open, and cannot get to anything.
definitely recommended!
this item works great for us!
also, the opening at the top is huge!
it does a great job of hiding the strip and the plugs and i like that you can open the part of the on/off switch separate from the section where the plugs are.
i like it because it keeps my son from playing with the surge protector.
my son is now 2 1/2 yrs.
i am so suprised by how sturdy this is!!!
even being used this changing table is great.
but this changing table is definitely worth the moderate price.
we bought this for about 70 bucks and got 4 sage lined wicker baskets to fit within it for organization.
great table, that does the trick.
i have attached a crib mobile to this table to keep katie happy during diaper time.
this changing table looks good in her room, i also bought the jenny lind crib.
for my fourth baby i bought all new nursery furniture.
it has tons of storage, was easy to put together and is solid.
i have also loved the matching crib and dresser!
the only complaint i would have is that the changing pad is yellowing in strange spots (nothing to do with where it is used most).
we purchased this table to go with the white jenny lind crib we bought.
table was very easy to put together and is extremly sturdy.
having two children i couldn't possibly see the point in spending $150 or more for a changing table that you can really only use for the first year depending on the size of your child.
i was hesitant to register for these covers because of some of the negative reviews i read...however, my son is now 3 months old and we love the covers that we use!
some common complaints i have read mention shrinking, poor fabric quality, and staining easily; our experience has been quite different:-shrinking is minimal (i generally wash in hot water because i'm getting poopy out, too)-any shrinking that does occur does not prevent the cover from fitting, only makes it more snug (which i like)-stains come out very easily with dreft stain remover or shout (neither alters the cover coloring either)-of my four covers, two have loose threads from excessive washing (still in great shape-i consider the fabric quality excellent, especially considering the amount of washings these go through in the first few weeks!
they definitely make the changing pad a more comfortable surface for our baby- he loves just hanging out on them.
we leave a lap pad on the cover which is the first line of defense against accidents during changes.
they do, however, continue to fit well on the pad.
the colors also faded slightly with washings.
the wendy bellisimo changing pad covers are only $2 more and much better quality fabric.
carter's also makes lap pads that are great for use over the changing pad.
just use a pillowcase & it works just as well...
we recently bought this pad for our changing table in the blue color.
however, our son isn't extremely squirmy so we don't use the straps anyways.
they've never ripped for us and they get warm quicker (breastmilk) than typical plastic bottles.
it is easier cleanup using the drop-ins and thus worth the slight extra cost for us.
baby (4 months) is not gassy at all.
but to be honest i didn't try any other type of a bottle since this one works so well.
i love these bottles and liners!
these are great.
the baby had no issues with the liner/bottle system.
works great, met all expectations.
love these liners have been using for many years with all my kids .
walmart ones are not as soft, but do the same thing still
i didn't want bottles with a ton of moving parts that needed to be washed carefully.
using these allows at least part of the bottle to be clean every time, so you only have to worry about cleaning the nipple (and the bottle base, but that doesn't usually get very dirty at all).
i bought the playtex drop-in system to try to reduce the amount (frequency and quantity) that my baby spits up.
they are awesome.
i rinsed tons of nipples and washed them all at once later on the day.
the water level/volumn is different.
they're easy and effective.
i don't have to wash a million bottles anymore!
because the bag is thin, it also takes a lot less time to warm bottles if that is a consideration.
i only have 4 bottles per baby, replace the liner and nipple when necessary, and wash everything once a day.
is reduced.
regardless, this has my stamp of approval and i would recommend this for new parents.
i love the drop-ins system.
i used them for my first daughter when i went back to work and my family who watched her loved the convenience of them.
i am using them again for my dcp for my second daughter.
there is also a system you can buy to pump directly into the bottles.
i love these liners.
!, breastmilk everywhere.
my only complaints are: 1.
2.
the plastic drop in bottles work perfectly well.
and you can see them colapse like they should
love this system and these drop-in liners work great!
air will flow through the nipple.
and, the way the nipple is, for my daughter, seems to be the most natural and closest to breastfeeding.
i highly recommend.
we've been using these and absolutely love them!
can easily remove all air to improve gassiness and colic in little one.
if your fingers are not long enough, we sometimes use the handles of some of our kitchen serving utensils to aid in removing the air.
makes for easy packing and cleaning.
love them.
these are essential for our out of town trips.
the point of the collapsible liner is to not let more air in as your baby eats, and it does a fantastic job.
if you would rather not buy replacement liners, playtex ventaire takes the same nipples and does the same job with a vent at the bottom, keeping a seal when the pressure of the milk is on it, and then allowing air in through the bottom to replace the milk as the baby eats.
these don't leak as long as the bottom ring is screwed on properly.
perfect and fast sterile use.
used them when his mother was a baby and still love them.
i love these bottles!
i breastfeed and my son takes these bottles so easily when i'm not around.
love love love them!
i love these drop-ins.
so easy to use!
no taking apart the bottle and washing several parts.... just quick and easy.
we order all of our baby stuff on autoship (including the liners) and the price is unbeatable.
classic brand, and will be great for faux formula for 'reborn' baby dolls (they are very popular, and for me, a better option than a real kid :d  (i'm middle-aged and disabled, but do love a cute baby !!).
perfect kid !
we chose to use the playtex nurser drop-ins system because of convenience and sanitation.
they're very easy to use and reduce my time doing dishes.
i love the drop in system bc although you have to buy liners, it's easy, sanitary and really helps reduce air intake.
i love my playtex drop-ins.
easy clean up, great price.
love them.
baby is breastfed.
shipped very fast!
i will use the playtex dropin system again with my next child.
i love the playtex drop in system - it might cost a little more but it's worth it for the ease of bottle prep and knowing that bottles are clean and sanitary every time!
these don't tear and warm easily in a cup of hot water.
i still love how convienent these are.
use with playtex storage system.
it is the best way to pump in place for use later.
both daughters use these with the storage kit.
o cleaning bottles.
very easy to use, combined with almost nothing to clean.
we used playtex drop-ins for both of our children.
these drop-ins are great quality.
kids don't get used to gulping down, and you have the best chance of continuing breast feeding.
the liners are easy to use.
means you can stay out all day with only 1 bottle.
great stuff.
this is my 3rd baby.
we used playtex bottles with liners for our first 2 kids and loved them!
i guess playtex decided to change their bottle sometime between our last baby and this baby.
make sure you measure the water for the formula separate.
i started the first month of motherhood washing and sterilizing bottles multiple times a day.
because the liners can accommodate 8-10oz of fluid, don't trust the measurements on this.
check out the images - you will see for yourself this amazing way to nurse your baby.
i tend to go back and forth between these and the store brands.
however, when i bought them on amazon this time they were at a descent price plus a $1 off coupon which made the purchase worth it.
worth the extra cost to continue to buy these.
these make bottle cleaning and heating near effortless.
used these throughout the bottle stage with our now 19-month old.
the playtex dropins are a quick and easy way for bottles.
the 100 count box is a good value as well.
these are great liners.
great for traveling with baby, but not that great for the environment.
these drop-in liners are great.
most people look at the drop-ins bottles and frown because you have to continually buy liners for them.
i love not having to wash the bottom part of my bottles.
but it beats washing bottles all day long.
i only use them because my baby like the latex nipples and not many other bottle brands have latex nipples anymore.
they are wonderful!
this may make a difference for some using formula in respect to measuring differently with the expansion.
these work great for the playtex bottles.
the playtex with drop-ins system works great.
you should use another system of measurement to figure out how much milk/water you want to pour in the nurser.
also, bpa free which is great!
i love this bottle system!
my whole family used these with their children so i decided to try them on my son and jeebus christ these are amazing.
works perfectly with the playtex drop in bottles.
i love this system and wish i had used it with my first child.
the only downfall to the liners that we found is measuring out the quantity is not accurate if the liner isn't fully expanded.
we measure in a different container and pour into the liner.
our other bottles are the good old fashioned evenflo glass bottles.
it lines the nursers perfectly.
liners are nice because all i have to wash are the bottle nipples!
i just wish that they were a little more solid around the top edges.
purchased these clippers to cut my baby's nails.
they work fine, but are basically just smaller versions of adult clippers, and don't have any safety features to keep you from cutting baby's skin.
i like to keep a few of these with me for changing in public places or changing an extra dirty diaper.
just the right size, and leakproof.
we bought a pack and just couldn't use it because it is so small.
these work great and have saved our changing pad from being stained!!!
they absorb pretty well--i admit that when my son decides to pee in the middle of a diaper change the sheet does get wet very fast, but 95% of the time it doesn't leak into my changing pad sheet.
love these.
very handy item to have available.
i use this warmer to warm both formula and breast milk.
the warmer is small, compact and comes with a 4oz avent storage bottle and a spoon for baby food.
however, if you don't stand there and keep an eye on it, you are liable to forget about it and the milk can overheat.
that insures that the bottles remain steady...and don't float.overall, i like the warmer.
the bottle warmer works as advertised.
just keep an eye on it.
my baby is an advent baby.
having to stand hawk eyed over a bottle warmer with a crying, hungry baby isn't fun...especially when it doesn't warm the first time around.
first, we read the directions and we follwed them.
sometimes at 4 min.
you may also want to purchase the avent sterilizer.
i received this as a gift and was surprised at how quickly this warms bottles.
the upside is that it does accommodate the wide neck bottles.
it's also an easy-to-clean item.
it's easy to use, easy to keep clean and has worked pefectly from the day we bought it.we love it.
it's nice that it's small and doesn't use a lot counterspace.
i wish it was more accurate on the settings.
bottle sometimes comes out still cold or too warm.
and actually, this is what my baby likes most.
the express bottle & babyfood warmer is a very obliging unit.
it can warm disposable, oversized, and odd shaped bottles, glass babyfood jars, and tin cans to name a few.
it's small in size, measuring 5" x 5" x 5 " high.
on the front of the unit is a dial control.
it has 3 settings, 1,2, and 3, 1 being the coolest.
it indicates the unit is "on" and working, and2.)
for those concerned about d&eacute;cor, the all white exterior is designed to blend in.
in addition, the express bottle & babyfood warmer is portable.
we traveled frequently when william was an infant, and this unit made a nifty travel companion.pros* accommodates all brands of bottles* heats fast and evenly* compact and lightweight* it's durable* heats bottle liners without melting the plastic* the basket can be removed to warm oversized bottles, i.e.
avent magic cup* grounded 3-prong conductorcons* overheats* no on/off switch* an internal thermostat and an external timer would greatly improve this productmy experience:right off the bat, i was heating 10 bottles of breastmilk a day, as i was unable to breastfeed.
the express bottle & babyfood warmer heats fast, evenly, and it's durable.
i know ~ "geek alert".
both were rare occasions.
i was extremely pleased with this warmer, but i also recognize its shortcomings.
it warms bottles fast, and evenly.2.)
it warms up the bottles quickly and that means alot at 3am with a screaming, hungry baby.
it causes the formula to overflow from the nipple.
before using to warm actual food or milk for my son i tested it out.
it does warm bottles quickly and the variable temperature is a great feature, but i, as well as everyone else i know who own one, have overflowed this model repeatedly.
model to have.
i think the [...].
the fill line is crucial in getting the bottle warm.
if you fill it correctly it will work.
it works fast too.
i highly recommend this bottle warmer.
my baby is not on solids so i can't say how it works on baby food.
it still works, after 3.5 years, as well as it did when i bought it.
this bottle warmer is ok.
i also purchase the first years night and day bottle warmer.
warm water in the microwave and stick the bottle in that...
this bottle warmer is definitly not a necessary item.
i like this a lot when i need to warm baby's bottles (i am not using avent bottles but it works fine).
i received this bottle warmer as a gift from a friend who has three children, two of which are twins.
so, i figured she knew what was good and what was not.
and she was right, this works well.
with the avent express bottle warmer is the easiest way to warm up your bottles with less trouble.
otherwise, its great!!!
( avent products are the best out there...)
it's a very practical item, it saves time and avoids forgetting milk/food being overcooked/boiled!is very easy to clean.is not heavy at all, you can carry it everywhere.
((side note: the sterilizer is a must have item!!
))it's nice to have a place to warm the bottle, and it does cut down on wasting water (vs the other method of a bowl of warm water).
it still has many flaws.now i love avent items but this one they dropped the ball on.
several reviews complain about features of this warmer, but i think it is wonderful.
i use avent bottles and gerber baby food jars in it with no problems.
it has three heat settings for how warm you want your bottle and a red light on the front shows when the bottle is warming.
even if it had auto shut-off, a bottle left in hot water will continue to heat and could be too warm to serve to your baby.
the basket inside is removeable and makes it easy to pull out 2.5 ounce baby food jars.
i am very happy with it.
well my husband said we needed most of the stuff i said we didnt.
yet i still wouldnt admit it to my husband :).
it cleans about 6 bottles and all of the things that come with them.
my kids love pacifires so those are constantly in there, and so are all those teething rings.
let me just tell you that you can not put a dirty item in here, you still have to wash it a bit.
this sterelizer is great, and it uses very little water (i have a purifier so i use pure water).
easy to use and most of all,its clean.
this one is easy.
other than that, this is perfect.
if you take out the racks you can fit a ton in it at once.
you don't have to watch over anything-go ahead and take care of your baby while this one does all the work for you.
i bought this sterilizer and i am so glad i did.
i can fit 6 avent bottle set-ups in the sterilizer and it works great.
it is quick and easy to use, not to mention it looks great on my countertop.
it doesn't take up a lot of space and it looks nice.
i love the avent bottle sterilizer.
it is very easy to wash and fits well on the kitchen counter.
it makes life much easier and gives you more time to spend with your baby.
it has a permanent place on my counter top.
i cant even count how many times i have used this in the past 6 months.
and it still works at good as the first time.
i would rather be spending time with my children than standing over the stove boiling my bottles and part.
this has made my life so easy!
this sterilizer is great!
it worked great!another plus:  the two racks with the tiny holes (not the one that the bottles rest on) can be snapped together to form a "basket" if you wanted to throw stuff into your dishwasher.
for now, this sterilizer is excellent!
definitely worth the money!
we're very pleased with it.
we also have the avent food warmer...another great buy!
this sterilizer is so easy to use.
i sterilize avent and medela products in it and i have been very happy with the effectiveness and ease of this sterilizer.
i used this everyday until my son was 6 months old, when we stopped sterilizing bottles.
its easy, safe, convenient, and fast.
despite the concerns about bpa we are using these bottles for our daughter, and using canned formula to supplement breastfeeding.
however, we still use the dishwasher, which is fairly hot.
i am keeping an eye on avent's statements:[...]we keep using them because they seem to be really excellent bottles and nipples, she feeds easily and doesn't get a whole lot of gas.
this is a great sterilizer.
it is so easy to use, fast, and holds lots of stuff.
i use it everyday.
it so easy to use and fast.
i don't use avent bottles - works fine with other bottles.
boy, am i glad that i got this at my shower.
for some reason, i never felt comfortable anyway just depending on it and put the bottles from the dishwasher into this sterilizer.
you can't always depend on one thing to do the job and since it's your baby's health involved here, take the extra step and make sure with this item.
this is a great sterilizer and is so easy to use.
i and my baby hated the bottles that come with it though.
this works great.
wash your bottles and put them in this sterilizer.
this makes it quick and easy to sterilize.
around the outside.
we use it daily.
this sterilizer is absolutely wonderful, especially if you take your baby on the road, i.e.
plus, unlike a bottle warmer appliance, there are no moving part or electrical components to wear out or break, so we expect we'll be using ours for years/babies to come.
this is such a great item and i can't say enough good things about it!
this is great for anyone with the avent bottles.
after a couple weeks of use she decided to get this sterilizer.
it is fast and simple to use and holds a lot of bottles as well as my breast pump accessories.
it fits all of her bottles and pacifiers in one process and it fits perfectly in my small kitchen when i am not using it.
you will get good use out of it.
love the convience and ease of use.
very convient and can do 6 bottles at a time or even baby spoons, forks & even bowls or cups your choice.
i am not a clean freak who sterilizes everything my son touches.
after a brief, and horrible stint with stovetop sterilizing, i began to use the dishwasher to clean my son&#65533;s bottles.
there is no way to confuse the stacking order: the base, the bottle rack, and the lid.
keep the manual handy, as the loading order for large bottles, differs from the 4-ounce size.3.)
in 4 or 5-minutes it&#65533;s done.
it&#65533;s hot!
plus, any steam that&#65533;s emitted can burn.
once the cooling time has passed, 2-minutes or so, remove the lid carefully.
if it&#65533;s top-drawer dishwasher safe, than it&#65533;s probably sterilizer safe.
some might complain about the price of the sterilizer, but considering two, 9-ounce bottles come with the unit, it may seem more reasonable knowing they retail for $4.00 a piece.
the sterilizer works great, simply, and fast!
the express steam sterilizer is really the easiest and most efficient way to go if you want to be assured that your baby's bottles are truly clean.
when i first started using bottles i would use the sterilizer between dishwasher uses.
it is quick, easy and effective.
it is very quick and completely uncomplicated.
the avent bottles fit perfectly.
i now use the dr. brown's bottles and just have to lay them on their sides.
i sterilized bottles and breast pumps the old fashioned way with my first child and in the begining w/ my 2nd child.
this is a very simple, fast, effective and economical way to get just about everything for baby sterilized.
this is the most wonderful item i have gotten.
since i express milk and freeze it, it is reassuring knowing that the storage containers are sterile.
i also love it because you never know if you are washing the bottles and pacifiers and such with warm enough water (i am a first time mom).
it is so easy to use and comes with extra bottles.
it can sterilize 5 small bottles & nipples 5 minutes at a time!!!
i am happy to say that neither of us has suffered from thrush or any infection.it's also wonderful for pacifiers and bottles.
i use the avent bottles which fit perfectly... but also have mendela bottles that fit wonderfully, too.i would highly recommend.
the wattage is simple to use, just look inside your microwave on the bottom with all the info and it tells you what wattage it is and them refer to the manual to see the time.
highly reccomended
we initially bought this sterilizer for use with our first child born in 2005.
i loved it then, but i'm even more impressed with some updated details in the version we just bought for our second child.
now, easy-to-use latches have made doing both completely hassle-free.
that the sterilizer comes with bottles is pure bonus.
i bought this sterilizer when i was using avent bottles and it worked great.
our microwave is 1200 watts, so using this sterilizer saved me a ton of time...bottles were done in 3 minutes!
it saves my skin from hand washing in scorching hot water  (but i still give things a quick rince in warm soapy water before tossing them in the sterilizer).
it is a lifesaver when pumping and bottle feeding.the only drawback is the space that it takes up - it is about 12 inches in diameter and 6 inhes tall.
this is a great item if you don't run the dishwasher alot.
we use this for home and travel.
good item.
finally, and perhaps most important of all: this is an essential piece of baby gear.
this is a great thing to have and we still use it a few times a week and my son is 10 wks old.
you will want to use and oven mit or towel to take out of microwave and keep your face and hands away when opening it.this sterlizer is great!
i can wash them in the soap and set them in the sink for rinsing, instead of using both sides of the sink.
it just works perfectly.
great!
this is great!
you can't always wait for the dishwasher, which can take 30 minutes of more, plus all the water being used.
no complaints!
it worked fast and great.
plus with animals in the house, we just like the idea of a little extra peace of mind.
this is the best way to sterilize bottles, bottle pieces, pacifiers, and breastpump parts.
it is quick and easy.
however, it works just as well on other stuff.
(you don't have to use their configurations to get good results.)
we love it.
my almost 4 month old son is very small (24th percentile!)
it cleans my bottles very well, and i use mostly avent by the way.
i love this sterelizer and it has kept my small son very healthy, happy and playful!
i used this item 3 times, now its collecting dust.
most books that i've read and my doctor agrees that it really isn't necessary to sterilize bottles.
my son goes through tons of bottles a day and its not convenient to sterilize them in this item.
i bought this one as well as the full size counter version.
in the dishwasher the nipples sometimes come out with the white dish det.
common sense tells you what to touch or not touch and honestly if you do it once...you won't do it again..
now, i wash the parts and then put them through a steam sterilization in the office microwave, and i pump with the confidence that i'm not adding harmful bacteria to my breastmilk.
and everyone knows that time is precious is a new baby.
i don't use the sterilizer every time anymore since my daughter is a little older now.
i run the bottles & pacifiers though the dishwasher so i feel comfortable with the heat they get from that.
this sterilizer fits the isis perfectly along with a few bottles, nipples and sealing discs.
i wash my bottles out after i use them and put them away.
it is very time saving, rinses easily, and works very well.
i was told that i could wash our baby bottles in our dishwasher and i would not need a sterilizer.
it is very easy to use and since i am using avent products and an avent manual pump, everything fits great in this sterilizer.
i bought a sterilizer because i don't use the dishwasher at all, and well i just didn't trust it to 'sterilize' my baby's bottles well (especially the nipples!).
model selection:there are two microwave sterilizer models marketed by philips/avent.
the first is the scf271/07 (asin b001c3kxpg) and the second is the scf271/02 (asin b000056ouh).
well it doesn't help to take an extra step to go thru a short few minutes in the microwave.
again, if you're in this page then you've come to accept that this sterilization process is worth the extra caution.how many minutes in the microwave at full power and 200ml of water?2 minutes @ 1,100 - 1,850w, 2 minutes cooldown4 minutes @ 850 - 1,000w, 2 minutes cooldown6 minutes @ 500 - 800w, 2 minutes cooldowni'm restating these from the manual because it's important to ensure proper use.
the model number is usually a giveaway on this.how much is 200ml?
follow the included instructions and enjoy.
i can still use the breast shield but there is a permanent dent melted into it.
otherwise, i love this sterilizer!
well worth the price of admission!
5 reasons to have the avent express micro sterilizer:- reasonable price!
)- its great for travel,not too big, not too small.- very very very easy to clean- it does the job in 4 minutes!you can keep it anywhere because of its convinient size ( and its made of plastic!
i purchased this and it works wonderful...however, we do have a dishwasher and i find myself using that to clean the bottles over using the sterilizer.
i do still use in on occasion if i don't have a full dishwasher load to run.
:)i was pleasantly surprised to see how easy it was to use this sterilizer.
and a few pacifiers easily.
it is quick, easy to use, and fits other brands as well.
i bought this right after my daughter was born and it is wonderful!!!!!!!
it is used in my house daily and has been for 6 months.
a must have for working moms.
it can sterilize in 2 minutes (depending on the power of your microwave).
i did not originally sign up for this item; it was given to me along with a box of 6 4-oz avent bottles at my baby shower.
solo viertes un poco de agua en este esterilizador, introduces los teteros y lo metes al microondas y listooo, ya estan excelente para darle la leche al bebe....
i primarily bought it to go along with the prince lionheart wipe warmer, so i'm left pretty disappointed.&#34;compatible&#34; and actually fitting seems to be two different things....
this diaper  depot is absolutely perfect.
it hangs perfectly on my changing table.
i did put a piece of fabric under it so the finish doesn't get scratched on the changing table.
we received the prince lionheart diaper depot for ease of access to diapers.
it attaches perfectly to the gulliver changing table we have from ikea which made me really happy.
i'm curious to see how it will work with the cloth diaper inserts since we're planning on cloth diapering when our baby is out of the newborn stage.
i'll post an update when i get them.i do wish it had a little larger storage for diapering supplies.
great size, good quality and versatile.
because my changing table is also a dresser, the changing table edge/lip isn't as wide as the dresser, so the diaper depot wouldn't hang on the sides, just the front (no thanks).
i bought a different one (dex) that has velcro straps.
i have an ikea changing station and this works great to help keep everything handy while changing the little guy.
it fits a pampers wipe holder just fine.
it was very simple to put together and was very easy to attach to the front of our changing table.
the top caddy easily holds one of the wipes tubs.
the diaper caddy holds a variety of sizes easily...we were able to double stack the newborn size diapers and easily hold several of our son's size 4 diapers as well.
the acrylic is pretty sturdy...it's withstood at least one drop and a few accidental bangs and hasn't cracked.my only one (very minor) complaint is that the clip at the top isn't wide enough to attach to the side of my changing table.
overall, we've been very please with this and plan to order another to use on our secondary changing area on the pack and play in our family room.
for us, storage space is an issue.
tons of storage space for all the diaper changing essentials!
freed up space on my changing table as baby has grown and now takes the whole length!
just make sure your changing table has a rail for it to hang on (see the pic).
i got this for my changing table and it looks great.
i actually purchased it used from an infant resale shop and i am so happy that i did.
now my son is about to turn one and his size four diapers are a perfect fit, we still use this item every day!
this product hangs at a slight angle because of this, but it still hooks on solidly to the changer's top edge, and gives us much needed storage space for wipes up top.
the plastic is thick and it is very well constructed.
the only issue we have with it was keeping the box of wipes from moving about in the space for the wipes.
i bought this organizer since i will use the pack and play in our living room for changes.
this fit perfectly and holds everything i need.
however, it does hang on the side of my changing table nicely and keeps all the little items together.
i have this attached to the pack & play in my first floor.
but all in all, this has been a nice item to have at my pack 'n play for diaper changing!
my son is huge and long for his age.
i loved it!
love this item.
organizes everything nicely.
my only complaint is that the holders on the sides are not big enough for your standard - big baby powder.
i have to use the smaller 9 oz size.
it is a must buy and well worth the amount i paid for it.
better plastic and a better mounting method and this would be 5 stars.
when i received it the size was appropriate, and i was able to attach it to the side of our play yard.
this model is such a space saver for my small changing table.
it's very strong and easy to hook on the sides of the table (make sure that the edge of your changing table is not too wide though and be aware when you want to put  any wipe warmer on the top tray.
it just fits regular wipe boxes.
i still highly recommend it though.
it is always neat and together, and i never have to look around for what i need.
this is a minor inconvenience for the organization that it provides.
instead, we got themunchkin warm glow wipe warmer - greenas a gift.
this thing is awesome.
the top part compartment is for baby wipes, which fits your standard wipe case.
for our first child we did not have this awesome little gadget.
just bought it for baby number 2.
it fits perfectly on the diaper changing station attached to our crib.
also when you go to pull out a diaper of the slot you usually get more than one.
an excellent replacement for those fabric organizers that hang off of the sides of things, this is plastic, rigid.
i am a minimalist and do not like all the organizers that are insanely large.
this one holds a lot but is not large.
i love this so much i've started including it in every baby shower gift that i give.
i was skeptical at first, but it makes diaper changes so easy!
keeping everything in one spot is a must.
wonderful idea!
i am so glad we found this, it works and fits perfectly for our changing table.the only issue we have now is that the wipes are accessible by the child being changed, and sometimes she likes to sit up and try to grab the pack.
this is a great item to have on the side of your changing table.
i have both a diaper stacker and this.
also, the wipes warmer fits right on top in the perfect reach.
i held alcohol pads in them for the umbilical cord for the first two weeks.
one upstair in the nursery and one downstairs in the play room.
i highly recommend it.
the lip that allows the item to hang on the side of a crib or changing table is too narrow to fit over the edge of my pack-n-play.
there is plenty of room to fit everything i need to use at the changing table in the side pockets... and i use the dex wipe warmer with changing light in the area of the wipe holder.
everything is at a hands reach when i am changing my daugher (6 weeks old now) and i literally can hold her with one hand and reach everything with the other because of this.
still - this item was very handy.
note: it only fits on the "front" of a changing table or play yard (the attachment arm/hook is not wide enough to hang from the sides).update at 1 yr: still using this item.
a good buy & fit on the pack-n-play but also on the changing table late on.
we attached this right to the side of the changing table that came with our pack and play and it holds everything you could possibly need while changing your baby.
you can also hang it on the side of those playards that have changing tables attached.
this is the perfect addition to our changing table!
this hooks right on the side of my pack and play!
it looks cheap and also like it might crack easily.
very space saver and affordable!
i can't believe how inexpensive this item is that comes with a great quality.
definitely recommend this item if you don't have enough space in your nursery!!!!
i thought this was going to be a valuable addition to my sons changing table.
pfits perfectly on our changing table and keeps everything nearby.
i bought this item to hang onto the side of our pack n play.
thanks to amazon's awesome return policy.
perfect for organizing what you need on your changing table.
it is not huge which was great for me because our nursery is not huge either.
it is strong plastic and hung perfectly on the side of our ikea changing table.
this diaper depot is a life saver.
even though the rest of your house may fall apart, this will keep your baby essentials organized!!!!!
everthing fits in it great.
the plastic is sharp and scratched my changing table on both sides as i was trying to figure out how to make it work.
when i attach it to mine, it tilts downward and is not level at all.
although our crib is curvy and not straight on the sides it still holds everything just right.
this holds our wipe warmer and about 2 days' worth of diapers, so far so good.
i keep hand sanitizer and lotion for me on the changing table between the pad and the edge of the table.
wish it would hold a little more, but it's great to have the things it will hold within easy reach of our son while we're changing him.
it is wonderful becasue it allows for the wipes, diapers, powder, and a rash ointment all to be stored at your fingertips.
it also works well to prevent damage to your changing table due to the warmer getting hot (which does happen).
as for the complaints about too little storage...we have a full sized powder, ointment, alcohol pads, a brush, clippers, and nail files in the side bins...which is more than enough stuff.the only complaint that we have is the diaper storage.
it is a weird size!
they also pop out 3 at a time...great if you have triplets but a pain if you just have one.
it just needs a little bit or re-designing and it would be awesome!but, all in all it is a great little extra that provides well needed extra storage.
for the price you can't beat this item.
this one is what i settled on.
it fits my badger basket changing table just fine.
i did all my research before purchasing, ie: measuring the size of my daughters changing table...and this was a great fit.
her size 3 huggies diapers fit fine and of course you get a lot more newborn diapers in there.
very pleased.
plastic is very thick and seems sturdy.
i have an ikea baby changing station and i needed an organizer that would hang from it, because i can't velcro something through it.
that is exactly why i bought this diaper depot and i love it!
this allows me to use the entire space of the changing pad for my baby.
otherwise, i'd use some of the space to keep my wipes and diaper on the pad while i'm changing my baby.
love it.
this diaper caddy is a wonderful addition to our baby room which has very little counter space to put stuff.
most diaper caddies out there for your changing table take up valuable table space, so this really appealed to me since it "hangs" over the edge of the table.
it looks nice and works well, gets the job done.
the diper depot works well with our prince lionheart whipe warmer.
*~
i love this diaper depot.
it frees up so much space from the changing table and keeps everything organized and accessible.
we have a graco sarah changing table and it fits perfectly on the front.
i have a prince lionheart wipe warmer that fits perfectly on top.
the diaper bin has enough space for around 14 size 3 pampers diapers.
i love this item.
i bought this as well as other items for my granddaughters travel crib.
the diaper depot fits over the the side very nicely, keeps everything in reach.this will also fit a crib.
once my daughter outgrows the bassinet it will be fine and we still use it right now but it will be more useful when it fits.
we use the diaper depot for our pack and play playard.
my sister got me this for my shower and i love it.
like many other reviewers, we used this on our pack n play as part of a secondary changing station.
it needed a little force fitting but worked okay.
the unit has helped us keep everything we need for changes organized and ready.
yes, the side compartments are on the small side, but they manage to hold a tub of vaseline, a container of purell, a tube of baby lotion and a brush.
thanks to amazon.this so inferior and cannot hold much.
holds wipe warmer, diapers, diaper creme, hair brush/comb, some q-tips, powder, small bottle of lotion...you get it.
it holds the essentials, not everything you bought for baby.
both are great, but it depends on the type of changing table you have.
love it, and it is a must in our babies room, but the only drawback is that our wipe warmer (lion heart 2004 model) does not fit correctly.
i love that everything you need can be placed in the diaper depot and so easy to grab one handed of course.note:we do not use the bottom basket under the wipe warmer as a diaper storage but instead as a cloth towel holder and it works great, especially if you have a boy and need alittle protection and/or clean up from showers!
and i use the diaper storage as back up when my dh uses last diaper and i and elbow deep in poop, this is a life saver
this is great!it fits perfectly and securely over the side of the changing table.
it also puts the wipes right there - easy to grab!highly recommended!
i have it connected to the side of our changing table, which makes it easy for me to have the essentials readily available when time for a diaper change.
great purchase.
highly recommend.
this fits perfectly over the side of our babyletto crib and saves a lot of space.
this is an awesome organizer that many of my friends use and love.
we bought a second hand pack and play and there was no diaper caddy attached as some pack n plays offer.
our changing table has curved ends, and it still fits nicely on the end!
the top is the perfect size for a variety of diaper cases, and diapers fit nicely underneath.
we have this at the top of our stairs.
it works great!
they give you a ton of ties.
the reinforced fabric trim that you're supposed to attach the netting to the rail with is not that strong.
this net does what it says.
it was also a little wonky to size down the length.
it does what a net should do....we set it up on our balcony.
easy to install and very sturdy if you attach it properly.
once my girls are old enough i will get rid of the netting and gates and maybe even reclaim the living room as an adult room.
until then this item is a great purchase to keep children safe.
i use it in my indoor round stair and patio stair.
to keep my child safe when walking up and down the stair.
easy to install.
it does the job, my daughter is discourage from playing with the railing since we installed this mesh&#8230;.
installation, however, is worthy of an epic stress fest.
the ties they include are nylon rope, cut into 7 inch or so strips.
we ended up using zip ties like some of the other reviewers and found that to work quite nicely for getting the netting taut.
along the bottom we did use their eye screws that they included.
nice quality, fits well, and easily tailored to fit my application with little effort.
appear to be durable and safe!
this works perfectly on my banister keeps baby safe from falling through the wide opening.
it is definitely not the most stylish or fancy looking safety net.
but for the purpose of an outdoor guard it is perfect.
so i used simple tack nails to tack down the bottom trim to the side of the deck beam and along the top to the rail.
the nails are nice and small and won't leave any longterm damage.
when my daughter turned 4 weeks old we switched to the primo eurobath tub.
the design is spectacular, but i did give it a meer 3 stars for a reason.1.
it is huge.
this is a great bath tub and fits perfectly in my bath tub inspite of its hugh size.
its has a lot of space for the baby to grow in.
we got this lovely tub after giving up on inflatablessnug tub, and a few smaller hard platic modelsfisher-price bath center - aquarium ocean wonders,safety 1st comfy bath center in light blue, andthe first years sure comfort newborn to toddler tub.it has been really great for us: bigger than most, but still small enough to cradle your baby or toddler.
my daugther has always been big for her age, but at age 2.5 and 40" tall, she is still using and loving this tub.
the primo eurobath solves both of those issues nicely.i like that you can fill it pretty full for older toddlers so they stay warm and get to experience the feeling of a real, splashy bath (with toys) without the safety concerns and slipperyness of an adult tub.
at her size, she can't physically slip and get underwater in this tub (without doing a handstand in it or something)!i also like that you can place your child in the saddle seat end or the more open end.
i can see us continuing to use it for quite a while longer, until my daughter is a little more mature and can handle the freedom of the big tub.
although the tub is big, it's definitely worth a little hassle, because it makes bathtime fun for everyone.
even now she prefers to lay her legs on top of the stopper, not around.so for the first 4 months we used the infant bath seat made by the same company that was absolutely great.
and the stopper in this seat is much narrower and much more comfortable for a baby.
my son moved to this tub when he was about 5 months old and too big for his whale tub.
i highly recommend!
we used this for 6 months.
after my son started walking and climbing, he just used it for leverage to climb out.
got for my daughter 10 years ago and continue to buy for friends.
this is our 3rd (and surely, the last and the best) baby bath tub!
depth of tub allows for baby to be partially submerged in water keeping him warm throughout his bath.2.
holds baby safely in place allowing me to wash him using my 2 hands.
works great for first-time moms who fear and dread bathing a baby!3.
great anchors for the baby's arms.
we bought this tub after our son outgrew his standard baby tub because we were nervous about putting him in our deep jetted bathtub.
it's been a great item and our son loves his baths more than ever.
the way the tub is designed works out perfectly for our wiggly toddler - it "holds" him in place so that he doesn't slip under.
two tiny prices to pay for a great tub - i would definitely recommend it and i would purchase it again.
however, if you have a dedicated child's bathroom where you can keep it, then this is a great baby bath tub.
i use this tub along with the safer bather and absolutely love it.
i think every parent needs a safe tub.
it is bulky and a pain to use.
our daughter never liked it.
it is also a huge tub.
i'll give it another shot when my daughter is about 3 months old and will hopefully have grown into it.
i had received 3 different baby tubs as gifts and returned them all and i'm glad i did.
the baby is now 6 weeks and i can say that it is a well designed tub.pros: works great for newborn and the baby can continue to grow into it.
i have to use it in our kitchen or the master bathroom where we have a large enough counter top.
make sure you have enough counter space to place the tub on.
baby is happy and safe.
my son was 5 months old when i bought it, and he is now 14 months... it works great for us!
i love that this tub is bpa free, and it cleans/dries very well.
we have 6 children & have fostered several.
we absolutely love this tub!
my daughter is 3.5 years old and i have been looking for a large enough sturdy bathtub for her.this one is just perfect in every aspect.it is large and deep enough for a toddler and very comfortable and stylish.my daughter is thrilled with it and loves her bathtime in her new primo euro bath.it is easy enough to empty out the water and it fits perfectly in a standard bathtub.definately a good buy.i would not reccomend it to parents of a newborn or a small baby.this is more of a second baby bathtub.
we decided we'll be hanging it in our bathroom out of the way, once the newborn phase is over.i think it will last throughout infancy and am glad we received it.
my 9 month old son loves bath time with the fisher price precious planet whale of a tub.
he loves bath time with his fisher price whale tub since he was an infant.
never once saw my son slip on the whale tub.
for my little ones who are not old/big enough to shower, this tub allows them to take a bath with ample room.
the idea of being able to use one tub from birth to age two seemed very efficient.
now, at a year old (and about 27 pounds!)
we still use the infant/reclining side, since i love the extra help the molded parts give me while bathing her.
if you don't want a huge baby tub, try some of the other offerings.
we have five different tubs at home and both grand parents house plus a travel tubs.
i highly recommend this!
big, but great tub for newborn.
kept my son, comfy, warm, secure and safe
i have had this tub for at least a year and a half now, and i still love it.
my chunk 26 month old can still fit in it comfortably.
i originally bought a leachco safer bather infant bath pad based on all the good reviews.
i am able to bathe my little one without any help.
this is really an awesome design.
we store it in her bedroom after it dries because there is no room in our bathroom for it.
would highly recommend this tub.
this is the only tub i have ever owned, and i love it!
that free hand can be priceless!
she is a year old now and she still fits just fine.
we lay her back to wash her hair in one end, and when she sits up she can spin herself around to the other end to play.
as a little bonus, now that she is mobile, using this tub keeps her contained.
i went to lowe's and bought one of those giant, locking suction cup hooks.
it holds the tub, and we still have plenty of room to shower.
our mesh tub toy bag hangs neatly out of sight underneath it, and as a bonus the toys aren't soaked every time someone takes a shower.
my baby liked it better.
it was ok while we used the net but quickly became uncomfortable for our lo.
first, this is for our 3rd baby and it's our 3rd tub.
we've been using this tub since our son was about 6 months old.
at first we used the infant position which worked great.
after a year, he is still using it and fits perfectly in it.
the tub went through a lot of banging, crayola drawing and stuff like that, but it looks great, and works like new.
this tub is great.
my son is very big for his age and yet still fits in it really well.
it is very sturdy and yet is light to carry and as our bathroom is quite small is hung on the wall out of the way when not in use.
the small plug is very easy to use too and means you can drain a little water to top it up if you need to.
but my baby outgrew the one first one i bought so i ended up buying this one and i wished i bought this one in the first place!the tub is large so it holds more water.
my baby loves playing in it!
the newborn side of the tub is awesome.
my son enjoys sitting up and playing with his floaty toys.don't be intimidated by the size.
this bath tub is everything we wanted in a tub for our baby.
i have 20 month old twin boys and they didnt really use large baby tubs (no room!)
thankfully someone bought me an infant tub, and thank god its this one!
i brought this tub for my newborn.
great bath tub for babies because it provides the back support for babies.
great bath tub still.
it is a great bath tub for my newborn!
the side for the newborns in this tub makes them feel safe since the baby does not slips so easily.
we absolutely love the eurobath!
we use it in conjunction with the safer bather bath pillow and our 6 month old just loves bath time!
whether your new baby is lounging on the one side, or your older baby is sitting on the other side, it is a safe, secure and comfortable way to bathe your child.do not be frightened away from this fantastic tub because of its size.
i bought this tub after my 5 month old son started to become too big for his other infant tub.
a friend has this tub and highly recommended it.
the tub is roomy and the grooves hold him well.
we love this tub and highly recommend it!
our 4 month old son outgrew the first year's infant to toddler tub within a few months.
i finally bought this bath.
he fit in the tub very nicely.
we started using this tub when our son was three weeks old, and he just seemed so small in the tub.
we keep it in the tub of our spare bathroom, and it takes up most of the tub.
this tub is very very large.
i am going to go back to the sure comfort deluxe tub once my son has better control over his movements.
i am very suprised that this tub got such great reviews because of the size of it.
my son is lost in it.
this is a big tub, but it works.
i bought it because you can use it for newborns as well as toddlers.
for small newborns it is not as comfortable, they kind of slide around a bit.
it had a mesh sling in it to use when the baby couldn't be submerged yet.
(a great book to get to research baby gear) and found this bathtub.
it is the best!
our son was comfy and in a reclined position.
we used this up until recently when we started putting our son straight in the big bathtub.for a long time, we used this on our bathroom counter.
we bathed our daughter in this from new born until 3 1/2.
my newborn actually likes getting a bath now, hence i now enjoy bathing her.
it can't easily be tucked away somewhere out of sight.2) the shape of the tub requires maneuvering to get all of the water out while draining since all areas do not have direct access to the drain.
i works great as it has 2 sides.
it is bulky though, so you need to have space in the bathroom to store it and to use it.
the primo sign fell of within a couple of months.
we decided to go with this bath tub after reading lots of reviews about it...they were all positive!when we received it via courier, we were happy with the quality although found it a bit big.our daughter is 5 weeks old and we've used it about 6 times or so.
this tub is a little big, but it is absolutely the best tub out there.
before my baby could sit up, it was a huge help to have both hands free to wash him.
easy to clean and will grow with the baby.
i tried one of the seats first, which pinched my baby and was really uncomfortable.
its great for itty bitty babies, big babies, and even small toddlers.
no frills, sheer elegance in design!
the closest highly rated blue whale tubfisher-price precious planet whale of a tub(like most others), while really cute, has a tendency to develop mold in hidden crevices.
she is 4 months now and still loves it.
it is quite big in size but we have ample counter space on the vanity so it works well for us.
baby bargains rated this tub as their top pick for 2011.
but i have tiny bathrooms in my house, and have to place the baby tub inside our regular bathtub, which is pretty hard on your back.
at 4 months and 12.5 lbs., i'm using a towel under him because i'm still afraid he'll fall out.
i did give it three stars, though, because it is a nice quality tub and if you're baby (and bathroom) is on the larger side, you would probably love this.
this is by far the best purchase we've made for our son - at 2 months old he was 16 lbs, and too big for most tubs.
this one is perfect.
our 7 month old nephew took a bath in it the other night, and he loved it as well.
i would absolutely recommend it to any and every parent and/or grandparent.
this tub is great for my 19 month old.
it is a large tub to store, but i don't mind since it makes our bath times so fun and easy!
i actually put this tub into our bathroom tub for bathtime - fits perfectly.
it is a huge tub.
if you don't plan on keeping it in the tub all the time...get a different tub.
your baby will have support with this and can lay in it alone.
it greeted us on the porch of our house when we arrived home with the baby.
we bought this tub before our daughter (first child) was born.
after 22 months of use, this tub is still in perfect condition and our daughter still fits in it with room to spare.
this tub allows you to wash your child with at least one, if not both, hands free.
the baby sits in what reminds me of a western-style saddle with the piece in front that won't let baby slip down -- even as a newborn.
we expect she'll fit in this tub well past her 2nd birthday.
we blew it up tonight thinking maybe we'd start putting her in the adult tub with the duck since she splashes us a lot now and soaks the walls when we use the eurobath on the bathroom counter top.
to our dismay, we found that the duck inflatable tub was way too small.
she sits confidently in the eurobath because she's supported so there's no slipping and scaring her, and there's no worry for us.
my baby is one month old and we love the eurobath!
it's spacious and comfortable, he likes being in the water, other bathtubs have a seat out of the water.
pros:this tub is perfect for my 6 month old.
she still uses the lying down position.
this was too big for our two month old and he was very uncomfortable.
hopefully in the future we can use it again.
i started using it when she was just three weeks old, and the contoured infant seat supported her just fine.
she still fits comfortably in the infant seat and is able to kick and splash very easily and safely.
after they outgrow the infant tub this is awesome.
it will last well until he is 2 and works wonderfully.
arrived caved in from shipping.
i still prefer the hoppop that i purchased through amazon.
my baby kicked sideways from the get go.
it is quite large and takes up a lot of space.
this tub is large, fits in the bath tub, and works very well for our daughter.
it also has a plug in the bottom.
this bath tub is very functional & cost efficient..considering you can use this for a very long time (just don't use chemicals to clean it/ use organic cleaners!)
put a wash cloth down and, as always, watch them closely!
he stayed warmer and he was much more relaxed than when we bathed him in the standard baby tub at my parents house.
i only wish we had bought it sooner!
right now our daughter is using the cradle piece, and loves that she can splash around.
one of our best baby purchases!
i love this tub!
the moulded shapes hold my baby nicely and allow me to have my hands free to bathe him properly.
we have been using it since he was three weeks old and it still works well.
we always lay a towel in the bottom to keep him from slipping around and for comfort.
this tub is huge, which i was aware of..it's one of the reasons i love it.
my son who is almost 8-months, looooves the freedom this tub gives him.
once he becomes more steady, and aware of himself, it will become easier.
i used it a couple times, now a year later it sits in our closet.
the tub is well-designed and comfortably keeps my 5 month-old baby in place while i'm washing him.
our son loves to kick and splash in it.we originally had the fisher-price aquarium tub, which was great for our newborn - 4 months.
after that, it became really uncomfortable for our son.
my 5 month old seem comfortable in it.
very well shaped though!
my husband and i love this tub.
our son was very cramped in his smaller tub at just 4 months of age!
his toes would reach the end of the tub!
from 0-4 months, the smaller tub was great for our son.
it also allowed us to bathe our son standing up because the smaller tub fits on top of the kitchen sink.
great bath!
it is very big, but much better than the others available in my opinion.
this tub is the best- i wish i had bought it sooner.
i saw this tub listed in baby bargains (great book!)
my son has a ton of room to splash around and play.
the tub also has a spot to hold shampoo and bath wash bottles.
as the previous review stated, this is the perfect tub for a tall baby.
our 24 in tall 2 month old outgrew her 4moms cleanwater tub and we wanted to find a tub she can continue to use as she grows.
yes, it is big but we keep it in the bathtub of our spare bathroom all the time so it is not an issue.
i love that it's roomy and has a couple different options for seating.
plus i feel safer being able to reach the baby easier.2.
it doesn't drain fully on its own - it must be tipped later on after the baby is out.3.
for the most part, it holds my 6-month-old in the reclining position.
i needed a bathtub that would work for both my infant son and my 3.5 year old daughter.
i also needed a new infant tub.
i really like the size of this tub, because it is huge (though it still fits easily into my standard size tub).
it has a nice contoured reclined position on one side to hold my infant son, yet the sitting position on the opposite side provides ample space for my 3.5 year old daughter.
the design holds baby in place &amp; our 1 month old (who is almost rolling over already) stays put during bathing!
also, it is quite large for counter-top use but we made it work in our master bathroom, too big for the kitchen.
it worked perfect.
my son is 15 months old now and i have started putting him in the regular bath tub now and he does fine now that he has good balance and everything.
1 month.
it is large....you'll need space to store it or in our case we just keep it in the tub in our extra bathroom!
you and your baby will love it!
i have used this tub for my two kids and it is perfect for our needs.
we use it inside our full sized tub.
my son who is almost 3 still fits in it and i used it for my newnorn daughter as well.
we started with what i call the newborn tub and switched to this by 3 months.
it is very large and fits perfectly in our existing tub.
my son no longer will!
i wanted something comfortable, safe, and high quality for our 4 month old.
it is big, and takes up almost the whole bathtub, but it beats the others since it creates her own bathtub.
there is plenty of space for her to kick and play.
for the price you will get your deal, especially the end result is a happy baby :)
this is the best baby bath tub out there.
we've used it in two of the homes we've lived in, and it's worked great in both.
win win!
i received this as a gift.
it's wonderful!
i highly recommend this item!
this is by far my favorite.
this tub is very big and holds an ample amount of water.
i love that it is molded inside to accomate young babies and later on toddlers.
while the baby is young, the infant molded side is great.
there is plenty of room to fill the tub and keep the baby covered in warm water.
once your baby can sit very well, you move him to the toddler/sitting side.
this side is great because it allows you to bathe the baby and he won't be sliding all around the tub because the moldings help keep him steady and secure.
he loved to play and carry on.
overall, i love this tub.
i loved it.
huge improvement, as the previous version was prone to mildew in the tubing, and yanking the tube to help with drainage was problematic.this tub can hold a brand-new baby.
one side has what looks like a slide with sides.
it actually supports the baby, and holds it to keep it from slipping.
we tried 3 different bath tubes for our newborn.using this bath from her 4th week!
perfect shape, highly recommended.
at first sight it seems huge.
it's because the tub has two "sides".
our tub is stored hung on a nail on the bathroom door or turned over in the big tub.
it's very ergonomic for baby and allows whoever is bathing baby to use both hands for washing.
sturdy, easy to clean, easy to store, and my baby loves it!
it also matches our blue themed bathroom quite nicely.
also the shipping time was great!
this is a large baby tub, but it stores easily in the bathtub, cleans up very easily, and you will be able to use it for 2 years at least!
well worth the extra $$.
the eurobath got the best ratings by far.
your baby may be a little small to fit snugly at first.
it is huge!
my bathroom isn't exactly spa size so i store the baby tub inside my tub.
i think the reviews themselves show how much you and your baby will love it!
my son is 9 months old and could be bathed in our regular bath tub without issues.
we have been using this tub on our kitchen counter since he was born and its the best thing.
i can bathe him at a comfortable height without bending and kneeling.
i think this tub is wonderful.
this tub is durable, very well built, does not look cheap.
best bath tub for its side.
my baby was only 6 pounds full-term, and this tub was huge!!
even with the so-called supports the tub has, she still slid all over the place, and i still had to lean over the side of the tub and hold her very carefully!
she hated it and so did i, and to this day (18 months later!)
!update: i recently purchased the munchkin ducky tub for $15, and i was able to get her to climb into the tub and even start playing within the first 5-10 minutes of her laying eyes on it!!
i use the other end of the tub (not the reclining end) and it allows him to sit up and the straddle guard  keeps him from slipping.
i'm very pleased with the purchase.
it worked fantastically!
our kids love it and so do we!
we used this bath tub with our first son and loved it.
it truly  last a lot longer than most and is very safe with infants.however, i just re-ordered one for our second son and had to return it because we now live in a smaller space and it is way too big!
i was surprised at just how large this tub was when i received it.
he loves it, and calls it his "boat".
it is really sturdy.
two years old granddaughter growing out of smaller infant tub.
ok, this is the tub you need, folks.
the reclining position is pretty darn safe, and it gives the baby a lot of support while you wash, which is a godsend.
thank goodness i have a spare room by my bathroom to store it in otherwise i would have no choice but to send it back.
it is nice & sturdy though.
now he's over 20 months, and we still use it, and he's still very comfortable in it.
however, if you have a really tiny bathroom that is shared with multiple people, this could be a drawback.how many baby products do you use, basically every day, for the first 3 years of baby's life?!
i need to use my toothbrush to clean up certain areas in the tub due to the molding.while eurobath has a smooth curve that makes my cleaning time a breeze (just wipe it dry and done!).3.
great one!
he really cannot slip in this tub and has ample room to play and splash.
i use the baby side to shampoo his hair.all in all, a great tub!
our 9 week old loves baths in this tub.
he's very comfortable in it since it cradles him & i love the idea that it can be used for so long.
although rather large & cumbersome in my apartment, my newborn daughter was perfectly comfortable and secure in it.
my favorite feature was being able to use both hands to wash her or lather soap in my hands since the tub supported her so well.
this tub is so large but in a good way.
the headrest of the tub is great for a newborn and i love that i can wash the entire tub and not worry about detaching and washing the support fabric that other baby tubs have.
takes up 3/4 of the size in our bathtub.
it works for infants up to 3 year olds.
highly recommend.
we love this tub and so does our daughter!
i read the reviews on this and we are so glad we recieved this as a gift.
she fits great in the contoured area and the water level is sufficient to keep her warm and happy during bathtime.
i love that we'll be able to keep using this bath as she grows into this little baby spa.the material is durable, the molding perfect for a little baby and the features are practical.
we are very happy with the tub.
it is light, well made, made in the usa!
i have a deep soaking tub so i needed something that would be a bit larger.
this is definitely larger.
my infant daughter is still very small for the infant seat but she will grow into the space.
everyone is right, this is a great tub for your little one.
he fits great into the infant side and he had a blast the first time he was in the tub.
so worth it.
this tub is bulky, but great.
it is highly easy to keep clean.
and has two positions.
well worth the price.
no mildew issues at all.
at first i thought this tub was ridiculously big, but my son loves it!
we even bought a second one for our summer house, because i can't imagine giving him a bath without it.
i love how the sides come up and kind of hug my baby, i don't have to worry about him rolling over in it.
it is rather large and takes up most the space in a regular size tub.
our 6 month old outgrew her 4 stage bath tub & i wasn't comfortable readjusting it to fit a toddler.
this eurobath is wonderful.
it is very roomy & baby enjoys splashing around.
i definitely recommend this tub!
this tub is great!
its totally huge.
my 3 month old loves to kick and splash in the bath.
my baby seems very comfortable in this tub, i highly recommend it.
great design!
after dealing with a couple of unsatisfactory baby tubs, i found this tub for my infant twins.
it is, hands down, among the best baby gear purchases i've ever made.
the smart ergonomic design keeps your baby sturdy and safe, and allows you to have both hands free for washing and grabbing bath products and towels.
you will love this tub!
got this tub because my son is pretty large for his age and outgrew his spa baby tub at 4 months.
he loves being able to lay and kick in this tub!
it fits in our bathtub perfectly.
we originally purchased a different tub, but at 4 months our baby outgrew that one so we opted to buy the pri eurobath.
i only wish we'd bought this tub first.
our son loves this bath tub!
he is so relaxed in it!
if you're looking for a tiny bathtub for your itty-bitty newborn baby, this might not be what you had in mind.
my son had his first bath in this tub.
before my son was born i bought him fisher price bath tub.
i liked to look at it, and imagined how i would bathe my baby in it.
the baby was very happy, smiling all the time, and kicking the water.
mommy was relaxed for the first time, and really had fun :)))
i received the sure deluxe newborn to toddler tub at my shower, but my little girl outgrew the newborn side at 3 months, but was to small for the toddler side.
i  bought this tub and it is great!
it is big, but fits perfectly in our tub and gives her so much room to play around.
our daughter loves to take a bath in this tub, and we love to bathe her in our eurobath.
the contoured tub holds her head above water without our assistance, and it has since she was a tiny little thing - under 7 pounds when her cord fell off.
after tried out 3 different tubs, i finally bought this one.
i didn't want to buy this tub at the first place because it is a humongous tub.
my husband registered for, and we recieved this bath when our daughter was born.
from day one, i absolutely hated it.
she just could not relax enough to enjoy her bath, and she loves to be in warm water.even with a sponge support she cried every second she was in the water.
i got this for my baby shower and i love-love-love it.
my baby amelia has been in it since week 1 and she is 3 months and still loves it.
i can easily bathe her alone without problems.
highly recommended, especially since the tub grows with you and your baby.
before i gave birth i received a smaller blue infant tub that is generally pretty popular and widely available.
i loved it for my newborn, it was small and compact and easy to place over the sink.
however by months 3 it was clear the tub was far too small for my son, even though it claimed to be for toddlers as well.
though this one does not come with an newborn insert i find the tub itself is so much smoother, softer and more comfortable for the baby then the previous one.
the laying down part is still being used at 7.5 months.
the tub itself is large but the bottom is proportioned enough to fit over a nice size sink.
i am very happy with it and highly recommend it for your newborn, infant or toddler.
this is an awesome tub.
my daughter loves her bath time and her tub.
the seat thing is great and does a good job at keeping her from slipping when i lay her back.
my 3 month old daughter loves this tub.
we originally had the first years tub, but she grew out of the newborn hammock but was still too small to bathe without it.
she loved it right off the bat.
this tub is also huge which means lots of water to splash in!
i find this tub is great for getting out her energy as well as working out a little gas before bedtime.
as a soon-to-be new mom i was determined [read obsessed] with finding the most practical of items for our new arrival.
from the moment we brought our son home this bath has severed us well.
i must confess that i also recieved the summer infant comfy bath sponge and actually the two items complemented each other perfectly.
from newborn to about 10 weeks i placed the summer infant bath sponge in the reclining part of the euro bath.
this secures a small baby in the bath, keeps them warm and allows you to reach for things like washcloths and wash without fear of them slipping.
given the low cost of the bath sponge it was a winning combination.
as our son has got bigger we've not needed the sponge and at 13 weeks he's now at ease in the reclining part without the sponge.
she had outgrown her washpod tub (which she also loved) but i wasn't comfortable putting her in the regular bath tub yet since she is such a squirmer.
she loves it, there is plenty of room for her to splash around and it is really easy ton wash her.
we have used for two years, and it is in as perfect condition as when we bought it.
no sharp edges a fabulous size, and easy to clean.
could not be happier.
read reviews and bought this one - baby is now 15mos and we are still using it.
love it.
worked great, out of the way & able to dry out.
this tub is huge!!!
my shower has an extra long shower hose, so it is very convenient to fill the tub.
while there is a plug it doesn't really do a good jub of letting out the water while the baby is still in the tub.
i would have bought the white tub, but amazon had it priced at $15.00 more than the blue tub, plus the blue tub was eligible for free shipping with my amazon prime account while the white tub was not.i had this same tub in white when my son was a baby.
little miss likes to kick, so this tub is perfect for her.
the infant supports hold her very well.
i felt she was safe and secure while i washed her.
she stayed calm and loved to kick and splash and she still very much enjoys bath time.
now my daughter is 6 months old, 14lbs and about 24in she's just about right to use the tub without the towel.
we are still using this tub after almost two years!
my son loves it.
you can use this from birth on, no matter size of baby.
first daughter was tiny, second was a tank.
both love their eurobath.
it is huge (the bigger your bathroom - and tub - the better), but so worth it.
my baby hated baths until i bought this tub, and now he is much happier.
i was determined to not by a giant plastic baby tub because i lived in a 3 story townhome.
it's nice that we can still use this one on the counter and not have to lean over a regular tub.
the bathtub is priceless.
it holds baby so well from the very beginning and provides the "extra hands" i need for a productive yet safe bath-time.
the tubs works great for my 6 month son, but i could not make it work when he was a newborn...
our son outgrew his first bathtub by three months.
we bought this one next, and he loves it!
it is very safe and comfortable for him.
my son loves this bath!
it is great though.
i used the safer bather in the eurobath when my sons was very small, and within a month or two just used the eurobath.
i love this tub.
white color so you can remove things floating around in the bath water, and you can easily notice things such as bug bites and such that need your attention on babies skin.
(i am a paranoid mother!
it is one solid thick mold.
i like large because i know i will get my 25.00 out of it since i will be able to use it for several years but again it is a pretty large item.
when i purchased this i didn't know my son was going to be born 2 months early and be a tiny little preemie.
the tub has an area where the baby sits that separates their legs and holds them in place (of course you need to also make sure you have your hands on your baby at all times in any tub).
my son always felt very secure in this tub and i loved that it really grew with him.
so - we had one of the fancy schmancy puj baths because of space concerns.
the baby hated it.the baby loves this bath!
we place it next to the sink on the kitchen counter and it works wonderfully!
(a tiny closet - but it fits!
no longer do i have to hold onto our slippery baby with one hand and wash her with the other which is uncomfortable for the both of us.
brilliant.
love it.
i did a good bit of research when looking for a tub as i wanted something that we could use for a while with our little one.
this tub is perfect.
beginning from a couple of weeks old, he has been taking a bath in the infant side of this tub.
i do put a hand towel down to keep the little man from sliding (although he still does a little), but for the most part, this tub allows me to use both hands for washing which speeds up the process.
it's also nice to have a drain plug that allows you to adjust the amount of water in the tub if you happen to put too much in.many people don't like the size of the tub, and it is large.
it will take up the vast majority of a standard size tub (which you also have to keep in mind for storage purposes).
our bathtub stays in our normal tub unless we have company, then we stash it in the nursery.
if you are looking for a tub that you can use in a dedicated bathroom and are focused on bathtime safety, this is the tub you've been looking for.
the slanted part is such that we still use it to wash my daughter's hair even as a large toddler.
it seems to be very comfortable between the crotch as she's never complained, and sits relaxed reclined or upright.
as a baby, she was cradled, secure and very happy.i love everything about this tub, especially its' large size.
given this tub's large size, i can (now that she's too big to ever slip under) fill it up to the top, and she's got warm water and suds up to her mid-chest, without any risk of her falling under as with an adult tub.
even with a full tub, in 2.5 years we've never had a crack.i love this tub so much, we bought two more - one for grandma and grandad's in each state!
perfect for large babies and small.
we were given a diaper genie for a shower gift and it proved so invaluable in the baby's nursery upstairs, we bought a second one for our downstairs changing table.
it works great!
it just makes it smell nice.just read the instructions first, it saves you from frustration later!
;c)
i loved hearing all the yeahs and nahs when registering for my baby about the diaper systems.
i stood with the diaper genie because of the reviews.
i love it, i have no complaints.
works great!
easy to use!
for us this is a life saver!!...
it's not true that it gets full everyday.... or....
the refills are not expensive at all, and you could always get free refills at babies r us, buying 2 or 3 together....i use one refill every 3 weeks or so....i haven't try any other one in the market, but for me this is perfect, so i could say that is the best option!!!
my son turns 2 in a couple weeks and i don't know what i would have done without this.
this way you can get the best twist and seal it in completely.
the diaper genie is easy to use, and the refills last a long time.
the diaper genie is great.
it helps eliminate diaper odors, thanks to the slightly powder scented bags, and that it seals off each dirty diaper.
i got this as a gift and loved it for the first six months.
still a hassle to remove the "diaper weenie" so now i just use a normal trash can.
2.
3.
we started off loving this contraption and singing the praises that you've heard from so many, but have since found ourselves grumbling about it more and more.
it makes a huge difference in how the changing room smells.
it is a little tricky.
my 5 mo old laughs everytime she sees her father change it.
honestly, my husband and i use the plastic bags that the daily newspaper comes in.
the diaper genie does the job of keeping odors away, but otherwise it is a real pain!
the diaper genie has some major flaws.
the odor protection the diaper genie provides is much superior to that of the other diaper pail.
so for my baby shower i recieved the original re-fill for my wide genie.
the diaper genie is sooo easy to use and they always have coupons on refills.
the corners stick well though.
very soft, cushy, works great, looks nice, easy install.
no complaints here!
makes me feel more comfortable with him playing in the living room : )
a new baby reaching toddler size presents a lot of difficulties around the house.
for example, our living room has a large fireplace with a raised brick hearth.
the edge, and particularly the corners, are sharp and harsh and could cause a good wound if the baby were to fall against them.
so we bought this prince lionheart cushiony fireplace guard.
the guard is stuck on with some tape from 3m and there are warnings in 10 different languages that they do not guarantee that the glue will do no damage.
i read the reviews and decided to give them a try.
we have had them on the hearth now for 3 weeks and they have stuck solid so far.
thanks.
works well, good quality.
very nice not having language issues.
my son was able to pull this off right away.
only put tape at top and not sides if it isn't a perfect 90 angle.
our fireplace is made out of stone pieces so it is uneven on sides.
it still stays with tape only on top holding it on.
colors are true to actual look.
it pulls off of brick very easily.
or both.
we got these becasue our new house has a brick fireplace with an elevated ledge.
our daughter was just learning to walk when we moved in and as part of our baby-proofing we decided we needed something for the fireplace.
plus when it was on our daughter seemed to be drawn to it!
we have a standard fireplace hearth (no odd angles) that is about 6 feet wide and this has worked out great.
otherwise this is doing a great job keeping him safe and reapplying the one piece isn't that hard.i bought the brown ones and both my wife and i actually think it looks pretty good on our gray brick fireplace and brown tables.
we also bought a 4 pack of their edge guards after the first two brands we tried couldn't survive my son's curiousity.
i'm sure my kid will still find some weight to hurt himself but hopefully now it won't be a call 911 kind of hurt.
i purchased the colour that best matched our fireplace mantel
when i got my simmons changing pad, this came with it free.
the terry cloth is so soft and makes the pad so comfy.i was shopping the other day and found that a division of carter's also makes changing pad covers that will fit the simmons pad.
i am giving it 4 stars though, because if it did fit, it would be a good changing pad cover.
it is absorbant for times when you are mid diaper and there is an accident, and is much more comfortable than the plastic on the pad.
when i was a brand-new mom, eager to color-coordinate my baby's nursery, i bought terrycloth changing pag covers in almost every shade available.
doesn't sound like much work, but considering how many messes babies can make, changing the pad gets to be almost a daily chore.
i have 2 of these covers and love them.
so, we bought cradle size lap pads and keep one over the cover.
it works wonderfully and is easy to pick up and put in the hamper if it gets dirty.
plus, they are cheaper.
so, we have the nice clean look of a white cover and put the lap pad over top of it.
works great!
this changing pad cover is made of high-quality material and fits perfectly even after being washed in hot water.
infact, get at least 2.
keeps baby's skin warm, rather than putting them directly on the cold changing pad surface.
i have two of these changing pad covers and used them both for a year with my first child.
i agree with one of the other comments regarding a slit for the safety strap...one is not present.
), have the safety strap slits and fit the changing pad perfectly.
i registered for this item because it goes with the changing pad that i chose.
it never made it to the changing table.
we have two of these that we rotate and they work just fine for us.
we also have the contoured changing pad by simmons.
true, they do seem a little small straight out of the dryer (the cover stretches straight across the top of the pad), but after one changing our baby's weight shapes it right into place.
i am pleased with the changing pad cover...it was very expensive, that is my only complaint.
it washes well and remains soft.
i have since bought a carter's cover and am much happier.
these changing pad covers are of poor quality and have not held up very well to washings.
in addition, the covers do not fit the changing pad very well and pull up at the sides.
unfortunatly there does not seem to be any other choices so i still use the covers, but i also lay a waterproof multi-use pad over the top.
this way i just change the multi-use pad and i don't have to wash the changing pad cover very often.
this changing pad cover works great on the especially for baby contour changing pad.
i also use small changing pads so that i don't have to change and wash the cover that often.
i like that i can put my baby on something soft and warm instead of the cold plastic pad.
these covers work great, but you need a couple.
they are a very inexpensive way of adding color to baby's room.
we have the my little snoopy bedroom set, which is mostly blue, but when our daughter was born we bought one of these covers in pink.
it adds a nice girl touch to her room.
it covers the cold vynil of my changing pad.
it has caught numerous undiapered poops and pees and went right into the wash without having to wipe a thing up.
that was my favorite quality of it.i have two of these so that when one is in the wash the other is on the changing pad.
the only beef that i have with it is that after the first wash, one of the terry covers ripped at the seam.
thats ok though, it was fixed quickly with a few stitches.
with each washing it got smaller and smaller and it made the contour of the pad malform a bit at the corners.
my suggestion, don't put it in the drier and it stays perfect (learned with the 2nd one we bought).
we got this as a gift at our baby shower two years ago.
this is almost a must have for babies.the range is fantastic.
i can be outside watching my two year old while my baby sleeps.
i know that i will be able to hear her.
not only is the range great but it also picks up the smallest sounds, i hear my baby rolling over in her crib when this is on.
our apartment is made with solid concrete and i am able to hear the monitor all the way in the front of the house.
the transmitter is downstairs in the baby's room and the parent receiver is upstairs in the kitchen.
no, the sound quality is not perfect but it is great for the price.
i am very glad i found an affordable option that works perfectly for us.
for the price, in a small home, it worked well.
this is great if you need to put them somewhere that doesn't have easy outlet access.
the new worked great.
for us, static is the most important issue.
we use the baby monitors primarily at night, so that we can hear if the kids wake up in the middle of the night.
this always wakes us up.
it even picks up the sound of the a/c unit.
i love that the parent unit can be used without batteries.
i'm not kidding, the way we know when we've got it to the correct volume is when we can hear the clock ticking.
we've had this monitor about a year now and it works wonderfully!
it does the job though.
we hear our baby clearly and the base unit is 5ft away from the crib and next to our white noise machine.5.
even though you are limited to 2 channels we have never picked up any conversations or other baby monitors.cons:1.
they recommended that the unit be plugged in at all times for optimal use.
this means you can't walk around with the monitor.
we just don't use it that way because we keep the monitor in one place in the house.2.
you can only use 2 channels.
it works well enough and i love that it has an outlet plug so that i don't have to run it on batteries but the sound quality is terrible, lots of static!
i honestly dont recommend this item, buy something nicer, it'll be worth it for your sanity and peace of mind.
the best part of this monitor is the price.
i had originally bought one and it worked very well.
it does its job, but with quite some statics in the background.
if you can sleep with &quot;white noise,&quot; you may be ok but it drives me nuts.
also, our batteries have lasted an average of 3 - 5 days.
after going through 6 of them, we started using the plug full time.
love this monitor and wished i had bought it sooner.
i bought them as a backup for my parent's house and it serves its purpose, but the overall look and feel is not nice, they are big in size.
my grand daughter is now 11 months old and i watch her during the day while her parents are at work.
she always wakes happy but before the monitor i did not hear her until she cried.
we get strong reception throughout our 3 level house with ceramic tile floors and thick walls.
we've had trouble finding an outlet we can use that doesn't have other major interference (like if the alarm clock or toaster is on the same circuit).
plus, for some reason we're picking up another kid and their family that is no where around us (no babies within 2 houses in any direction).
the clarity is perfect for our large 3-bedrm apartment.
we bought this because my 2 year old lost the cord to our old monitor.
it does have some occasional interference, but you just move it a little or switch the channel & it is fine.
it is a cheap, simple monitor that works well.
it fit our budget & our needs and i have been happy with it.
even though it's not the greatest, it works great for being under $20.
i didn't have high expectations.well, since then, grandma ended up moving into a 4900 sq ft house, and baby and i lived with her for a month.
it doesn't pick up any interference even with 2 different wifi networks in the house (linksys and netgear) and it has seriously taken a beating.
we switched to glass shortly after the news broke.the evenflo glass bottles are certainly a great buy -- the price is fantastic!
but when our next baby is born and i'm pumping at work, we will definitely be storing the milk in my glass evenflo bottles.
going to the baby store and shopping for baby bottles as a new parent was daunting.
there aren't many choices out there in glass, and those that are available are usually very expensive.
basic and no frills, but solid and sturdy.
glass bottles are fantastic- they're the absolute best for preserving your milk, easy to boil and sanitize, great price, and they can go in the dishwasher.
i would definitely have directly bottle fed my daughter with these, but she absolutely refused any bottle, that didn't look and feel more like mama.
also, if you've ever had coca cola in a glass bottle versus coca cola in a plastic bottle, you can definitely appreciate how glass preserves the flavor- ijs
these little bottles are surprisingly strong and light weight for what they are, which is a glass bottle.
while they can shatter, it takes a lot to get them there thanks to their compact build.
we used avent with our first child, and had that for our daughter too.
she uses a medium flow nipple at 10 months, and she hardly has gas issues anymore.
i love you amazon, but your prices are getting steep.there has been one bottle that got a crack in it, but i even dropped a bottle on to our concrete floor and it did not break.
i bought these glass bottles after reading all the articles about bispenol a.
we love these small glass bottles.
they also hold up great in the dishwasher.
the smaller size is also more comfortable when feeding the baby.
the nipples and rings work well, no leaking.
we didn't want the boy drinking his milk out of any leechy, plastic-y material so we bought these.
the size is right and they feel strong and secure.
you'll be happy you got these and so will your baby.
these are great bottles.
i used them from day one until 6 months old.
i love the glass bottles though because they keep the milk cool longer, important when pumping at work and using one of those little coolers.
they're very sturdy - i've dropped them several times and they haven't cracked or chipped.
these come with nipples and the covers.
i highly recommend these.
really fast flow.
please dont use it with newborns as its too much flow and air and it creates colics
i purchased these bottles for our new baby.
i am happy with how sturdy they are and have no fear of breaking the glass at all.
although, i still use the playtex drop ins once in a while, when i'm giving my baby water or we're on the go, because its convenient.
i didn't like the nipples it came with, so i bought nuk regular nipples to go with them, it fit perfect and my son liked it !
my baby still has a tiny tummy, so these small bottles work well for the amount of pumped milk he can drink at night.
sturdy bottles, bottle nipples work well too.
i decided to keep the bottles and use them for storage.
do yourself, your baby, and the environment a favor and use glass bottles for as long as possible!
i paid $9 for 3 bottles and 3 fast nipples.
they clean up nicely in the dishwasher, and i just bought a large glass "milk" bottle for mixing and keeping extra formula in.they're solid bottles, heavier than her plastic ones.
i wondered if she'd be able to hold it, but she did!
the outer ring and bottle work with all of the nipples i have.
these bottles are great (they come in two sizes; this review is for the larger, 8oz size).
i freeze milk in them and defrost them in warm water and we have never had a crack or break yet.
these are ok, thick glass so thats great but its so hard to read the side.
these bottles are super good quality.
my baby loves these bottles.
however, comparing to highier quality glass bottles like lifefactory these break so easily.
if you're looking to this 3 pack to replace the 6 pack that is sold now without the storage discs, don't buy them!
i think amazon sells the discs separately but you should still buy the 6 pack instead of the 3 pack.
definitely not worth it and once i opened them to see if they contained the disc, i couldn't return them.
they will un-stick after 24 hours - so if you use these to store milk, you will need to use that milk after 24 hours.so these bottles are ok as far as functionality - the nipples work ok for our babies and they are cheap, sturdy, not easy to break - but i prefer the plastic ones (evenflo and gerber both make a bpa free plastic version very similar to this)we got these with silicon nipples, not latex - they are available!
a great buy!
these are simple glass baby bottles.
i bought dr. brown's nipples, which work great.
these aren't fancy and are a great price.
our daughter however did not like these as much as the playtex drop ins.
she would have to stop drinking and we would have to wait for all of the air to flow back in before she could continue.
these bottles have been perfect for us.
we started bottle-feeding out of necessity when our baby was only 6 weeks old, and these bottles have worked perfectly.
we haven't had any trouble with the nipples, and we're currently using the stage 2 (3-6 months) size.we love these bottles and their classic design.
and the price is great (bpa-free plastic bottles often cost $12 each).
if you are bottle-feeding, i would recommend getting at least 12-15 of them so you don't have to wash and sterilize bottles everyday.
the current trend (avent, playtex natural, gerber etc.)
quilting gives extra comfort and it's thick and waterproof.
this mattress pad is soft, but not too cushiony.
the pad has protected our mattress from many a baby attack.
i recommend the large quilted multi-use pad in addition.
i use john lennon receiving blankets (6 is a good number) with an quilted absorbing pad underneath to be prepared for spills and smudges on my contoured changing pad.
i use this pad in my sons crib on top of his sheets to prevent the sheets from getting stained/soiled too soon.
i also use it as a changing pad as well.
this pad is so easy to put on and take off the mattress.
it washes up easily, and does not shrink!
my evenflo one you have to tug, pull, and stetch to get it on and even then it's not on perfect, a real pain.
my son used his "kid-ding fitted mattress cover" for over a year.
this company kid-ding makes two different mattress covers that look almost identical if you don't read between the lines!
this one is a fitted mattress cover by the same company and is just perfect!
wraps around the crib mattress flawlessly and doesn't move an inch!
i have since bought another one!
they're great and reversible.
it holds up good in the wash and is dryer safe.
i highly recommend it.
after 1.5 years this is still in great shape!
i only bought one and it has lasted through tons of washes!
don't go with the costly ones with this one works great!
i have an average sized mattress and this fits perfectly!
if it &quot;bunches up&quot; like some others suggest, it is because it isn't put on the mattress correctly.
just because it collects lint balls doesn't make it any less durable in my honest opinion.i recommend at least two of these!
i had seen these in babies r us and didn't get them because it said medium flow.
i read the reviews which lead me to believe you shouldn't trust the flow speed when comparing the two nipples so i decided to go get these.
he took them right away, she said it was 100% difference and now he eats when i'm away.if you use this system and baby doesn't like it very much switch to these nipples and see if it helps.
my son was nursed until 12 months.
the latex playtex slow flow naturalatch nipples that we got with our bottles were way too fast.
my baby gets frustrated with how slow these nipples flow.
they are no different from ordinary nipples that cost 50% less and my lo still hated them!
i believe most of it was my prayers asking the lord to please help this baby take the bottle, but the nipple is the only one that he would take to!
also, amazon is one of the only places i've found that you can actually purchase this nipple!
great buy!
they have great flow that doesnt leak yet the baby doesnt collapse the nipple from extreme suckling.
extend the life of your avent's product.now, i can continue to use all the avent bottles!
used it for more than 4 months and still as good as new.
the quality is really good.got it together with thishttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00433oqo6/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeasin;=b00433oqo6&linkcode;=as2&tag;=travguid0ca-20
bought this for my little baby, who seems to like it much.
i use these avent nipples with avent bottles.
each nipple has 3 classifications.
i wish they would only use one classification system because it can be quite confusing if you go to buy different nipples.1.)
a numberalso, the title of the item doesn't say what age or number of nipple this is, and there currently isn't a description.fyi:they are number 3 for 3+ months.
i love the ease of the avent bottles for feeding, cleaning, transporting.....everything.
i bought all the sizes i will need in the future.
also, these nipples fit in the avent trainer sippy cups.
this phillips avent bpa free classic newborn flow nipple, 2 pack works exactly as advertised.
happily using it in our home.
even though this is a slow flow nipple my 3 month old baby did and still at 4 months does struggle with it on occasion for being too fast.
these are our daughters favorite.
they are sturdy, none have broken or ripped.when you're ordering it can be a little confusing which size you are getting be sure to look at the size chart they provide to be sure you are getting the size you want.
los productos avent son los mejores para darles biberon a los bebes, son de muy buena calidad y excelente precio, siempre recomiendo esta marca.
love the flow of milk for my daughter but these do leak if not upright.
both my kids liked these nipples.
these nipples lasted about 6 months before the rubber started to rip.
the mam bottles work as intended, but are unnecessarily troublesome.
first of all, you have to make sure the bottom is screwed on **really** tight, otherwise the water used to heat will mix with the contents of the bottle.
an extra ring is nothing compared to the base parts of the mam bottles.
avent's lids are secure enough and prevent leaking without requiring a 2-hand operation.as an added bonus, avent has a conversion kit that allows me to pump using my ameda purely yours electric breast pump directly into any avent bottle.
our daughter now uses both.
so i switched back to size 2 for now.
i love avent.
i used the phillips bottles when my son was still drinking from bottles and bought some of these extra nipples as the others eventually wore out.
my baby likes these nipples, and they actually work better than the newborn nipples.
my baby always gags and gets too much from the newborn size, but she has no problems at all with these.
this is quite ingenious!
you line up the marks with the baby's nose and that dictates how fast the flow of milk is.
i highly recommend these.
my newborn baby was swallowing the formula very fast when i used the 3 months size so i ordered this one.
number 3s are perfect for her now at 9 months.
this is our first baby, so everything is 100% new to us, but overall, the avent feeding system has been a real winner.
these are the best nipples i have ever used!
they are variable, numbered 1,2,&3.
1 is for slow flow, 2 is a faster flow and 3 is for cereals or thicker liquids.
these are great!
these are also a lot thicker than normal nipples, they are of a higher quality but they only fit avent bottles.
my granddaughter is eating baby food now, but for the more runny foods, i find it much easier to mix the food with formula & give it to her in a bottle.
this nipple works great, because as she is nursing, i can simply turn the bottle to the best spot for the perfect flow.
happy baby makes grandma happy!
the nipples are great.
i used them with both my sons.
they've withstood numerous washings/sterilizing and they maintained their appearance and function.
the slow flow is a good flow for babies that are both bottle fed and breast fed.
these nipples fit the original avent bottles not the newer avent natural flow bottles.
these were good for a few weeks until we inadvertently bought the new avent natural flow bottles.
new parent here.
who knew there were slightly different sized nipples.
have to return and replace.
we started with number 1 nipple until my daughter was about 2 or 3 months, then switched to number 2 nipple, which she used until 5 or 6 months.
it worked great.
best price around!
love it!
these bottles work great for my baby and her gas and colic issues.
our baby is over 6 months and we still use these nipples.
i recently bought the medium flow nipples, since our baby is 3 1/2 months.
overall, the avent bottle system is great and i would recommend to others.
hold up for multiple children.
i usually hand wash with mild detergent and hot water though i also put them in the dishwasher on occasion.
every store had stages 2 and 3, but i had a hard time finding the size 1.
the avent nipples are our babies favorite, 6 months flows really fast, the 3 month (3hole) is what we still use at her 6 months.
!formula normal eater= 3 hole (3 month)formula slow easter= 2 hole (entry)formula normal eater with cereal= 4 hole (6 month)our girl eats formula, and cereal with veggies anf fruit.
they work great and are very reasonable.
love avent!!
we started out with the size 1 avent nipple and then when our son was around two months we switched to size 2 and once he got to be around 3.5 we moved him to size 3.
it definitely has a faster flow than size 2 and he is able to take his bottle a lot faster.
our son is exclusively formula fed.
even for my 1-month old the flow is too fast for her.
to be fair, other brands we've tried are still to fast for her.
we introduced a bottle to my son when he was 3 weeks old.
since he is breastfed, i am still using the #1 flow nipple in order for a slower flow.
he has no issues drinking from it even still.
this nipple works great for both my babies.
does not interfere with breastfeeding.
no problems latching (on either) going back and forth from breast to bottle.
!i found the perfect bottle and perfect nipple
these bottle nipples work as intended.
it's jut the result of normal &#8220;&#34;wear an tear&#8221;.
these nipples work great with all of the avent bottles i own.
works well, felt like the baby was fighting with getting enough milk fast enough.
love it!
blame the thickness of the mixture.
).if it still leaks, then i suggest you need to replace the nipple and/or a new bottle screw ring.great thing i just found was these bottles?philips avent 9 ounce bpa free bottles, pink, 3 packthere is an extra valve ring to help seal.if any of my bottles leak, i follow the steps above.
i have used avent bottles with my son (2) and my daughter (4 months).
you can convert the bottles to a sippy cup with ease.
love that feature!i don't use avent bottles for "newborns" until like 1-2 months old (also i have established breastfeeding on both my children) so i can't speak to the size 1 flow nipple until that time period.
not sure if the nipple should be slower or if my baby has a super strong suck and is a voracious eater.
shipped fast.
buy it if you are looking for quality to your life; soft and easy to use it.
my son choked on the milk from his bottle when we used these because the milk was pouring into his mouth.
philips avent natural glass bottles.
i added 1 tsp of cereal for each 1 oz of formula and my son was able to eat without any issues.
he normally uses the size 3 classic nipples.
we like avent brand nipples bc they are durable and not overly flexible.
my son is teething and these nipples hold up well amidst his chewing/gumming.
nipples are not as flexible as other brands (playtex for example) which helps against excess dripping when my son wolfs his formula down.
these do seem to be a slightly slower flow than other medium level nipples however.
we have &#34;up sized&#34; avent nipples quicker than other brands.
will continue to purchase.
great price!
this bottle nipple is great in quality and all, come on it is just that, good flow!
philips avent medium flow for 6 months was such a big help, she start to drink fast.
then i found these and since my son has being using the avent classic bottles since he was born i figured i would try it.
these allow for the perfect flow, they have a i, ii, iii on the nipple which you can decide what flow works for best for your little one.
these nipples are interchangable with the entire avent classic line so i just use a 9oz bottle and fill it with the tub of baby food and 2 to 4 ounces of formula and my baby is happy as can be.
i have used avent nipples for all 3 of my kids.
glad to buy the upgraded replacement nipples for his age range to be able to continue to use them.
i love avent bottles & nipples!
these were a good transition from the lowest flow.
for our son as a newborn.
no problems with cleaning or melting in the dishwasher.
avent products have done us well since our son was born.
my almost 4 month old baby loved this.
sometimes he can take the 3 size but this one is the most comfortable with.
perfect for 6 month olds!
perfect for juices and nestum.
the variable flow really works.
our son has bad congestion and it takes a lot of work for him to eat.
switching up to a level 3 has been great for him in terms of being able to take in more forumla.
the nipple is wide enough for baby as to hopefully prevent nipple confusion.
i ended having to use a different brand entirely.
we've been using avent bottles/nipples since my daughter was born two years ago, and been very happy with the quality.
their customer service is also fantastic.
my husband installed these on every piece of furniture that could tip in our house.
love these!
works alright.
bought some from toysrus and had to return them because they didnt work, thats why i turned to amazon for these.
these looked like the best and sturdiest option while also remaining slightly flexible.
in addition, they are bulky and white, making them very noticeable eyesores.
very sturdy hardware, easy to use, everyone should have these.
i bought these after my son yanked open a drawer on a 5 drawer dresser and it tipped and fell on him.
i was standing right there and was able to catch it and break the fall.
its an added peace of mind having these in case i am ever not there to catch a falling dresser.
buy them, use them, prevent serious injury.
these straps come with easy to follow instructions.
they are durable, relatively discrete (white is a good color choice), and they give use the peace of mind that our toddler cannot tip the furniture.
perfect solution, no issues installing.
plus we live in ca, so this is a win-win for everyone!
we purchased these to secure a large mirror and bookcase to keep our toddler safe.
i used both straps for a very large piece of furniture.
be aware when purchasing that the photo shows 8 but there are really 8 pairs if you order that selection.that's twice what we needed but they are super sturdy and the hardware is excellent.i'm only dinging it because of the misleading photo.
we had the brackets from that came with the furniture (mostly ikea stuff, but some other brands as well) & 1 set of these.
we ended up buying 2 more sets of these since they're much better than the stuff that usually comes with the furniture (& definitely much better than the ikea standard ones).
much easier & much more secure.
straps seemed sturdy.
if you want them flush to the wall, you need to install the wall piece well below the piece attached to the unit (several inches.)
this one is the best!!
very sturdy plastic.
this is a wonderful gate when you have your hands full, as i often do.
we've used gates for years with our pets, and this is by far superior to any others we've used.
we actually went out and bought a second gate when we saw how great they are.
my 2 gates arrived in one day with prime shipping!this really is the best doorway gate you can buy.
very sturdy, easy to install, even comes with a wrench!
i have had several other gates (ones i bought and hand-me-downs) and this is by far the best because 1)it stays open when you don't need it (like when kids are napping) - i used to have to tie my other one open!
3) other tension gates i have (dreambaby extra wide gate) worked fine, but it was really tough to get it just right so that both parts latched/locked correctly without being so tight that it wouldn't latch.
this one was a breeze, as long as it is tight, it works, latching perfectly in both places.i have the older version of this gate and it is much better than the newer version.
it had an actual knee plate and it had a wide, sloped base which seems to provide more stability and prevented toes from kicking into the base.
i used this gate at a family member's house, and i loved it, so i bought one for our place.
however, it is too small for our normal, standard width hallway.
i love the step feature.
this gate is also quite tall which is nice.
great gate, great value!
i love that this gate installs very easily, and the gate swings both ways.
we installed this in a bedroom frame, and easily moved it to over the stairs.
i bought this gate yesterday.
good:-easy to open with one hand.-works great for keeping the dog out of the nursery.-really like the pressure mounting, easy to install.bad:-gate creeks
we put it in a doorway that we walk through constantly, i can open it with no hands (i.e.
i can leave the gate open, walking through is a bit narrow for my wide hips, but i don't have to turn sideways or anything.get it, you won't regret it.
fantastic gate extremely easy to install.
this is a fantastic gate!
the pedal seems to be improved as i have yet to have it break.
it's very durable and the ease of use and set up is great.
it's also a plus that the fram stays in place and you dont' have to remove it all the time like other gates.
the one part that might give out will be the pedal.
nice and sturdy!
easy to install and use.
it looks nicer then some of the other gates on the market.we still have this years later and got a second one when we moved.
my oldest is almost 4 and she still cant open it on her own.
still loving it!
it holds on for a while but still she can tear it down.
we needed a sturdy gate at the top of our stairs that was pressure mounted because we had to mount it on both sides to our wood balusters.
we did tons of research and finally settled on this one.
we couldn't be happier with our pick!
the hands-free option is an absolute must if you're getting this because you have small children.
i can step on the release and nudge the gate open with my knee, so my hands are still securely on my child in my arms.
i cannot imagine a child being able to open it because it does take quite a bit of pressure, in fact, our two year tries to step on it and can't budge it.
the gate swings nicely in both directions and easily latches back in place.
we also had to get the extension and it works great.
i highly recommend this gate!
this is a great gate.
very sturdy and easy to open.
this gate is very simple to install, but time-consuming to get the perfect fit.
it is tension mounted with no hardware or tools required.
we love this sturdy, easy gate.
it works best in a doorway that you want closed off for sure.
we are so glad that we bought this gate.
simple to use!!!
the measurements of it (the gate) and what space it will fit (with/without extensions) is accurate too.
easy!!
great when i'm taking groceries in the house and don't have an extra hand to fiddle with one of those tricky gate locks.
love it!!!
great gate- worth the money!
many models go wider and you have to purchase an extension for larger openings (i.e.
our "i thought, standard" hallway).
i purchased this gate when my son was learning to crawl ... as stuck it on the bathroom door frame to keep him out - it was wonderful!
i love that when guests came over, the bathroom door would still shut, and they all loved that it was so easy to use.
the pressure mounts are very secure and were very gentle on both of the appartments we have used it in as well.
i love that my tall 35 lb and 39 inch 2 year old can't open it, but that for anyone over 6 that has tried it in my home, it is very simple and effortless!
we have used it for over 2 years now, and still love it!
we love how they open and close by pushing on the pedal (ours has worked perfectly, although i see that some had said that theirs breaks) and opening with the knee.
based on our experience and reading many reviews before deciding which gate to buy, it is my sense that for the price, most people are very happy with this gate.
however, our child tends to be the investigative type and has thus far made no progress learning to open the gate.
this seems to be a good, decent popular working gate for most people and needs.
it really is hands-free to open.
utilized these for our stairs and they work very well.
this gate was very easy to put up and is very sturdy.
it is also convenient since there are no levers to pull or push with your hand to open.
we purchased this gate because of the great reviews and also because i have 2 70lbs terriers that need to start getting used to being guarded off.
the gate is sturdy comfy and attractive as well which is important in my house, most of all seems very safe.
this hands-free gate works when you step down on the foot paddle which causes a latch to open.
you can then push the gate open with a hand or a knee.
the gate provides good protection.
when properly installed, it provides solid protection, although (important!)
but this is *not* designed and should never be used to guard the top of a stairway.
it is easy to install and works great.
we are moving to a new house and we are getting two more for the staircase.
this is certainly worth the extra money.
nice and sturdy, though.
it was barely used for the good part of that year, left open most of the time.
right before we moved in, my daughter ran into the gate (wasn't hurt, thank goodness) but it broke apart.
we bought 2!
i can open it easily carrying the baby or groceries.
it is great quality.
we have had two of these for three years now and they are still in perfect condition!
very good gate and easy to open with your foot stepping on it.
we love this gate, we bought one to block of the top of the staircase, and we wanted a second one t block off the living area and the kitchen... unfortunately the coverage range of this product is very limited... even with the extensions.the gate overall is made out of solid material.
we got this gate plus two extensions, one for either side, almost a month ago for our triplets who just turned a year old.
otherwise, this is a great gate!
we have the added baseboards along the bottom of our walls plus the tiny toe boards and because this is all pressure mounted it adjusts great.
it works great for us since we live in military base housing and want to avoid putting holes in the walls to fill in later.
it says it's not approved for use at the top of the stairs because the only gates approved for use at the top of the stairs are hardware mounted ones, so i just put it in the hallway right before the stairs and works great.
in order to open the gate you have to have a good amount of leg strength that i wouldn't anticipate younger kids having.
we have a pretty wide door frame.
about 32&#34;.
after trying 3 different gates (that all had high ratings on amazon), this wasn't my favorite - but is still a good gate.
however...- the hands-free step pedal is pretty cool and worked pretty easily.
the gate has about 2.75" pieces on the ends that you can use or not with the optional extensions (more 2.75" spindles as additions - 2 per box) to provide the most width flexibility.
think about how you will use these gates in your house and what features you will value.
we returned this for the north state industries easy close gate, which we love.
...in medical bills!
sturdy, tall, nice to look at and it opens effortlessly.
everyone who has used it loves it because there is no fussing with latches or handgrips.
not only is this gate incredibly easy to install and incredibly sturdy, but it is also great for pets.
easily installed and adjustable.
we haven't had to use any extensions.
15 mo.
old can't open it but 6 yr. old nephew can operate it easily on his own.
they are wonderful!
especially while trying to carry a new baby.
so this is great.
we are veterans of many types of gates for both dogs and now kids, and i am crestfallen that it took us this long to discover this terrific model.
for one large opening i used the superyard gate, which is a decent all-plastic telescoping gate with permanent-mounting rails, and for the other i used the first years hands-free with a single extension.
after seeing how secure the first years was, and how incredibly east it was to install the extensions, even though i'm happy with the superyard gate, i wish i had bought two first years hands-free,the operation is really cool -- you step on a pedal, and knee the thing open.
it works in both directions!
we use it at the top of the stairs.
i received this for my baby shower and am very pleased!
it is easy to open while carrying my baby and keeps the dog in the family room when we are away.
i love how easy this gate is when walking through with my arms full of sleeping baby!
it seems to be a pretty solid construction, and for a tension gate, it actually holds pretty well.
so yeah, she's apparently a step ahead of all our visiting adults who can't open this thing.despite the fact that she can open it from time to time, i still like this gate and it has really been an important feature in our home.
easy to use, and easy to install.
this is also very sturdy.
my wild son can't tear it down, i loved it so much i bought one for my mom's house too.enjoy
my 22 month old can open doors but still can't open this gate!
gives great piece of mind.
i love that you don't need to use your hands to open and close it.
we use this gate with one extension and it works perfect for keeping my very large 1 yr old (~30 lbs) out of the kitchen while cooking.
very sturdy and nearly impossible for him to open on his own.
the pedal is a great design feature and allows us to move easily in and out while carrying things (garbage?).
no complaints after 3 months of use.
my 19 year old grandson put it up for me as a means of keeping our dog limited to a certain area of our house, and to keep the grandkids in a more controlled area as well.
my only concern is whether it will last over time because we get so much traffic in our house and you do have to use a good bit of &#34;push&#34; to release and open the gate each time.
girls still haven't figured out how to open it and boy are they mad.
we got this style because we didn't want to attach hardware to our door frames.
we also have another gate that is a slightly different the first years model than this.
i like that that one has the plastic guard at the bottom to act as a transition.
this one is also a little taller.
but the primary entrance/exit to our house is via the kitchen, so we needed something easy to open with your hands full.
if you follow the instructions on how to correctly tighten it on the door frame you won't have trouble.
tl;dr if you are looking for a great gate that will function well for 6 months, and inevitably break in unrepairable ways, this is the gate for you!i loved these gates.
we bought two of them and they were relatively easy to install and had been very effective at keeping our rambunctious 2 year old out of the kitchen and hallway.
these gates come with only a 90-day warranty, and both gates started breaking in obviously flawed ways within 6-months.
this is a clear design flaw.weeks later our second gate broke.
upon contacting the manufacturer's customer service, they confirmed that there is on way to fix the foot petal and there is nothing they are willing to do to address the broken gate.in the end, we regret having bought these gates, and i am rather disappointed that the manufacturer doesn't seem to acknowledge these design flaws in their gates.
i think it also speaks volumes that they offer 1-2 year warranties on almost all of their baby products -- except the gates.
it was incredibly easy to install, and is very safe and secure.
my 18 month son knows how the gate opens, but cannot open it because of the weight required to push down on the lever.
the mounts aren't sturdy.this gate only fits in our doorways, and this is with the extensions maxed-out to their maximum length.
my wife and i had gone through about 8 types of baby gates, including 5 or 6 for the entryway that connects living room and kitchen.
part of the problem is that the entryway is extra wide--over 50 inches--and we had trouble finding gates wide enough just to fit.
after several frustrating attempts at finding a decent gate (including resultant trips back to the baby store for refunds/exchanges), we finally bought this foot-pedal operated gate (with 2 extensions) and it works awesome.
i bought 4 gates (three brands), this gate the summer and the dream baby i had to purchase other items to install this gate.
this wasn't a bad value but not nearly as good as the summer extra tall decorative and even the dream baby is better than this one.
i needed a gate for the top of the stairs, and searched amazon for "baby gate top of stairs."
this gate is the second item returned.
of course as soon as we opened the box the instructions clearly say do not use at the top of stairs.
the gate works great in the upstairs hallway, but we'll still need to buy a different gate at some point if we want the baby to have access to our room.
i am very pleased with this gate, we have it at the top of our stairs and it works great.
the opening isn't huge but it still works.
the first one i ordered was defective but amazon was very quick to replace it with a new one and works great.
i am guessing that the people who say their infant has figured out how to do that must have super babies.
we have a toddler who has outsmarted several other gates, and this one is incredible sturdy and well-made, we will be buying more of this style if we are blessed with another child!
highly recommend.
this is a great gate in both functionality and aesthetics.
and easy to install.
i was fortunate to find two of these gates with two extensions each at a second hand baby store for 20 dollars each.
after the first year with my newborn, i've come to need a coupe more gates.
works great!
my child can not open it.
it gives the extra 2 inches needed and also protects the wall.hands free operation is very handy when you have to hold the child or carry other stuff.
maybe it was for the hurt that not receiving my gate caused:)
our little one is rolling and starting to crawl, so we bought two of these gates, one for the top of our walk-up stairs, and one for the hallway.
they are fantastic.
the gate door also works both ways, an important feature.the one negative as far as i can tell is that when coming up the stairs, it takes a little extra coordination to step on the foot pedal.definitely recommended.
i needed a gate that would keep my active baby out of the bathroom from the bedroom.
if you need a gate, look no further!
instead, i mounted the gate in the doorway of our baby's nursery, and it is working out great.
this gate is a great asset, especially if you have pets.
it was a little pricy, but definitely worth it.
this is a sturdy gate which does not damage the walls.
a great purchase and can withstand being manhandled by a toddler, yet can only be opened by an adult.
you come to absolutely dread going in and out of inferior baby  gates.
this gate is the best.
love it.
the pedal operation is ingenious, so much easier to open with your foot when you've got your hands full.
also swings both ways, so you can push it open whether you're coming or going.highly recommend.
color washed off within one month of use and its a little too bulky for a newborn.
the pacifier is just ok.
it is ok, but only works with certain kids of pacifiers.
the kidco gate in combination with the y spindle has given me a safe and secure option for the bottom of my stairs.
i absolutely love this gate.
all four points where the gate touches the wall are different depth and i also used the extension kit and it works perfectly.
it is very stable and my little boy can't open it or pull it down.
the item may be a little more expensive, but the quality is well worth it!
easy to use, easy to install and it has so many different options of installation (extensions, y-spindles, stairway adaptors) and all were easy to figure out.
even my 60 plus mother said it was easy to figure out how to use it without any instruction.
but managed without them.
i was happy to find a gate that works for us.
we use it at the bottom of our stairs along with a kidco y spindle.
not sure what other options we had for mounting to our round staircase baluster.
the gate is so simple in design and it's perfect for our place.
set up was fast and easy
i purchased two of these gates for the bottom of my stair cases.
once i got it all together i was very surprised at how sturdy the gates were.
after trying 3 different gates (that all had high ratings on amazon), this is my favorite.
the gate has about 2.75" pieces on the ends that you can use or not with the optional extensions (more 2.75" spindles as additions - 2 per box) to provide the most width flexibility.
i also just like the way the taller gate looks.-  it does have the highest bar across the bottom to step over - 2".-  if it fits well in your doorway it is probably the best value for the money.first years - hands-free gate-----------------------------cost $50 & extensions $15 / gate is 32" tall  / fits 29"-34" doorway width / 1.5" bar to step over / gate opening 17"- my gripe with this gate was primarily because the gate opening is only 17" wide!
however...- the hands-free step pedal is pretty cool and worked pretty easily.
think about how you will use these gates in your house and what features you will value.
we bought this gate a few months ago.
the first time, dh just screwed it back together.
the design allows it to function well as a gate, yet allowing foot traffic through by the inclusion of a lockable door in the unit.
overall, i am happy with this purchase.
we are using it at the bottom our basement stairs, and it is just what we needed.
nice wide gate (the part that swings open is wider than any other gate i have seen.
secure latch (i have a 3 year old and an 11 month old, and my 3 year old can open a different gate we have, and sometimes forgets to shut it.
this gate requires more strength to open it, which means i am confident leaving the kids to play while i am in the next room)3.
not too big of a deal since he can safely climb up and down the stairs, but it doesn't keep him contained at all.2.
the booklet has instructions in several different languages in the front, and then referneces pictures that are in the back of the book.
this means that you must constantly flip pages when reading the instructions.
but, the first gate i purchased was the standard gateway that uses hardware to install.
kidco kindly includes two extensions making this gate much more versitile than most on the market.
very pleased with this gate.
my 4 year old can also use it without any issues which i like.
we installed this at the bottom of our stairs, one step up.pros:*this is a very sturdy gate.
*its fairly simple to use one handed.
its not sturdy like this kidco gate - i'm spoiled!
and i love it!for me, it is extremely comfortable to use.
the buckles and fasteners are easy to use and adjust as needed.my son loves it - he sleeps in it, or looks around as we walk along.
we've used it on walks, outings or just around the house.
i also use it when i go with my girls to playgroup.
i use this carrier all the time and even my husband has started to use it and he originally said he would never put a baby in such a contraption.
it hold the baby very securly and is comfortable to wear.
has a classy look to it and goes through the wash well.
easy to get baby in and out of.
i've seen dad gain confidence taking charge of the little guy and strut proudly with the little one attatched to his belly.
this is the best.
along with the swing, the bouncer and a few other pieces of gear, it will not only make your first few parenting weeks easier to deal with but it will reward you time and again with unforgettable moments with your baby!
after hearing all the positive comments about the baby bjorn carrier, i registered for it and got one as a shower gift.
i got this carrier as a baby shower gift and it has been truly a great gift.
my son is now 4 mos and still fits comfortably in it.
this is a "must have" item.
capacity and won't just be a couple of months worth of uses.
my husband and i are students with two young children - ages 2 (27 months) and 3 months, so first of all, purchasing this item was a big step when we live on a tiny budget!
we love it!!!
we bought the brand new one (not the one pictured above- it's the new 2003 model) it has the attatchements that slide in on the sides, making it a sinch to put on.
anyhow, it is wonderful!
the new 2003 model is so easy to put on, and even my 6'4&quot; 260lb hubby loves it, and thinks it is really comfy.
$80.00, fine.
it is very comfortable to use, even as your baby gets heavier.
it's got the option of facing your baby outward as well and my daughter loved to look around as she got older.
baby bjorn was a gift.
what a surprise.
she faces forward in it and loves to look around.
it truly is a life saver!!!
luckily, my mother-in-law was feeling generous with the baby gifts, and she bought us one.at first, my son hated it.
everyone remarks on what a quiet, happy baby he is.
now i have no problems with that at all, and my baby is about 16 1/2 pounds.
my husband liked the sling when the baby was little, but i was never comfortable using it.
it is also great for walks outside when using a stroller would be too much of a hassle.
he is now 6 months old and he still loves it!
it is pricey, but i found it was well worth it for my sanity!
my son loves to fall asleep in it while i am working.
what i love about it is the slip-resistant top and bottom.
now, i know baby bjorn did not intend for this stool to be used upside down, but my kids are always moving this stool around to use it in different places, and sometimes they leave it upside down.
it helps my cautious 2 year old get into her queen size bed (no frame).
it is much easier than tip toeing and reaching.tho it is sturdy, it is also lightweight enough that my 2 year old son can move it into position in front of the toilet or the sink.
we also use it as a door stop to keep the bathroom door open.very multi functional.
this is the perfect size!
this step stool has wonderful grip on the floor!
very sturdy, we are happy with the stools
but in spite of some of the obvious flaws (as mentioned in detail by other reviewers) this stool has actually been perfect for us.
we purchased the white one with the black top over 6 years ago.
it still looks great & will last until the grand-kids at the rate it is holding up.
nothing is perfectly safe.
we taught our kids to step in the middle of the stool & demonstrated what would happen if they ignored our instructions.
this is a well made step stool.
now that she has become interested in the potty though, she has taken it into the bathroom and left it in front of the potty permanently.
so, quality gets 5 stars, size only gets 3 stars as it really needs to be wider and longer to be a sturdy step base.
it is durable, sturdy and is a companion for my 2 year old.
it isn't tall enough to reach the sink downstairs, which has slick tiles that could use the babybjorn skid-proof grip.
my son loves to carry it around since we bought it, since now he can reach everything and be a troublemaker haha.
good color selections.
expect their children to use it.
this stool is the perfect height, good quality,and reasonably priced.
my twins are 2 years old and we recently start using the step stool and the matching potty and to be honest both products are disappointing.
this worked perfect in our guest bathroom where standing on top of a rag is well support.
but my other bathroom is tile and it slides a lot regardless of the rubber underneath.
we love these at our house.
the rubberized bottom never ever slips and the stepping surface is also non-slip.
gets lots of use from my 2 & 4yos.
this step stool will not budge, with all the rubber grips it has.
this baby bjorn one is also very strong, even for heavier children.
i'm very pleased!
nice, sturdy, attractive step.
20-month old can stand on it without it being &#34;tippy&#34;.
this matches the potty i bought for my grandson.
my oldest child needs to get on their tippy toes to reach the sink and it works well for our younger child while going potty.
in my opinion, accidents happen.
my 2.25 year old daughter loves standing on this in the bathroom and it seems very sturdy and safe.
got this for grandkids for the bathroom, but we end up using it in the kitchen so the kids can help.
:)
my toddlers are 34&#34; tall.
it is light but strong and sturdy.
good grip surface on top and bottom.
we bought one for each bathroom.
after years of regular use, they still look brand new and have not deteriorated in any way.
my kids have never slipped on these and they use them daily.
additionally, all corners are rounded.-design-they do not look as nice as wooden steps in my opinion but since they are plastic, they are easy to clean.
they look at home as part of a toddler's bathroom but look a little out of place in other rooms of the house.-recommendation-all my kids love these, including our 18-month old climber.
we continue to buy these when we need more steps.
i bought this for my 20 month old son bathroom.
this stool is very sturdy and because of the rubberized bottom does not move on the floor which is a big plus.
he can also get on and off this stool his self being that it is sturdy enough for that.
great buy!
sturdy, good quality, nice design.
she uses it all the time to brush her teeth, wash her hands, and use the potty.
recommended.
a great step stool for those who don't want their house to look as though it's been overtaken by kid-themed stuff.
:) simple, cute, and durable.
this stool doesn't slip on our tile floor and is the perfect height!
bright colors add a bit of fun.
we keep this stool under the sink in the bathroom so our son can wash his hands.
i am confident it will last a long time.
bought this for my little ones to stand on in the bathroom to wash their hands and for when they started potty training on the big potty.
has held up for a number of years and still looks brand new.
purchased a second one for their bathroom upstairs.
no tipping and not bulky.
it is well made and very sturdy.
love the color and design.
my daughter is in the 100th percentile for height and this stool is just the right size for her to get on the potty.
the issue we have is that it slides very easily on our laminate and tile bathroom floors.
if she is running into the bathroom and gets on the stool too fast, odds are she'll end up on the floor.
we just bought rubber grippy strips to line the bottom of the stool with.
the top surface is nice, but the bottom needs more slide resistance.
he goes on the matching potty and then steps on the stool to wash his hands!
this stool has really good grips.
its sturdy and well made.
other than that, its great!!!
i have two of these, one for each bathroom.
they are very stable and just the right size for a 3 and 5 year old to get a little higher to wash hands or brush teeth.
it's nice and sturdy.
he still can't reach the water or the faucet, which frustrates him immensely.
in the mean time, we will continue to be a bit frustrated.i do appreciate the wide color varieties for this stool.
the turquoise color is really nice.
my 2 yr old son likes to sit and stand on these stools.
i am potty training my 21 month old, and he can get on and off the big potty (with baby bjorn seat attached) very easily...he absolutely would not be comfortable on the big potty without this stool under his feet.
i figure within the next year it will become the perfect sink stool, but until then i will have to use a higher kitchen stool for that.
still glad i bought this, but be aware it may not work for both purposes if you are potty training a young toddler.
my two year old can also move it around easily.
even with the stool, my daughter still can't reach the sink so we use this one for other purposes.
this step is stylish and well made.
i love the look of it.
it can be a little tricky to clean the rubberized top, but i like the construction of it and the grip on the top.
it is sturdy, nice-looking and serves the purpose - even though for some people it makes sense to buy a cheaper one.
i used this for my sons potty training.
we began by using this in the bathroom while potty training my son but now it travels all over the house.
he carries it to the kitchen sink to wash his hands, help cook or bake and work on projects in the garage.
i love that it is small and light enough for him to carry and still so useful!
we have enjoyed this for our almost 2 year old over the past few months- helps him &#34;help&#34; with dishes, brush his teeth, and wash his hands.
i like the gray color and is very grippy/stable.
this is a great little stool.
this stool works great in the bathroom for brushing teeth or climbing onto potty.
it has an attractive design and a non-slip grip on the bottom so there's no risk for falls.
i recommend this item.
they are great in the bathrooms and kitchen.
excellent choice for step stool for children!
my 2 yr. old uses it to get to the bathroom sink.
when i bought it this was the most unpopular color, but it matched my son's jungle theme bathroom, i love it!
this is the second baby bjorn step stool we have purchased.
it is simple, it works well, no moving parts for my baby to get into while crawling, and allows my daughter to wash her hands by herself.
wonderful.
i actually bought this before my son was old enough to use it and ironically i use it now!
this is lighweight, has a rubber bottom to prevent slipping and i love the color.
although he is still too young to be able to handle climbing on this by himself, having it around the home now will get him familiar with the item and what its use is for.
i purchased all of the potty training items now for both homes so our grandson will become comfortable with them at both homes and learn what he needs to do at both homes too.
this step is very well made, sturdy, and doesn't have any sharp edges to hurt the little ones.
highly recommend.
there are many steps, and i read around what makes a good step for kids.
my criteria is that one that minimizes a chance of slipping.
my 2-year old likes washing hands on his own, but that means he will splash a lot of water.
for the past months, this is doing a great job providing a safe place to stand on.
this gives just enough height for my son to wash his hands on his own.
my son is very tall 2-year old (38.5 inch tall), and this gives just enough boost for allowing him to wash his hands on his own.
if you baby is short, reaching to a faucet may be challenging.
great step stool for my two year old to use to wash his hand all by himself.
the non slip service works great!
i bought this for my 3 year old to use in front of our elongated toilet.
it gets her to the perfect height and is very sturdy.
i am using it on a tile floor with large tiles (12x12) and haven't had any issues with it moving around.
the standing area is also not that wide, so i feel it will be outgrown fast.
this is a perfect little step stool!
the color is exactly as pictured and i love the grippy top so she doesn't slip.
i was wanting something small and sturdy and this fits the bill!
i bought this for her as a step stool to climb in and out of her big girl bed.
we have 3 of these, and could probably use a couple more.
these are the easiest stools for my daughter to use.
but regardless, this is a good reliable stool to have and looks nice.
this step stool is great, especially if you have a small bathroom.
also doubles as a seat  while you're bathing your kid!
it also has a slip resistant bottom so it stays in place.
it is sturdy for my 19 month old, and is a good size for our small bathroom.
perfect, just like the potty!
its sturdy and a good step.
this item stows away nicely, is sturdy yet lightweight and attractive enough.
note that this could also be a disadvantage as an unattended to child could be standing on top in a heartbeat when not wanted.
so, be careful what the access to this item looks like.
if your child is tall enough to benefit from the safe step-this is a reasonable value for a safe, sturdy item that will not slide around on the ground or break easily.
good colors.
washes easy.
very very sturdy!
highly recommend
this is such a great stool!
however, my son is 20 months, 95 percentile for height.
when the faucet in the bathroom is on full-blast, this stool only allows him to get the tips of his fingers wet so i still have to pick him up to wash his hands.
for kids 4 and over this is probably fine, my nephew is close to 4 and this would probably work for him.
my 2 year old loves this step.
it helps him reach the sink to wash his hands and brush his teeth.
this step stool is the perfect size!
bought it for our 2 year old and he is able to carry it from bedside to bathroom with no problems.
it is very sturdy and has no sharp edges.
my daughter loves this stool!
it's very stable and does not tip even if she steps near the edge.
highly recommend.
very sturdy grip to the floor.
well.
:)
i keep this step in my sons bathroom along with the bjorn toilet seat.
the simple design makes it so easy to clean and use.
i love how sturdy the design is.
i also use this stool to sit on next to the tub while bathing my son, saves my back!
love this, use it all the time for everything.
does slide on my bamboo hardwood floors tho, the antislip doesnt work perfectly with smaller weights like a baby.
not that we are using it non-stop, but my son likes to use it here and there.
i love this stool - extremely strong, yet lightweight.
non-skid grip is on every surface that touches the floor - very sturdy.
this stays very clean-looking.however, the thing i like the very best is the width to depth ratio - this is a nice, "fat" rectangle.
other stools we have, such as ikea's f&ouml;rsiktig [ ... ], and dr. merry's potty pal [ ... ], are much narrower front-to-back (from, say, the perspective of the stool being in front of a sink).
i weigh 186 lbs, and can stand or sit on this without any creaking, buckling, or unstable movement.finally, as an aesthetic concern:  i love that it comes in black and white, which looks very neutral in our b & w bath.
will probably keep this beyond the toddler years as it doesn't look very babyish and is so well made.
it's very sturdy & looks nice too.
my 2 year old son stands on it just fine & the non-slip top is fabulous.
solid, nice quality.
baby is too small to use it when potty but she figured out to use the stool to reach things!
these cups have been perfect for my 1-year old son.
not these - they are a larger size than most, very durable, don't leak at all & were very easy for my son use.
highly recommend!
in fact, the entire avent feeding system, is perfect!
great lid.
our little one has no trouble getting liquid out and can hold the cup on her own.
i've purchased many sippy cups in the past 6 months.
pick up the travel sealing disc accessories and you have a leak proof system for diaper bags.philips avent sealing discs, bpa-freei'm not sure if avent sells separately the little clear discs that go inside the sippy lid, but that would be great if they did.
i wasn't happy since the bottles are for my son.
it works.
for the most part we are using straw sippy cups but these are great for the last bottle of the night
i read wonderful things about these online, so i went out and got them.
my daughter loves them!
i bought these for my son for his infant carrier.
also a great price!!!
you can also put them on the stroller or a highchair to keep baby entertained.
these are great!
my baby girl has loved these since she was just a few weeks old (she's almost 6 months now & still loves them.)
first she just watched them, then she batted at them, now she grabs & pulls & of course, tries to eat them.
my 6 month old has loved the lady bug since the beginning.
the ladybug is the only bug out of the three that has a nice chime sound that entertains my baby.i'm glad i bought these, because my baby does like them.
she's just started to grab the wings of them and pull them to her mouth, and is always surprised when they bounce back and rattle when she lets go.
my son loved these hanging on his infant carseat.
now that she is in the larger carseat i have found other places to attach them because they are her favorite travelling toy.
my son loves these toys.
my bugs are slightly different than the picture on here, but these look just as good.
when i bought these bugs for my 2 months old boy i anticipated him to get attracted; but his reaction exceeded all my expectations.
these are great toys to entertain your new baby.
my kids loved to bat at these bugs and each bug makes a different noise too!
my friend bought us 4 sets of these cute little bugs.
they still are in great shape.
they come in great for those long car rides to visit family.
i received these as a gift.
my daughter loves her bugs and has ever since she was born!
my son wasn't interested in these until he was maybe 3 or so months old, but then he loved them.
we put these bugs on our infant seat a few weeks after our daughter was born.
she is now 3 months old and just loves these bugs!
it keeps her so occupied in the stroller.
i have told my friends about bugs on board.
great toy, works well on place flights.
occupies child and keeps them happy.
cheap but well loved toy in our home!
it works great.
when you first plug it in, no words come up on the screen, but as soon as you turn on the power button on the pump, it starts working like normal.
very happy!
this is excellent!
do not be confused and get the wrong size of volts.
it works sometimes.
having this product increased my pumping options and was definitely worth the small investment of cost.
perfect accessory for pumping on the go!
nice piece of equipment.
make the pumping experience way better.
our family does a lot of traveling and this charger has been amazing.
works great!
no problems, very convenient, works great!
pleased with my purchase as it makes life much easier for pumping on the go!
works perfectly!
this outlet plug is a must have if you want a quiet, clean and safe place to pump your milk.
i love this thing and wish i bought it sooner!!
highly reccommended!!
i am very glad that i bought this as it has an even stronger charge than my plug in adapter.
keep in mind that this adapter is not for new medela pumps.
no complaints at all.
and best of all, they do indeed draw the nipple out to prepare for nursing.
still love them!
since i have been using them they have made a considerable change to the shape of my nipples.
the cups are very comfortable to wear as well.
we have a great nursing relationship because i was able to power through the pain in the very beginning.
i found these to really help heal my nipples but found they left a sore ring around the outer edge of my breast from pushing into skin under my bra and were not comfortable to wear.
to help heal but discontinue use asap.
this works fine at protecting me even with some of the issues i had prior to giving birth.
these can definitely be a life saver during the first 1-2 weeks when you don't want compression on the nipple and you want them to air dry.
bottom line: the relief was worth any minor inconvenience.
this may be fine or even welcomed for some mothers, but for me, it was an undesired side effect.
still, because they worked so well, i'd definitely use them again!
my nipples were extremely sore, raw, and tender, and i would tear up whenever my son latched on.
i got these softshells and within a few days my nipples felt a million times better.
they keep the nipple erect, which helps with latching, and the air-circulation has healed the cracks and raw areas.
its amazing how much milk can collect in them... small inconvenience compared to how beneficial these softshells are!!
these gave me some relief and also the very gentle pressure makes your nipple easier for the baby to latch onto.
it sort of shapes them forward, if that makes sense.
my nipples were extremely painful in the first few weeks.
allowing my nipples to air dry helped them heal and provided relief from the friction of a bra or nursing pad.
once you are aware of the problem, though, it's easily managed.
overall, the pros definitely outweigh the cons.
the feeling compared to therashells is also different.
ever.
the relief was fantastic!
i highly recommend them to anyone with raw or tender nipples.
they have their own problems though... just have to weigh the pros and cons.
also, they irritate my aereolas.
my son was 9 months old and we took a 2 hour flight to visit my inlaws.
it is so cramped on the plane and it made it a little tricky to get the vest on him.
you can always put on a zip up sweater over the vest.the vest is very soft and easy to use and wash.i was thankful that i got it because when we were about to land at our destination, the pilot had to pull the plane back up.
it was very very bumpy.i didn't lose my grip on my son, but if we didn't pull back up, who knows,, i could have.bottom line: it is woth the peace of mind.
it gave me great peace of mind and helped control our little wiggle worm.
unfortunately, northwest airlines gave us quite a bit of grief on half our flights with them.
so, buy and use with caution!!!
even though there are still dangers of having a child in your lap, like the baby getting compressed on impact, a baby being jolted out of a parents arms is much more deadly.
best scenario is to have a separate seat for baby with a child fit harness, but for those who insist on a lap baby...buy this.
very well made, thick to keep baby warm during flight without having to put bulky sweaters, jackets or blankets.easily attaches to adult seat belt.
my wife and i took our 10 month old son on his first vacation earlier this month and purcahsed this item for his to and from flights.
it seemed solid at first but after first wash it completely fell apart at the seams and we washed it on gentle with line dry as stated on the label.
we used this for our very busy 18 month old son.
we were so happy to find this simple vest that keeps our baby from becoming injured during severe turbulence.
these breastshells are wonderful.
great job, avent!
comfortable and used all the time.
it works very well and it is comfortable and easy to wear.
i'd try to lay in a position that milk won't leak out on the edges.
but even if it leaks, these are still lifesaver because at least i won't be in pain anymore and am able to get some rest until my baby cries.i wish i knew about these when i was still pregnant - i dealt with crazy engorgement pain when my milk first came in.
they are nice in the privacy of my own home, though.
the shell that fits on the breast is comfortable.
these definitely keep my sore nipples from chafing or sticking to my bra.
but, i'll take whatever relief i can get!
my wife gets a lot of milk leaking from side a when she feeds from side b.
we bought these and some o-cal-ette nursing cups at the same time.
great.
both are comfortable and i forget i'm wearing them.
i use both.
these are great and help protect my sore and cracked nipples.
if you have really raw nipples they offer a much needed relief and the ability to get air.
i have a 1 month old and a 2 year old, i wish i'd found these 2 years ago!
they are perfect for collecting milk from leaking, but they give you &#34;madonna&#34; boobs!
this prevents chaffing when they are in the first steps of breastfeeding.
these provide relief from your bra or breast pad rubbing and allows air to get to your nipple to allow it to heal.
definitely a must if you are breastfeeding!
it made my breasts look funny, it made my nipples more irritable & it left painful marks on my breasts.
hardly ever used it.
but if you have perky & petite breasts with long nipples, these may work really well for you.
if you look at the silicone part it has a weird yellow tinge to the silicone.i'm going back to my medela soft shells.
i bought these for my wife when her nipples hurt from breastfeeding.
they protected her nips from further pain.
hope this review helps.
highly recommended!
plus, the wool is antibacterial, so you only need to wash them every 2-3 weeks!
amazing!
i didn't use it for the air flow only to catch the milk.
sometimes nice to have but i don't use that often and wouldn't buy again
i bought this for the leak side when i stay home, but  the shape is weird, doesn't stay on breast very well.
these were a huge help getting started on my first baby.
i bought them on a whim and boy was a glad.
they help get my milk started because they apply a light pressure which also helps extent the nipple.
another great feature is the air vents at the top of the cups.
determined breastfeeding mom's these are fantastic until your milk supply comes in at a steady pace.they do not look flattering under a tight fitting shirt (loose is always best anyways) but what does when you are breastfeeding for the first few months as things are adjusting.
it is much easier on the back than the snugli carrier is - i still carry my 10-month-old, 21-pound son in our bjorn at least once a week.i love it because it keeps my hands free, and my son starts giggling and babbling every time he sees it because he enjoys riding in it so much.
this is a very useful item to help keep your hands free.
now she is 4 months old and i carry her facing out.
the price is well worth it!
i felt my baby was very secure in this.
living in a metropolitan area, i rely heavily on the subway system.
but after 3 months, when my son weighed about 15 lbs., it became uncomfortable for me to carry him in this.
it was fine for my husband, though.
i registered for and received the fisher price secure embrace.
well anyhow i registerd for it because of my previous experience and the price.
having a carrier is a great investment for nice walks, shopping and just some cuddle time if you have a colicky baby.
he fit in nicely and i was extremely happy with the way that his weight was distributed.
i am very glad that i forked out the extra dough for it.
no complaints!
only complain, baby outgrew it.
but i tried it again with her at about 3 weeks and she loves it.
this carrier is great, my son loves it.
but my wife and i are slightly different heights, and quite different builds, which requires adjustment between wearers of the baby bjorn.the height-adjustment system should be (a) easier to reach, (b) an integrated release on both sides, to preserve balance and make height changing easier, and (c) bookmarked with tabs or stops or something to faciliate easily moving back and forth between two common settings.-eg
i loved this in the summer for the first months that my daughter was born.
but as winter hit, didn't use it as much.
he was uncomfortable with the forward facing position and didn't like that he couldn't see out the sides.
i now take him everywhere in it.
he's a big baby - 19 lbs.
i always feel he is secure - even if i'm dancing around or moving quickly.
great for the mall, ball games and walks.
i found the baby bjorn to be a very comfortable way to wear my baby.
i was only able to use it for about 4 months because my son was big and it was difficult to carry him when he exceeded 15 lbs.
i love our baby bjorn, there are some days when our son just wants to be held.
the only downside is that if you are busty its not always comfortable.
but, its still a great item to have.
my son, now 4 months old, hates his carseat.
best of all, it's easy to get on and easy to get the baby settled into, even without any help.update: at 6 months and over 20 pounds, my son still loves the bjorn and it's still totally comfortable to wear.
who doesn't love a bjorn??
they are top of the line, high-quality, and as comfortable as baby carriers get.
it is recommended that when they are so young that they still need to face you, that you use a sling instead.
it is very easy to use once you get the hang of it.
it is also great for keeping others from touching your baby when you don't want them to.
now i take her on walks facing forward - she loves to see everything.
i didn't use this much because my baby cried most of the time when i put her in the carrier.
i just love carrying the baby around in my baby bjorn.
it is comfortable to wear for us and baby.
it's also very comfortable to carry and once you figure out how to get it together, it's actually very quick and easy.
overall though, great.
this is a great carrier that is well worth the extra money it costs.
my son loves this carrier.
i had to wash it recently for the first time b/c my son spit up all over it and it held up great in the wash.
it is a very stylish, sturdy carrier that couldn't be easier to use.
it is an excellent choice.
i abslolutely hated it, and my daughter seemed to not be as comfortable as in the baby bjorn.
i have used my baby bjorn at least five times a week with my first daughter, for almost a year, and everything ist still intact and i have used it for the past two months with my second daughter.
the color fading a bit from all the use and washing ist all that happened.
honestly everything is going to give you a little back pain after awhile... heck my purse alone does...
it seemed uncomfortable.
i've even been food shopping with it.
now i can get him out by myself and lay him down w/out disturbing him.
it gives the best support for me and my daughter loves it.
it is worth the extra money.
i researched and considered carefully before purchasing this and all reviews and reports were accurate.the ease of use is remarkable.
from the day after luca and i arrived home from the hospital, we were out for our daily walks.
even at age 9 months we use it often!
we've just put it on, leaving one side open, and then placed our daughter in and buckled it up.
it is still safe, secure and will be put away until we have our second baby.
you can load baby in easily and there are no buckles in the back to worry about.
adjustments are easy to make, both for your comfort and baby's.
however, once the baby is in, it's amazing.
now that she can hold her head, she loves to face outward while in the house or on walks.
this item is wonderful for taking my baby outside for a walk.
he gets to look at the world around him in the front facing position.
my only reservation about this carrier is that the color is dark, and the fabric is thick.
on hot summer days, i can't use it because it will overheat the baby.
i wish that there were another option in a lighter color and a lightweight fabric for summer.
my husband is also very tall and more of a medium build and the bb fits him just fine too.
i found a few other first years items (grooming kit, medicine tote, bottle tote) that match in color and are just nice to have.the clippers are invaluable.
definitely get some of those separately so you can have extras.the thermometer is great.
i have about 3 different &quot;under the tongue/arm&quot; ones that i'm always using.
results aren't really fast, but considering the price and the fact that most people can't afford an ear thermometer for the diaper bag, it works well enough.the rattle is pretty good.
i also have one from the first years with big bird on it.
there are alot of emory boards for filing baby nails and the clippers are absolutly safe.
it is small and fits nicely into the diaper bag.
when i travel i am comfortable with it because it has it all.
this is great because you don't need a separate grooming set and separate first aid type things.
the nose sucky is the best one we have including better than the hospital one, it always works without repeated effort, which is very important when you have a squirming infant!
i will definitely read the reviews first this time!!
these are not dishwasher safe!!!!
i won't use them anymore because i'm worried about what could be getting into my baby's food.
i highly recommend you avoid this item.
i have four kinds of baby spoon (sassy, gerber, toss'n'go, and these) and these meal mates spoons are my very favorite.i have been using these spoons for two months, from my baby's age of 6 mo to 8 mo.pros:the most comfortable spoon in my hand, well-balanced, no sharp edges, not fatiguing like the sassy spoons and gerbera good shape for my baby's mouth, don't lose food on the way inhold just the right amount of food, i like a spoon that isn't too bigbright and cheerful colorsdishwasher safe, i have not observed any staining or bleaching from the dishwashernice weight, not too lightcons:yes, carrots do stain them.
if you're hand-washing, be aware of this spotnot great for travel because they're heavyas for the other spoons i have:the plastic toss'n'go spoons are best for traveling because they're light and indestructible.
they are nicely proportioned for little mouths.the gerber spoons are fine, but not as comfortable or well-balanced as the meal mates.i really don't like the sassy spoons.
a good, simple implement.
they are lively and bright little spoons and much shorter than his others so they make a great decoration.
the colors were very vibrant at first but soon started to absorb the color from carrots and sweet potatoes.
the small brush which comes in the starter kit and the multi-pack varieties is essential for cleaning and lasts for about 6-8 weeks of regular use.
you will receive level-1 nipples with the starter kit/multi-packs, however you may want to graduate to level-2 at 3-months of age, level-2 at 6-months of age and the y-cut nipples for any thick liquids (e.g milk with cereal).
dr brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
when we first bought the bottles, we bought all these replacement nipples in level 1 and ended up returning them because we never needed them.
we started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
so, we had to pack away the 4oz bottles and go out and buy a bunch of the larger size.
these are wonderful.
my daughter is breast fed and these bottles are wonderful for her.
the nipples on these bottles are small and fit great in her mouth.
i can see how it works because my son is less fussy and he loves the soft texture of the nipple.
although my son loves it, i on the other hand hate it when it comes to the washing.
but this is the sacrifice you make for your young.
at the very least, it makes it easier for him to eat since there is no negative pressure created from suction... the food just flows!
thus, the baby swallows less air from the having work so hard to get food.
if your baby has reflux or is very gassy, this bottle is definitely worth a try!
great price for 2 of these shields...
daughter has no issues with the shield either.
overall great price for 2 shields!
overall, a wonderful purchase!
i was struggling immensely with the pain of breastfeeding.
our baby is now ten weeks old and i still use the sheild and experience no pain.
added bonus, baby took a bottle instantly.
my daughter latched on without problems with the nuk-barely there, but she hated these.
i think it is a must after a couple of days or the second day of having the baby.
great for latching problems!!
the nipple size is also fairly large.
for me, i like the option to order a different size.
the 20mm works better for me than the 24mm and the avent doesn't have size options.
it also leaves the baby choking on milk from too fast a flow.
here are my reviews and pictures of the 3 different brand:medela contact nipple shield (20mm)this is the brand recommended by my lactation consultant.
it's made of the thinnest silicone of the 3 brands and "sticks" the best.
i love how the medela brand makes these in two sizes: 20mm and 24mm.
comes with 2 shieldstake a look at the pictures to see the differences side by side.
i like that the baby can touch skin with her nose.
our son was born a bit on the small side and i'm very large-chested so a shield was a necessity.
definitely would recommend if you are in need of some additional assistance with latching.
these shields are amazing!
my baby has a super powerful suck and also tends to bite down as she falls asleep while nursing (as she often did in the first weeks) and without the shield, i'd get painful damage.
they are super easy to use and wash and sterilize quickly and easily.
these are great for when you first start nursing and your nipples are sore.
however, i found the nipple part to be pretty big for my newborn, reaching all the way to the back of his throat.
this and the medela shields are must haves for some nursing mothers.
it is small.may be i don't use it.
we bought one of the ventaire bottles- just to try- but ended up with a fast flow nipple- much too fast for our three week old.
first of all, it is so much more comfortable to hold compared to the dr. brown!
i went out today and bought 3 more of the 6 ounce bottles- they were the only size that came with the slow flow nipples.
we are going to keep the dr. brown bottles, but the playtex ventaires are our new go to bottles!
from what i've seen, there are basically 3 methods used to eliminate/reduce gas in bottles: collapsible liners, one-way vents, and open airways.
we've tried various brands that use all 3 methods.
these bottles are an example of one-way vents - the base is designed to let air flow in but prevent fluid from flowing out in the opposite direction.
they do an ok job preventing bubbles in the formula, but they have two main problems: 1) they tend to leak if you don't assemble correctly, and also if shaken or if the membrane becomes a bit worn.
this means a slight resistance to your baby's suckling effort.
the last thing you want when addressing any feeding problem is resistance to your baby's suckling.we found the most effective feeding design is the open airway used by dr browns bottles.
my baby is breastfed but i sometimes substitute a bottle (with breastmilk) to help with the transition for when i go back to work in another couple of weeks.
reviews are generally made up of personal experiences so mine can be significantly different than yours.
we purchased these when our son was about a month old.
he had colic and gas problems even after we switched him to gentle ease formula, we had to give him gas drops after every feeding and sometimes it did not help.
little tip rince them out after each use and rince other dishes well when washing in the dishwasher togather because they will discolor.
i switched to the playtex ventaire system, which costs considerably less, and found my solution.
in short, our feeding experience underwent drastic improvement upon switching to ventaire bottles.
furthermore, even though we had been breastfeeding before, my son made a seamless transition to ventaire with no trouble at all.the only hitch with the ventaire bottles is you will find that some (not all) of the nipples have very small holes and so the milk flows too slowly, if at all.one last note.
the ventaire bottles have a slimmer profile and are much lighter to pack and store.every baby's needs are different and you've got to pick the system that works best for the both of you.
for our particular situation, ventaire was the best possible choice.
i read the reviews saying that you could &#34;actually hear the air escaping from the bottle!&#34; this is not the case.1.
there were so many bubbles in the bottle from her drinking that i was afraid it was going to give her gas not help stop gas.2.
to heat up the drop in bottles i would warm up a cup of water in the microwave and drop the bottle into it.
my son prefers these bottles over any of the others that we have.
all the pieces can be a pain in the butt, but the bottle flows well & has a sleek design.
i've used these bottles with my first born(6 years ago) and was very happy to see they're the same great quality now that i have another newborn.
i started to prefer these bottles when my daughter was born in 2005.
i've had 2 more children (one in 2008 and the other in 2012), and each time we will try out different (and pricier) options before confirming once again, these are the bottles  we prefer.
my infant easily goes back and forth from this bottle to breast.you will have to disassemble these down to clean them properly.
i continue to purchase these for my son.
this set comes with three bottles, nipples and caps., and is perfect from about four months on.
these are the only bottles my son will use and of course this design is discontinued.
i took away a star because i got a pack with 3 pink bottles.
figures.
i can't win.
however the angle does make it easier for her to hold up.all in all, i'm glad to have found a bottle she can take, but i wish it was one that wasn't so much work.edit (one month later)i have found that now that she takes the medium flow, i do not have to let the bottle vent anymore.
we bought the slow flow nipples separately so maybe the venting system works along with the nipple flow?
we started with the playtex nurser bottles.
so i bought this ventaire because it has a smaller nipple and is good for gas.
well babies don't suck that way.
they suck at the wider part, naturally.
but it works perfectly now...no gas, no sucking problems.
these are the only bottles my baby will take without gagging or choking on the nipple.
these bottles are wonderful.
they are easy to clean.only complaint i have is that traditional bottle warmers don't work well with these because the bottoms are removeable.
these bottles are well made to stand up to the constant use of a newborn.
the bent shape make it comfortable to use while feeding and the ease of transferring nipples will make for good swaps if your baby is particularly bite-y.
however, we bought playtex bottles for the first 2 kids.
when the baby drinks her milk out of the bottle, pressure builds up inside.
that in turn makes it hard for the baby to continue drinking.
this is definitely recommended.
we prefer this set for kids 1 year and older, versus the bulky infant ones, as the kids can actually hold the bottle themselves.
the nipple use to come close and stop the flow of milk.
but these bottle are amazing.
suddenly the day i used this bottle, she drank 6 oz at once.
being a new parent, i was not sure which bottles to use.
i originally registered for (and received) the avent bottles.
her baby suffered from acid reflux and this bottles worked great for him.
every bottle i bought was a newborn bottle- with newborn nipples ( i double and triple checked), but for some reason they all had different flows!
it was always a guessing game with these bottles.
they cost about 99 cents each.they work great.
the design of this bottle is unusual.
the ventaire system is interesting, and i am surprised at how well it works - when it works.this bottle is very picky, when it works it works great, but there are a couple of situations where this bottle has issues.
the bottom of the screw cap and the latex vent disk must be 100% dry for the bottle to work.
if the vent disk or screw cap are the slightest bit wet, it will create a suction and the air will not vent properly.
for me, sometimes i need to warm a bottle and sometimes i haven't had time to wash ahead of time.
we tried them at three months with a fast flow nipple, because we have the comotomo bottles with fast flow nipples.
they are easy to take apart and put back together, and went through the dishwasher without any performance issues too.
we have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work.
the work as advertised,  allowing air to replace the milk volume a the baby eats....removing the vacuum pressure from the bottle.cons:_you can't warm a bottle in hot water, since the bottom isn't water proof_more pieces to maker sure are clean, dry, and assembled correctlyi probably would not use one as a carry bottle,  but for filling right before using...other than that...my son sees to burp less with them, so they are working as advertised.
while those were once a massive improvement, ventaire is the newest texhnology for allowing better pressure equalization, and a more cormftable feeding experience for both mother an baby that more closely mimics the natural position of breastfeeding.
this is done by using specially angled bottles and the exlcusive ventaire disk system.
i'm pleased that they are making it clear that their bottles are bpa-free since that's an issue that now concerns most new parents or experienced parents with a new baby after a long time off bottle duty.i have read the complaints about the slow flow nipple and i have found that i did not encounter anywhere near the frustration others have reported.
i picked up some medium flow nipples locally and had some better success with them earlier on.
i had a difficult time finding them but i'm pleased to see that amazon carries all three nipple stages.
i warm the milk up from the refrigorator in the pumps packaging.
my baby (now 3 months old) would suck and suck and nothing came out.
while baby bottles with drop-in liners are convenient when traveling to see relatives and friends, these ventaire bottles work much better at home.likes:>innovative bottom vents (read instructions carefully) help reduce risks for gas, spit-up, and colic.
and 9oz.
sizes.dislikes:>babies' milk flow rate preferences vary widely so different flow speed (fast or slow) nipples may be required.>instructions warned, "do not microwave" to prevent uneven heating of milk which may cause injuries.
you can open both ends of the bottle.
i did not notice a huge difference in terms of less gas between this bottle and the dr. browns, which also do a great job with that.
although it is nice for cleaning purposes, if not put on well or too tightly they leak out of the bottom!
with that said, i am not sure it is worth the extra mess potential to be able to take it off for cleaning...that is what a bottle brush is for!
they are only slightly cheaper than dr. browns, so i would still opt for those over these playtex ventaire, but they are a great second option.
works perfectly!
my son can enjoy drinking without slurping, coughing and spitting.
super easy to use and clean.
nobody should use regular bottles when these are available.my son is almost 2 months old and likes the slow flow nipple quite well.
they work great now.
they are light and easy for him to hold, plus the tilted neck helps him get those last drops without frustration.
we usedplaytex drop-ins nursersfor the first few months, but after our son was drinking more than 4 oz at a time, we switched to the playtex ventaire.pros:- bottle is curved so baby can drink sitting up- doesn't leakcons:- air still comes back in through the nipple when my son quits drinking (this happens with both medium and fast flow nipples) - if this is a problem for you, use the drop-in system instead.- extra pieces take a little more time to clean and reassemble bottle
these are great but the aware that they have fast flow nipples.
the bottles were great--durable and well-made.
we used them throughout her "bottle-hood"--for over a year.
no problems.however, we began using these again with our second child.
so we had to use sharpie pens to mark the ounces.
and within 3 months, they began to leak.
we bought about 20 bottles...from a various number of stores.
while the "we take away the air from your baby" claim is probably just marketing hype -- and an invitation to a class-action someday??
finding the right nipple, then, is the challenge.
luckily, the ventaire uses the standard american nipple size so you have lots of choices (unlike, say, the british avent).
these bottles work nice and are a good option to try for babies who are having problems with fussiness or gas.
(we also use the doctor brown bottles).
the vent in the bottom of the bottle makes it very easy for baby to extract milk.
the flow is fast and furious which is good if your baby has trouble feeding from non-vented bottles.
the nipples are basically the same and my baby has no preference.
i prefer the wide version because it is shorter (&lt;7") which makes it easier to fit into wall cabinets.as far as reducing gas, i haven't noticed any difference between these bottles andthe first years breastflow bottlewhich i also use.
i typically prefer the first years bottle because of the slower flow.
my favorite part about these bottles are the nipples.
they are wide and a tad bit short and my babies latched wonderfully to these nipples.
*the slow flow nipple is very slow.
the medium flow nipple is great at about 4 months, with just formula, no cereal.
*the fast flow nipple is amazing!
it works great on the dr browns bottles too (vent aire nipples are my choice for dr browns bottles.
cereal come through the fast flow nipple perfectly with no cutting of the nipple.these bottles are much easier to clean than dr brown's, and they provide the same fluid flow as dr brown's without having to deal with the middle insert of the dr brown's.the cap on these bottles "touches" the top of the nipple and therefore the bottles do not leak while in the diaper bag.
so i have to pre mix the formula and then pour into the bottles.
i chose to exclusively bottle feed with both my children, i have a 2 1/2 year old girl and a 3 month baby boy.
we never warmed formula so i wasn't aware of the issues others have stated with not being able to microwave or whatever, and since the dishwasher sterilizes, we didn't use a separate sterilizer either.
with my daugher we did try the wide playtex bottles as well as the avent but with both, the milk flowed out of the sides of her mouth so we switched to the standard.i would definitely recommend these bottles in the standard, seems to fit their little mouths perfectly.
i can say they are much more comfortable in your hand than the avent bottles.
also, the price can't be beat!
her response was good and she told me the best feature is the micro-channel vent technology that keeps air at the back of the bottle rather than mixing it with the milk.
i switched to these bottles after using very basic style bottles (similar to the style of bottle and nipple used in the hospital with my daughter) when noticing my daughter was having more difficulty controlling the milk flow and subsequently choking - of note, my daughter was born very premature and took some time to learn how to eat properly.
assembly is simple, but in order for the vent to work 100%, the parts must be bone dry, the silicone vent must sit on the bottom perfectly and screwed on tight, and the nipple part pulled tightly against the ring to ensure no leaks.
these bottles are wonderful and well accepted as an "alternative".
we usually use the wide.
he didn't like the tiny nipples at all.
those, stick a rag in, use a bottle brush, boom, they're clean.
these, search for every nook and cranny.- both wide and standard could be improved by another measurement scale showing the remaining milk when feeding.
these bottles suck!
they are a huge pain to use.
for one you can't use a bottle warmer (the water seeps up into bottle).
the wide version of this is the first bottle we tried with our then-3-week-old baby.
these are great for bigger feedings.
i have bought 3 of these bottles.
not true.
i will not buy again, switched to drop-ins.
two years later, still have them.
they are good quality and durable.
as a first time mommy, i researched everything on amazon.com before i bought my baby stuff.
sizes of different bottle brands to see which one my newborn would like best and finally narrowed it down to this playtex ventaire standard 6 oz.
like any brand of bottle, perhaps purchase a single bottle before going with the 3-pack to see if it works well for you and baby.
in my case, these worked perfectly.
since we figured that out, these bottles have been perfect.
i highly recommend it.
many used and recommended playtex ventaire baby bottles.
sarah listened, starting out with the ventaire newborn bottle gift set (wide bottles & nipples).
she also has these standard bottles (slimmer bottle/nipples).
sarah finds them easier to clean; baby likes the nipple shape better.
my seven-month-old has been bottle fed since about 1-week-old.
we started with the playtex drop-ins.
the bottom has a seal in it that pops out easily and is simple to clean.
my son is a medium-flow bottle eater.
he moved up to the medium at 2.5 months, but i don't see him moving up any time soon.
i would prefer they come with medium since that would be used more frequently to begin with when moving up to the larger bottles.overall, a great bottle.
she calls them a "high tech" bottle and loved the way they prevented her newborn from gulping too much air.
we have tried all kinds of bottles and these ones work the best for our little one.
and at $24 for 3 bottles, i'm sure there is a better option.
i've tried a lot of the other baby bottles: dr. brown, nuk, tommee tippee, born free, & avent.these playtex ventaire are by far my favorite!
i put these bottles in between the regular bottles and the dr. brown bottles.
the vents i feel do help with the baby ingesting air but these bottles are no where close to competing with the dr. brown bottles.
the downfall of the dr. brown bottles is the cleanup of them.
i like these bottles, they are the only ones my son will accept right now.
i tired the natural shape ventaire and my son didnt like those...
but thats ok..
he still loves these ones!
after trying many other brands and styles of bottles, my wife and i agree that the playtex ventaire are the best.less pieces than doc brown, excellent venting system, inexpensive nipples to replace as your baby grows and you need higher flow.
my favorite bottles.
my son had belly issues with gas before we started using these.
i like that the bottles is angled and that helps with gas.
the bottle is nicely shaped for good flow to the nipple and into the baby's mouth with out much air.
they have a nice slow flow, and provide the "air vents" at the bottom.however, i must note that those vents are like 99% gimmick.
add the fact that you virtualy never hear any air come out of it, and you get the idea.the shape is nice, especially if your baby has trouble holding down the food and you have to feed them in a more upright position.overall a nice baby bottle for your baby.highlights:- convenient shape- slow flow (pro or con depending on what you want)- ventaire system a gimmick
pissed is an understatement.
they are a natural shape and make it easy to feed the child.
the ventaire system does significantly reduce the amount of bubbles, which means less gas, burps and a happier baby.
i highly recommend.
unlike the previous review we loved these bottles, and yes we have a baby that spits up alot and the bottles do make the difference.
our son loves these bottles, they help on the gas and the spitting up and he is able to latch on and drink with no major effort.
we also love having a different choice of nipple sizes.
both of my children were given ceral bottles at young ages by there doctors and with my first we had to poke hole in the nipple and hope it worked.
with my son we are able to buy stage 2 nipples and not owrry about him getting too much formula too fast.
i experienced no leaking with these, and my son seemed fine with using them.
we have a four-month-old daughter who has been using playtex ventaire standard bottles for the past month with notable success.
they have worked nicely for the following reasons:1.
(in both cases, this refers to the slow flow nipple variety for each bottle.)2.
i loved these bottles with my first child.
i nursed my son and then pumped when i had to return back to work.
two years later, i got them back out for our second child and he has no difficulty.
they are also all dishwasher safe.
plus for some reason my husband and mother has trouble with the bottle themselves leaking.
her daughter does great on the avent and doesn't leak....our daughter does great with the vent aire and does not leak.
but, these are great.
she manges to keep it all in her mouth and she doesn't fill up with air.
they work well for our gassy twins, who also have acid reflux.
these are perfect for out needs!
i'm bit sure if they make slow flow.
overall, my favorite out of the ones listed below.dr.
they also fit with my medela pumping stuff, which is nice.medela: these are my least favorite.
these bottles are incredible :) they are so easy to clean, you just take both ends off and they clean up so nice.
love love love :)
we switched to using almost allplaytex ventaire advanced standard bottles 9-ounce, 3 pack (colors vary)as our main bottle.
they have the best price for stage two nipples, since they are not offered here on amazon unfortunately.good luck, hope this helps.
we love these.
its ok i dont prefer them to tommie tip bottles but good for the price.
try different nipple.
just find what works for you.
but then i got the stage 2 nipple and it works great!
it says fast flow but i would say it is medium.
the best part is the removable bottom which really lets you get in there easily to wash them out.
the seals have held fine after many washes.
the one that controls gas and colic.
the one that doesn't leak.
my son is 1, and my only regret is that i didn't buy these sooner.
i wish we'd used these bottles from the very beginning-- through my sons severe reflux and all!!
i love these bottles.
they are not my favorite kind, but i am very pleased with them.
my daughter burps and spits up much less, which makes the both of us much more happy!
the actual bottles are wonderful, but the nipples they come with are impossible!
i loved these bottles.
my son used them for the whole duration.they were super easy to clean and that is such a plus!
a couple years ago, we bought a lot (probably more than we really needed) of baby bottles that all offered different options.
slight dripping isn't entirely unusual with other bottles, as the glass bottles we got would actually drip where the nipple would screw on.
i love these bottles.
my baby loves them as well just because they are easy to grab and the curved bottle helps in getting all the milk.
cleaning is bit painful as you have to remove all these attachments, but considering the benefits i don't mind some extra work.
i think these leaked significantly less than comparable models.
the wide mouth bottles fit perfectly across two tines of the middle level rack in our miele dishwasher and the nipples, gaskets and bottom fit in the top utensil tray.
also the wide mouth is *much* easier to fill with powder to make formula than the narrow bottles and i have space to swirl the formula to mix it (limiting the introduction of bubbles) without needing a spoon when i'm out or in a hurry.
i recommend them for their price and ease of use, but warn that they can leak.
we initially bought the 6 oz size.
imho spare the hassle and just buy the bigger size since the kid will outgrow the small size within a couple of months.
first and foremost i love that these are bpa free.
this is a decent sized bottle.
we are definitely loving the angled bottles vs the straight bottles.
i prefer the ventaire bottles with the wider nipple bases.
these are easy to use and wash, they make my baby less gassy, and she can hold the bottle if i need her to.
i still prefer the wider bottles, though, since she is generally breastfed.
bottles are a babies personal preference.
my child is breastfed, and occasionally receives a bottle.since all babies are different it sometimes takes a few bottles to figure out which work the best for your kid.we started out with dr. browns, and they made my daughter gassy.
they're also impressively cheap and very easy to find.if you're searching for a great bottle, try this one!
these bottles are working great for my both 19 and 5th months.
my daughter is one year old & these have turned out to be my bottle of choice.
i have all kinds, medela, medela calma & dr. brown's both big & small but these just work great.
the size is perfect, big enough but not huge, the shape is easy for her to hold herself even when the milk is getting low and she is tired.
i can actually see how the bottles are reducing air intake whereas the other ones seem more like a gimic and their anti-colic mechanisms are not readily apparent.
and if my son is comfortable, definitely worth it!
the best!
i love that you can use eth same bottles with different flow rates.
easy for my son to hold on his own.
once i have had time to assess the prevention of colic, gas and ear aches, i will update this post.
minus a little fading, these bottles look new and the parts still work well.
i put these bottles on my gift registry because of the air flow idea.
keeps gas at a minimum and are easy to prep.
these are great bottles.
i got them for my great-grand son who is due in march.
mother was very pleased to receive such good bottles.
in my opinion, there are better bottle options out there.
however, if all parts are together, it works great.
it is a pain to wash... with all the pieces and everything... because if you're not careful and don't remove each piece, you will get mold under that bottom platic piece.
they are wonderful.
no other ones work for our daughter.
i bought this to use as a nursing footstool and i love it.
it's the perfect size and shape, it has a cozy pocket for my feet, and its lightweight enough to kick out of the way if i need to get up in a hurry.
highly recommended!
i haven't seen anything else like this and it is just perfect for my small nursery.
also easy to tote around.
i highly recommend it.
this works pretty well - we needed a small footstool because we bought a glider without one due to the fact that our nursery is tiny.
this works just fine.
in spite of this, though, it still works just fine.
but again, this is only a minor annoyance.
the price alone is why we aren't giving more stars.
it is super comfortable on your feet and a great height for nursing.
really happy with this!
i live in an nyc apt where space is at a premium.
this was a perfect alternative for us!
i had to stop using a previous nursing stool when my baby started to crawl and cruise.
he often climbed up on it while playing and i was afraid he'd hurt himself on the sharp corners.
it is soft, perfectly angled for nursing, and the cozy place for your feet is an added bonus!
well, it is great.
so great i bought a second one for the living room so i could stop carting it around everytime i wanted to breastfeed someplace other than the nursery.
but surprisingly, it has become a nursery toy!
now that she is crawling, she loves climbing on it.
and because it is so soft i'm completely comfortable with it.
sometime's i turn it over, lay her belly down on the flat side and rock her back and forth a little on it.mine did start of look a little dingy after some use - and who has time to wash these when you are washing all those newborn clothes.
i love the idea of this sling and it is sturdy and attractive, but my 10 week old son just cannot get comfortable in it.
email me at:  jul262003@yahoo.com
not great to lay your infant inside, but ok if you leave it closed and slide it under baby for extra support.
i was excited when my husband brought it home since i had read some good reviews, however after placing my son in it his chin was on his chest and not comfortable for him at all.
also the material was  in his face.
i gave it a 2 since it is stylish & i hope it works in a few weeks when my son can hold his head up and he can sit in it...we'll see.
i went with a new native pouch and i love it!!!!
i love that most people don't realize i'm holding a baby when wearing it -- this makes nursing even more discreet than in a normal sling as you don't draw attention from people wanting to see the baby.
my 2 mo.
we loved it and so did our son.
now that my younger son is 5 mounths, i don't use it anymore.
my grand daughter loves this set.
the colors are bright and fun and just the right size for your hand.
the brush has soft bristles, both are brightly colored, cute design on both the brush and comb.
i have used both the brush and the comb on our newborn.
the bristles on the brush are so soft, he likes the massage, and it helps rid his head of the cradle cap.
the comb is also soft, i certainly wouldnt violently run it through my newborns scalp, but with a gentle stroke it works just fine!
i love this set, and the kids love to look at one while i brush their hair with the other, super adorable.
looks cute and colorful.
comb bristles are way thin/sharp/hard for adults, let alone a baby.
what can i say...cute as a bug...price was great, they are very cute, perfect for my grandchild (bedroom decorated in ladybugs)
my daughter loves to play with these, but the bristles are a bit hard.
i like to use a little softer brush on her baby hair.
this is perfect to use on my 1 year old great grandson.
he loves that it looks like a ladybug and worm and it works great on his hair.
they are both well made and in pretty colors.
these spouts are great... they don't leak and they come apart for easy cleaning.they fit perfectly in klean kanteens, too!
the straw cups without valves worked ok for her, but sometimes she would suck up too much and it would go down the wrong pipe.these spouts were perfect for playful drinking, but she would not take large amounts.
if it works, then buy more sets online.
you will know within days if your child will take to it.
they are probably a good option to convert your bottles into sippy cups, but my son did not like them.
avent cups and spouts are my favorite.
they are very easy to clean and they do not leak if you use them correctly (do not fill to much the cups and do not fill with sparkling beverages.
i bought 2 avent bottles for our son to use while my mom watched him for our anniversary.
i bought these guys & the handles.
our son loves the handles, but has really struggled with the spout.
i eventually caved & bought 2 nuby 2 handle cups with soft spouts.
the avents *always* align.
these create lots of tiny bubbles that my son swallows when he drinks from this top.
love these cups and was pleased to be able to find replacement spouts.
thanks
we inherited the avent bottle from friends and this transition option is a great idea.
we started our son off with the soft spouts without the flange at 6mth.
easy to clean and my kids love them.
great design avent!
i just wish i picked a different color because the white can get stained when you give baby a drink after eating baby food.
my son is still chewing too much for the green spouts--hello, toothmarks!
i actually bought them to go in my klean kanteen sippy top, and of course they're perfect for that.
our daughter uses 2 sippy cups a day.
there are slits in the ends of these valves that allow them to both keep a seal & to allow the liquid the flow.
found these online, ordered them, and sure enough they fit perfect and the sippy cups are good as new again!
these fit our cups just fine.
the replacement package is essential but are  not easy to find in stores.
buying these lets me extend the life of all my son's sippys.
they work just as well as the one that came with the sippy cup and i am happy with the purchase.
after many trials and errors with other sippy cups we came across the platex brand.
super awesome saved us from wasting perfectly good cups!
delivered as promised.
(thanks to our garbage disposal!)
these work wonderfully!!!
we just needed replacements for our sippy cups.
these work great.
great to be able to purchase replacements.
we are getting years of use between children with playtex sippy cups!
they are by far our favorite kiddie cups!
always need these.
i love that playtex offers replacements, since our other brand cups don't.
they fit just right, allowing flow without leaking.
after looking at several different variations my husband and i decided to go with this one.
this works great in our master bath since we have an oversized tub and i need the added height this kneeler provides to reach/bathe my baby.
unfortunately, we have a really deep tub, so the sides are tall and the cute little piece in between the elbow pad and mat isn't long enough.
but, this item was absolutely indispensable when i was first home and recovering from my c-section!
this item is a great idea.
we got this for the upcoming arrival of our daughter.
it is awesome!
there is a hard plastic honey comb underneath it and hard plastic surrounding it that force you to put your elbows into two tiny areas or risk severe pain from the plastic.
i don't regret my purchase because of the stool which works really great.
the kneeler is not very sturdy.
also, the construction of the item is not very sturdy.
my post baby weight was over 200lbs, if you are over 200 lbs, this is not for you.
what a blow to the postpartum ego.
this kneeler & step stool thing looks great.
i registered and received this monitor as a shower gift.
within the first month of use the hand-held audio only monitor broke.
the camera is kind of a pain, though.
the image and sound are crystal clear and we dont ever get interfearance.
we got one but never used it since he was in our room the first 3 months and now i can hear him breathing on the sights and sounds monitor.
the camera works great and the picture is clear.
the handheld unit works great throughout the house (3600sqft)although it doesnt work if i go out in the driveway, i bought a cheap $20 one that takes care of that.
purchased 6 months ago/broke down 01/30/05 okay!
it work great!
there are many questions in regards to interference with cordless phone and such.
i have a panasonic 2.4 ghz phone system (4 units) in my home, a wireless internet connection, and many other technical items, and have no interference.
the picture is not snowy.
the night vision element works fine.
it is nice to be able to see baby.
overall, i am happy with this monitor and glad that i can see my son now without having to go into his room and wake him up to check on him.
update:  i first reviewed this item back in april 2005, when my daughter was 4 months old.
she is now 15 months old and the monitor is still working prefectly well.
we keep the monitor turned on throughout the night and while our daughter takes naps.
the picture is clear and the contrast options allows for the brightness of the monitor to be adjusted at night.
we don't use this anymore because my daughter is a toddler but we used it since the day my daughter was born and we brought her home from the hospital.
no slouching, very comfy and cozy - a definite must buy for any baby shower.
awesome.
yeah kiddopotamus!!
i like the touch of it but i have to return it .
i love the snuzzler.
works great!
keeps your newborn warm and cozy - not to mention a better fit in their carseats.
my daughter who's only 2 weeks old, looks very comfortable in her car seat.
you won't regret it!
plus you can also use this in your stroller and/or bouncers!
this item was very very handy for my little baby - she was only 6 lbs 14 oz at birth and grew slowly due to a heart condition.
my daughter loves it!
the snuzzler is the perfect accessory for an infant car seat, especially for newborns and preemies.
the snuzzler is reversable for summer or winter and is adjustable as the baby grows.
it is also important to note that the snuzzler meets all official flammability requirements.
i have liked this item and have used it in my jogging stroller to give my little one some extra support in the seat.
my son was a big baby, checking in at over 9 pounds and 22 inches, but the headrests that came with the carseat still didn't offer enough support.
my son is almost 8 weeks old, so we tried taking it out of our carseat and just using the headrest that came with the carseat.
our son is 5 days old and we have used the snuzzler in his carseat and his bouncer.
it supports his head beautifully.
the fleece side helps keep him warm.
our little girl was born small, only 6lbs 2oz and it held her perfectly!
btw it washed beautifully and still looks brand new.
the warm fuzzy side seems to keep her very cozy in our cold weather.
she is almost 15 pounds now and we are still using it.snuzzler provides the ultimate support and "hugs" the baby in all the right places, so the little one feels secure and comfortable.
we also use one in the stroller - for extra padding.
this is a must have for baby during the first 6-8 weeks.
it is fast and works great!
we've taken it out of town several times.
plus, it doesn't leak!
we take it when we travel and it is quite helpful since we do not have to leave our room in the middle of the night to warm a bottle.
if your baby is hungry they want to eat now and don't want to wait for a bottle to warm up in this thing.
so far we use it daily and it's always heated consistantly and quickly (1-2 mins max).
i still always shake the bottle and check the temp before giving it to my son!
my son screams waiting for the warmer to get done.
it is a nice warmer though and i would recommend it to others just as long as their baby is patient enough to wait the minute or mintue and a half that it takes to warm up the bottle.
this is a wonderful must-have.
we simply pour the water into the warmer unit, put in a bottle, and while we are changing her diaper, the bottle is heating.
by the time we are done changing her diaper, the bottle is ready.
we have used this warmer every day since our baby was a few weeks old and we love it.
it heats the bottles to the right temp fast very fast.
easy to use.
keeps the bottles cool to you are reasy for them.
this is a great item for nighttime feedings.
it holds 2 bottles.
because my son actually needs 3 bottles during the night, i use a insultated bottle tote to hold his bottles.
i know everything warns you not to use the microwave but it works just fine and is much quicker.
it takes a little bit of time to warm up, but does a good job.
but once that is done it is great.
it makes a sizzling sound, but you get used to it and now my son waits for the bottle to warm up and looks at it eagerly, but doesn't cry.
plus, there's nothing taking up counter space.
the nightlite does not provide just enough glow to prepare bottles in the dark - you will break something if you rely on their light.
during my first pregnancy i received a night and day bottle warmer as a gift.
there are not too many models out there.it is a very simple to use and set up.
there are a couple of different basket holders.
you find the size bottle you are using and what type.
you fill the water to the number on the water holder.when you want to warm a bottle you dump the water into the warmer place the bottle in and hit the button.
button will glow orange as it warms.
i never received a written response but a week later a new cooler and water holder arrived in the mail.the night and day bottle warmer is a must have for families that have 2 story homes or very large homes.
it is my favorite!
how nice it is to walk into the nursery, take a bottle from the cooler, put it in the warmer, change baby and feed her...all in good time, without leaving upstairs!
i don't feel the need to move the warmer from the nursery during the day because i take baby there to change her before all her feedings anyway.
well...i too read all the reviews for this item, registered for it, and received it as a gift.
well...we found absolutely no use for it.
this has been one of the best gifts that we received for our son!
this item is a lifesaver.
even with just the light of a nightligt, it is easy to use.
this ease of use means that we can complete the feeding and get back to sleep in minimum time.
i love the safety feature of the auto shut-off and you will be amazed at just how quickly it works.
little did i know, this bottle warmer works well with avent bottles as well.
with the night & day bottle & food warmer i don't have to worry about anything.
help!!!
we bought this anticipating my husbands on-call performances at night time with our second child (my first was up every 2 - 3 hours for a few months and daddy got the midnight slot).
my children are 12 years apart and i wish they would have had this item with my first.
it is so easy to use and makes those middle of the night feedings just a little more tolerable.
no complaints.
a bottle warmer has many uses.
it takes not quite 2 minutes from refridgerator to warm.
it is much easier just to the bottle in a glass on warm water
i got this because i knew eventually i'd have to warm bottles even though i am breastfeeding.
any time we have a sitter we make sure they use this as well.it is so easy and so great to use.
ok this item is something that has made life so much easier for us.
all these bottles warmed up quickly, quietly and beautifully in this warmer.
they are much softer than silicone nipples, which allows for an easier transition.
i recommend these to everyone with a baby!
my son liked this until his preference for regular size nipple.
they aren't snooty like dr. browns or the glass ones, but like i and so many of my mama friends have discovered, the reason your moms used them on you and they are still available is because they work and work well.
and thank me later.
a nipple our breastfed baby likes!
this was our 6th bottle/nipple to try on our daughter who refused to take the bottle.
and the whole playtex system is so easy and convenient to use.
one dripped at about 3-4 drops per second.
the drop-in bags turned out to be a great benefit of the bottles also.
we went through numerous different bottle/nipple combinations before finally settling on playtex drop-in nursers and these latex nipples.
now every baby is different so this may not be the magic combination for you, and even now she still has her days when she'll reject the bottle, but this was a great solution for us.
i have used them for 3 kids now and this last time about a third of the nipples we bought were defective, which was disappointing.the flow is between a slow and a medium in the playtex silicone ones so the label of &#34;fast flow&#34; is a bit off.
i used these with my now 3 year old b/g twins and my now 8 month old b/b twins.
my boys still use these, though now we also mix in some other cheaper bottles and use these mainly for bedtime.
these are the first ventaire bottles i've used, and i'm impressed!
the air bubbles really do vent out!
my baby wasn't too great about taking a bottle before, but he actually started drinking from these.
i like the angled shape of the bottle because it makes for a more comfortable feeding.the one draw back to these bottles is that there are two extra parts to clean.
great bottles, no air at all!
i love these bottles.
if you get this brand of bottle, you'll only be able to use the corresponding parts.for us it's no biggie, it works the best and has so far proven to be a pretty decent investment.
my little one really got angry over the slow flow of the stage one nipples.
my wife and i have been using the avent bottles with our first child, and have been very happy with them.
high quality, durable, and has a wide nipple so our daughter can go back and forth from bottle to breast.
this one is more natural to other bottles we have used before and also the ventaire technology is simple yet amazing.
easy cleaning, allows for breastfeeding moms to store milk and many other advantages you'll find as you use them.highly recommend these bottle to everyone.
also a great gift for a new mommy to be.
i use only these with both of my children.
if you are looking for a slow flow bottles, those are the ones.
my son is taking good to them, and they work very well in a bottle warmer.
i use them at home but would not be confident traveling with them.
i highly recommend these if you are looking for a wider nipple and something that is easy to clean but will still prevent airflow to your child.
but they are a good well-designed bottle that our daughter likes.
they are different then most bottles as there is not only the nipple and nipple ring on top but 2 pieces on the bottom that comprise the 'ventaire' system.
it helps for these as well although it is not essential as it is for regular bottles.
if you are willing to keep track of a couple or more pieces per bottle as a good trade off for the 'ventaire' system then these are a good bottle choice.
these bottles were originally recommended to me by a lactation consultant.
lactation consultant recommended the slow flow nipple and said to never change them to faster ones.i work full time and it was important that my baby be fed the milk i pumped at work.
these bottles are very easy to clean and very easy to use.
i read some of the reviews and those that complain about these bottles leaking probably tend to over tighten the caps.
highly, highly recommended.
nothing out of the ordinary, but still a good bit.
two pieces go together at the bottom, and 3 at the top.
the "fast" nipple is very fast.
i would prefer and in between.
if you put cereal in the bottle, the fast nipple is perfect for that.
even my husband is happy with them.
i bought the wide ones so i can easily switch the nipples to my drop-ins bottles.
the only thing with these is one of them leaks a tiny bit.
when i shake up the bottle to mix the formula, sometimes drips go flying.
they worked great, so when purchasing bottles for our second child, i went ahead and purchased a full set of the ventaire wide (6 of the 6oz and 4 of the 9oz) along with extra nipples and discs.
our new little one is 2 weeks old and i've had numerous issues with these bottles.
i frequently have to replace the top or bottom of the bottle to find a combination that works.
i'm going out to purchase a couple of different bottles to see if we  can find one that works better for us.
this is great when i'm out and about without my bottle brush.- the shape of the bottle is easy for me to hold and for the baby too although the 9 oz size is very unwieldy for young babies.- dishwasher safe!cons:- water will get into the bottom cap if you warm your bottles in water (but once you realize that it's easy to shake it out).- can't tell if the bottle cuts down on burping and gas.- i wish this set came with an extra vent disk and nipple like the multi-size set.
i don't particularly understand the technology behind this model of baby bottles, but i do know that i see plenty of bubbles end up in the bottles while feeling my daughter.
they are always at the nipple of the bottle.
i notice the same amount of burping and fussiness regardless of whichever bottle i use.
i own 3 sets of these bottles, bought at 3 different times and three different places, and i haven't had a bit of trouble with any of them.
i started out using the playtex disposables with the natural shape nipple while breastfeeding - and they were great - but when i started the transition to formula gas became more of an issue for my baby.
my best friend and my sister swore by these.
(they both hated the avent ones.)
i switched back to the stage 2 nipples.
but, i have used these bottles all day, every day for at least 6 months now, and they are holding up beautifully.
if they aren't what you or the baby likes you can return the starter pack and get the ones that work for you.
smart cookie.
we have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work.
the work as advertised,  all we have a 3 month old that is now being introduced to bottles now that my wide is returning to work.
the work as advertised,  allowing air to replace the milk volume a the baby eats....removing the vacuum pressure from the bottle.cons:_you can't warm a bottle in hot water, since the bottom isn't water proof_more pieces to maker sure are clean, dry, and assembled correctlyi probably would not use one as a carry bottle,  but for filling right before using...other than that...my son sees to burp less with them, so they are working as advertised.
anyways, great brand.
i \have to shove the bottle into her mouth to prevent spilling which is not fun.
will try the standard bottles since the ventaire system does seem to work.
highly recommend buying online from amazon the prices in the store are a lot higher these are good bottles cause you can actually hear the air coming out bottom less colic, and you can take them apart so your getting a cleaner bottle and can order different flow nipples .
recommend this item .
the wide mouth style was super easy to clean.
the baby easily took to the nipples.the only complaint i had was that all the bottles came with fast flow nipples.
if you're buying these for a small baby, you will likely need to replace them with slower flow nipples to start with.
we love these bottles!
the stores in our area sell only the stage 2 vent aire natural shape nipples.
the regular stage 1 vent aire nipples are too small for these bottles.
still, i'd recommend these bottles highly.
bought these because my boy has acid reflux and is supposed to eat upright.
do not buy.
its not convinient to constantly breast-feed and these bottles are perfect.
the nipple on this bottle is so "real" and is the only one my boy will use.
these are truely great bottles, and they dont leak either!
also very easy to clean.
i purchased these bottles and i love them!
first of all, you must make sure that the bottom of the bottle is secured tightly, and that the disk is put in correctly for you to get the advantages of the vent system.
i found them at bru)).all in all great bottles, highly recommended!
my son is 3 months old and from birth has been extremely gassy.
these would make a great shower gift as you get three neutral colored bottles and they are nine ounces which as all you good mommies know is the perfect size!
these are awesome!
now that is easy if a man can figure out the fine art of bottle assembly and dissasembly.
overall, 5 stars
the vent in the bottom of the bottle makes it very easy for baby to extract milk.
the flow is fast and furious which is good if your baby has trouble feeding from non-vented bottles.
the nipples are basically the same and my baby has no preference.
i prefer the wide version because it is shorter (&lt;7") which makes it easier to fit into wall cabinets.as far as reducing gas, i haven't noticed any difference between these bottles andthe first years breastflow bottlewhich i also use.
i typically prefer the first years bottle because of the slower flow.
however, this may not be a problem once my baby gets bigger.overall, this is a fine baby bottle despite the minor drawbacks.
i got these because i babysit my nephew who is breast fed.
his mother started classes and is away for 9 hours a day.
i love these bottles.
my breastfed baby goes back and forth between the breast and the bottle so easily with these.
the shape is great for holding and the colors are nice and generic.highly recommended!
we've used these and the avent bottles.
we like both, but happen to use these more now because we lost our fast nipples for the avent.my little one is now 6 months old, and up until recently was both bottle and breastfed.
we tried her first bottle at about 4 weeks and she never had any trouble switching back and forth once i went back to work.
these have also seemed to work great for keeping down burps and spitup, and though there is one extra piece as compared to the avent, it's not a big deal and the pieces are all large enough that they don't fall through the weave in a bottle dishwasher basket.
(they also give you extras of the most easily lost part, the vent cover thing.
)we needed some more of the larger size bottles since she is now having 6oz per feeding, and putting 6 oz in the 6oz bottles is a bit tight.
with the extra time and energy that goes into cleaning them they are really worth it.
this is the only bottle/nipple our breastfed baby would take expressed breastmilk in.
these ones have no bubbles!
which means its probably better feeling for baby!
the size one flow is perfect for my son.
:-)
my experience with these bottles was overall great.
our daughter has never had any issues transitioning between breast and bottle.
playtex offers a variety of nipple (slow,medium,fast,variable,&cereal;) flows so it is easy to find a nipple flow that matches your flow :), also a very important factor when switching.
thanks amazon.
the set contains three nine ounce bottles with the fast flow nipple.
i have used bottles in the past that are not comfortable to hold, so i think it's worth mentioning that it fits nicely in your hand.when it comes to cleaning these bottles you can be sure you have every nook and cranny clean since it fully disassembles, but that also means that you have lots of pieces to keep tabs on.
the key is the wide nipples...
i had to buy the wide medium flow wide nipples and they work great).
good luck to you but definitely give these a try.
those are small problems though, i would still recommend using these bottles, my son loves drinking from them.
we are loyal to the soothie line of bottles and so forth, they have always worked well for us.
not playtex wide ventaire.
great if you are breastfeeding (wide nipple only).
:)
these bottles are perfect.
i love the shape of them because they are easy to hold.
these are pretty pastel colors and are easy to clean.
a must have for your baby!
my seven-month-old has been bottle fed since about 1-week-old.
we started with the playtex drop-ins.
these bottles are the perfect companion.
the bottom has a seal in it that pops out easily and is simple to clean.
they wash up quickly and i usually put them in my avent microwave sterilizer.my one complaint is that the bottles come with fast-flow nipples.
my son is a medium-flow bottle eater.
he moved up to the medium at 2.5 months, but i don't see him moving up any time soon.
i would prefer they come with medium since that would be used more frequently to begin with when moving up to the larger bottles.overall, a great bottle.
these were great at first, we loved the size and "tilt" feature.
dont use a bottle brush and put it through the bottom stopper... it can cause it to tear and leak.
so we have nine bottles and eight nipples.
parents in our parent's group seem to all use something different and they all seem happy with their choice whether it was the dr. browns, medela, etc.
i absolutely love these bottles.
it is the best bottle that i have ever seen.
our baby actually burps less using these than with breastfeeding.
there are multiple parts to wash but since they work so well i don't mind it at all.
i found the same results from avent bottles, but those cost more.
they have discolored greatly, yucky stuff was caked on inside the inner tubing, very hard to clean out, but most of all they constantly leaked after a month or two of owning.
the state 2 nipples are fast flow and for her were perfect.
of course flip a bottle upside down most will leak from the nipple.
it has a unique leak-proof bottom vent that controls bubbles and an angled 9-oz.
includes stage 2 fast flow nipples.
this is the only nipple my new baby likes.
ergonomically correct in shape.
easy for me to hold, and for the baby to hold as well.
since the bottle curves upwards, the weight of the bottle is dispursed centrally so the baby has an easier time holding it.4.
doesn't leak if you have it screwed on correctly.
ordered these bottles and am very happy with my purchase.
they ar bpa free and today that is a biggie.
i love the ventaire line of baby bottles but these are by far my favorite.
the wide bottle makes it easier for baby to hold on to while the feeder is also able to hold on to assist the baby.
we used these several years ago with our breatfed son and hated them.
with the old design, sometimes you still had to take the bottle from the baby to let the air catch up.
the bent shape is perfect - not too much, not too little.
babies will certainly voice their opinions, but if you're in need of something that helps eliminate air and potential gas, these may be a good choice.
it keeps air from her tummy and ventilates perfectly.
i've been using it since day one after being a nanny for many years and seeing how different bottles act differently.
the ventilation system helps keep my baby's acid reflux under control.
you don't have to use a bottle brush if you don't need to.
thanks playtex.
in addition to the nipple being good, they have the air reducer (attached to the bottom) that keeps her from getting gassy and helps keep the liquid in the bottle flowing smoothly without bubbling.
this set comes with 3 bottles and 3 nipples.
be aware the playtex nipples come in slow flow and fast flow.
this is a minor draw-back really as it only takes a moment to clean these, and i actually like that it allows me to get the bottle brush all the way through the body of the bottle and clean it thoroughly.
any bottle that does not have an opening at both ends really limits how clean you are able to get it.overall we are very happy with these - they're affordable and work very well for us - highly recommended.
they come in attractive colors, but most importantly, they are great for semi-upright feeding.
the angle of the bottle body actually does help reduce gas and spitups in my baby as claimed by the company.
these bottles are great for storing breastmilk or formula for quick feedings and the nipple shape is "natural" meaning it's more like the shape of a real nipple.
the caps for the bottles snap on really well and prevent spills if the bottle gets tipped over.although there are several parts to be cleaned after each use (the nipple, cap, vent disk, bottle body) all of the parts are easy to clean and can be sterilized safely using a microwave sterilizer.
i will never use any other bottle but these again!
slow flow nipples can be bought as an add-on item here, and i couldn't find slow flow nipples at any of my local stores.
as far as i can see, there aren't medium flow nipples for this bottle.
the two size option is good as your baby grows and his appetite follows.
must be completely disassembled.if you don't fit the rubber rings in to perfection, they leak.they don't always leak right away, so if you prep a bottle ahead of time, you may find it in the fridge seeping out everywhere.the rings break down after continued use and you will have to replace them.replacement rings are so hard to find and expensive that you're better off buying new bottles.the don't fit in any standard bottle holder because of their strange shape.they are incompatible with bottle warmers.i will continue to use these because my baby is almost off of bottles and they were really pricey to acquire, but i wouldn't endorse them highly.
the down side is there are 6 pieces per bottle, the upside is that they're easy to clean thoroughly
these are a nice shower gift because just about every new mom gets newborn-size breastfeeding bottles, but these are a great transition item (kind of like giving a new mom a size 6 months onesie, so she has more than just the first month covered).
the number of parts to clean is comparable to dr. brown's bottles, but dr. brown's bottles at least provides you with a cleaning brush to clean the interior nipple; with playtex, you're out of luck.
but they fit well into the hand and the angle is good.
all of the bottles out there have slightly different features.
we used many types of bottles with our first baby and he did have some colic problems, so we decided only to use playtex ventaire with our second baby.
these bottles were a gift at our baby shower.
use caution
i bought these bottles for my baby who is a big spitter.
these are great baby bottles.
9oz is a good size bottle for growing babies and their tremendous appetites.
after quite a few issues breastfeeding i went to multiple support group sessions in my county, all the lactation consultants recommended this bottle especially if you have to supplement or have other issues.my daughter at 4 months goes back and forth beautifully (great for a working mom!
this set is great for a baby that is a few months old and is drinking more.
i have the newborn playtex kit and continue to use the slow flow nipples because my baby is a fast eater and this helps her slow down.
the bottom of the bottle twists off and a rubber vent fits inside.
tiny holes in the bottom of the bottle allow air to escape, so your baby is not taking in extra air while eating.
very cool.the bottles are shaped with a angle which allows for mothers to hold the baby in a more upright position while eating.
it comes into narrow sides that the baby can grip when it is able.all of the bottles come with caps that fit very tightly, making transporting milk easier.
cleaning is easy, just twist off the top and bottom and remove the nipples and vents.
all parts have held up well through multiple washings.i would highly recommend these bottles.
these have been some of my favorite bottles that i've used with my son.
you do want to make sure that you've got all of the pieces attached correctly or they will leak.
i like that they are dishwasher safe and the 3 pack is a convenient size.
reviews on baby bottles are wide ranging.
what works for some babies doesn't always work for others.
slow / medium / fast nipples have brought our nine month old along perfectly.
dr. b best bottles ever specially for gassy babies.
this is an excellent product that works as advertised.
very pleased.
these come apart into 6 parts (including the cap)!
moms know that every minute counts when you have a little one and there are better options out there.
the right nipple, the right angle and right delivery all play into the success of the bottle.
and these fail on both those accounts.my baby needs to transition down the line to using a cup.
i bought 1 of these becasue my son used to use avents.
the bottle itself is fine.
i love these bottels.
after using glass bottles with a standard nipple for a few weeks, my baby decided that the nipple was to small.
these wide bottles are perfect for him as i am still nursing him while he is not at daycare.
highly recommended!
i'm glad i saved those because i couldn't stand these.
love that it comes in two colors, multiple sizes prepared,  and that you have a decent quantity included
i'm having a baby girl but wanted a different color since there is so much pink in her closet so didn't want any more pink.
i do enjoy this, as it enhances the organization of baby's closet.
now i can keep different sizes in the closet while staying organized.
i have to be honest.
very cute and organized according to size.
i will definitely purchase these for any future children i have, and continue to use them for many years to come.
keeps my daughters closet organized.
glad i got these with my first baby, because i will definitely be re-using for the next one.
great price and great for keeping the closet organized.
it comes with a pack of stickers that continue on in sizes way past the toddler years.
love it.
our 8 month daughter can wear various clothing pieces from "size 3 mos" up to "size 12 mos" depending on the brand/material/etc.
very easy to use, divides things nicely, and is a good quality product.
i am a organizer and these are perfect for organizing your childs closet!
simple....effective...nothing fancy...works fine for me!
nothing special about the dividers, but they do their job.i don't use the stickers on them so that i can reuse as the sizes get larger.
great for organizing clothes for a nursery.
a definite must for a nursery!
not essential, but i'm happy i bought them!
these work pretty well in my son's closet!
using these for a nursery.
with 3 boys close in age who all share one closet, these organizers are a must!
i purchased the baby buddy size-it closet organizers in royal blue.1.
color - the color is rich and very noticeable hanging in the closet.2.
this ensures that these organizers will be useful for many years, as once child outgrows a certain size, that organizer can be recycled into the next size up.4.
love this.
my husband was getting confused in my baby's closet whenever he had to get clothe for her and this helps him differentiate the different size clothe.
they're great!
great deal!
i've been using them since we started my son on solids and love them.
i also love the color variety of spoons it comes with!
these are wonderful baby spoons.
just the right size for littlest mouths.
i wash them in the dishwasher without issues.
but as to &#34;toss&#34; i find washing and keeping a much more reasonable approach.
they have never melted and are sturdy enough to reuse.
they go nicely thru the dishwasher so haven't tossed any yet.
very easy to hold, colorful, and sturdy.
these are a must have, used with both my children.
i bought these for use on a camping trip and ended up reusing most of them despite my intent to use them as disposables.
messy but fun.
i am super impressed with these.
great deal.
we love these spoons!
the quality is surprisingly great for the price.
however, we do try and wash them for re-use sometimes if possible, and they have held up great!
these are great spoons!
they are small and wash wonderfully, and they fit in our bag to bring around with us.
these are a huge bargain and i was very impressed!
initially, we had purchased the munchkin 6-pack soft tipped infant spoons and loved them.
they aren't as pretty or quite as sturdy, but they are great.
the colors are wonderful.
it is amazing how many spoons you can go through in one day.
i bought these spoons for our first family vacation with a 9 month old.
i will definitely purchase these for any future vacations and will even keep spares in my diaper bag in case i forget to pack his normal spoons.
these spoons are the perfect size for first feeders.
the bowl of the spoon is narrow and not too deep, so the food actually gets into my son's mouth.
these work the best, are cheap and are bpa free and recyclable!
a great value.
my baby girl had no issues with these
we purchased to have this as a &#34;to go&#34; spoon, and it ended up being a favorite spoon.
i don't know why they call these &#34;take and toss&#34;, because i bought a pack and i've been using them ever since.
we just wash them in warm, soapy water and use them over and over again.
since we don't have a dishwasher, it's awesome to have a huge supply of baby spoons in case we don't get around to washing all the dishes right away.
), comfortable, and gentle on babies' sensitive gums (though they are plastic, not the rubber-tipped kind).
i love these.
perfect size for little bites, and in my opinion perfect for any age of baby.
these spoons are perfect for babies just starting solids.
its a great set.
these hold up in dishwasher and if upside down you can spin it works as fun game when trying to get in last bite, i always have extra spoons on hand
i bought these since my son has just turned four months old.
i have a daughter, so, it was a pleasant surprise.the size is perfect for my 9 month old daughter's little mouth.
i have a 3 year old and although it is on the small size for him, it is still large enough for him to get enough food on the spoon and into his mouth.
the fact that these spoons are inexpensive make them perfect for daycare.
the tips are soft and rounded, and gentle on baby's gums.
my only complaint is the handles are a little shorter than i would perfer, but still perfectly functional.
we have 2 of these mirrors, one in my sedan and one in my husbands suv.
it is a nice big mirror and i can see my daughter very well, without it blocking my rear window.
the suv is a different story.
it is wide enough to see the entire car seat and baby, and fits perfectly on the headrest.
if you have leather interior, this won't be a very appealing option.
), but i would definately look into other options as well!
it is at a bit of an angle, but who cares as long as i can see my son?
it is great!
this stove guard looks okay and was a breeze to install.
it has easy removal for washing.
my toddler son is one and he is a little tall.
also my son is very strong little guy.
the design is ideal.
perhaps there is a heavier duty tape?
i have been using this guard for about 3 weeks now, and it does exactly what it is suppose to do.
we purchased two because our stove is on the end of our countertop.
we cook on the range a lot, and the one on the front fell off after about a month.
my glass stovetop is exposed on three sides, and i haven't yet found an effective way to block the stovetop from my toddlers.
this guard has been fantastic.
our stove has cast iron grates that get really hot when we cook.
these apply really easy with double sided tape that is included and have withstood the heat.
easy to open and quick to snap right back into the locked position.
baby can't open the over door at all.
the kit came with two sets of adapters to connect directly from the medela pump to most bottles, the one pair fits avent (old & new style natural) bottles perfectly.
but with the rings, they work perfectly.
huge timesaver.
love it!
we love avent bottles.
just don't transport with it attached.
i finally figured out that you need to use the inner rubber ring with the converter.
i didn't use these for long, as i switched from avent to tommee tippee due to baby having problems with fussiness due to gas.
this products comes with 2 different conversion rings (2 of each).
you don't have to worry about transferring milk and risk spilling it.
these seal well.
i use the &#34;smaller&#34; sized adapter.
i've used it with the medela personal double electric and the manual harmony.
so all of our avent bottles got packed up and put away for the next kiddo... hopefully we will be able to use this kit then!
these are a must buy!
the key is to aim the valve on the inside properly.
two different sizes comes in the box.
one size did work with the natural flow bottles.
the little 4-oz bottles that originally came with the pump worked great at first - but our twins are growing fast, and now regularly eat more than 4 ounces per feeding.that left us with two options: my wife could start taking a large cooler with her so that she could pump into more than one bottle per side each session (which would be a long, inconvenient, and somewhat messy process to change bottles mid-pumping) or to pump into larger bottles.
using these adapters, she can pump right into the bottles that we use for feeding - saving transfer steps in many cases, and the size of the container can grow with our kids.
these are also dishwasher safe, which i completely appreciate.
when i bought these, it came with four (4) &#34;rings&#34; - 2 for regular avent bottles and 2 (i think) for the wide, breast milk storage bottles.
i purchased these so that i could pump directly from a medea pump to my avent bottles and it works perfectly.
these fit both my medela & spectra dew pumps.
my medela is ancient - at least a decade old but the newer pump parts still fit it, so these go from the standard bottle size to fit the avent bottles.i have both the super wide nipple avent bottles as well as the classic size and these adapters fit fine.i also have the avent via storage system and the wider converter fits those just fine as well.i don't know what the other reviews mean about leaking....
they are great!i highly recommend them to all pumping mothers!
and i have used them successfully.
these work great and screw onto both the pump (i use an ameda purely yours) and bottles easily!
perfect world.
less effort on my part means a happy mom and a happy baby!
you need to make sure that you also buy covers for storage purposes because even if you try to use the lids that come with the bottles, you will still get some leakage.
these are great adapters!
i use an avent pump and bottle system but since my husband got a free medela pump from his work, i now needed something to adapt to my avent bottles and cups.
which pumps does the conversion kit work with?
(these are the pumps as listed on the box)medela pumpsevenflo comfort selectameda purely yourslansinoh double electricplaytex embracedr.
i bought two of these undermats and wish i had not.
they do not &quot;grip&quot; our cars leather seats and cause the infant car seats to slide a bit.
it works the same and is more attractive.
it is ok.
it does protect my leather and have an organizer but i have an suv and it runs tight and small.
we do have a suv w/cloth seats but still had trouble with the base moving.
i bought two of these and thank goodness bru let me take them back.
we had our car seat checked at the local police station, and the safety officer recommended that we not use anything under our car seat.
it has worked perfectly since the moment i started using it.
we bought this for warming milk bottles for our baby, cold ones from the fridge and room temp water for formula.
i requested and received this bottle warmer as a baby shower gift.
pros: it is simple to use and you can operate it with one hand.
this warmer has lasted us through hundreds of bottles and jars of food - i had no idea it would be so useful when i bought it!it's small, easy to use, and heats bottles and food exactly the way my son likes them, because i can add whatever amount of water i need.
and it heats fast!this makes a very economical and thoughtful baby gift - i have already purchased two for friends.
it works like a charm.
does take about 3-4 minutes which seems like a long time if the baby is really hungry, overall does the job
we had the last model with our first child and got this one for the cost and ease of use.
one thing to know is that it almost always takes the &#34;max&#34; amount to heat up a bottle adequately, but note our son likes his bottle on the warmer side.
you either have to warm it twice, put in double the amount of water or place bottle in a bowl of hot water.
however, for bottles at room temperature, it is perfect.
we bought this bottle warmer after the avent warmer was not available.
i must say i am pleasantly surprised!1-it is compact, which takes up a lot less counter space than the other bottle warmers.
during the day we use the bottle in the kitchen and at night we take it upstairs to our bathroom for easy feedings.2-the price!
it is half the price of the avent warmer and has an auto shut-off mode.3-auto shut-off!
we're also heating up about 3 ozs in an 8 oz bottle so that may have something to do with the varying temperature.overall, i highly recommend this bottle warmer.
it beats standing in front of a running faucet or boiling water just to warm some milk.
this bottle warmer is easy to use and works quickly.
i think this warmer is awesome.
it's very portable, easy to use, and works fast.
i highly recommend it.
i work part time and ebf my son.
all other bottles work awesome though!
we were disappointed with this bottle warmer for our twin boys.
the dr. browns is much better, and we have found that one works great for dr. browns, first years and playtex bottles.
i started to use this one 2 months ago since the baby is borned, and it work perfectly fine.
this warmer is small enough to go back and forth with my daughter to her sitter's every day in her diaper bag.
i would leave it there, but my husband uses it if she gets hungry and im not home from work yet.
it does an excellent job at warming our bottles.
we love this warmer!
it takes up very little counter space and heats consistently time after time.
i was pleased with the performance for the price paid.
you're at work (or gone somewhere) and your husband is at home taking care of little jessica all alone.
jessica gets hungry, and starts to fuss a little.
for us, it's - ok, jessica is upset because she's hungry.
what are my options:(a) i could use a stove.
sure, it works.
don't lie.
no biggie, just repeat.
i would keep the water vial filled with water so when a bottle needed to be heated i can just pour the water and heat.
if you breastfeed, and are using pumped or express milk, this is a must have.
i just pour the milk into the bottle, plop it in the warmer, and it is heated to the perfect temperature with the touch of a button!
this works great!
the measurements for heating are accurate.
i warm up eight ounces at a time and use the max water- perfectly warm each time.
but is any method consistent?
plus that can't be safe and you'd have to clean it.is it capable of overheating?
absolutely.
only because this warmer is so fast and speed is more important to me.
perfect warmth on first use.
i got this warmer as a shower gift.
it does warm the bottle to the perfect temperature.
we barely even use it anymore because it it not too convenient when you have a hungry baby waiting for her bottle.
i have tried 3 different bottle warmers.
this one is the 2nd best.
if you absolutely have to have a bottle warmer - the baby tec by one step ahead is much better!!!
as you know, this is the reason you don't use the microwave.
it made the milk way too hot, and on top of that the unit was oozing some kind of bronze colored metallic substance.
so when i got this gift at my baby shower i just smiled and packed it away until she needed to eat solid food.i've been using bottles since she was five days old and this has been a life saver.
i have found that it does not warm chilled bottles using the amount of water recommended.
i usually have to warm it twice or use more water than recommended.
luckily, my baby is not to picky.
i tried to vary the amount of water i poured into the heating base but this didn't help.
my wife and i have divided our duties and i'm the lucky chap who gets up at night and feeds him.
using it is fairly quick and easy.
otherwise, the warmer is nice looking and easy to keep clean.
i can leave it, change her and come back to a warm bottle.the only thing i hate it the brown caramel-like residue in the bottom.
i did not have one of these for my first son.
nothing is more stressful than a hungry baby crying...this got the bottle warm so quick!
my only complaint i have i about this bottle warmer is that it takes 2 cycles most times to get the bottle to the proper temperature.
we had this warmer for our second baby and wish i had purchased it for our first born also.
this warmer is easy to use and warms up the bottles pretty quickly for that crying baby who can't wait for that milk.
we had some overheat and underheat until we figured it out.
it is very compact which makes it great for travel.
good recommendation...put it on your registry!!
this heats bottles fast and has auto turnoff when it is down, but i still watch it to make sure doesnt over heat.
not only that, but it always took a minimum of 5 minutes to heat the bottle.
this bottle warmer is probably the best $16 i've spent for the sheer convenience of being able to warm a bottle quickly.
follow the easy directions and you have the right temp.
got this as a gift and use it frequently.
would recommend this item.
with all the restrictions on how you can warm breastmilk, this was the best thing.
works great everytime and never too hot.
love it.
very quick and easy.
i also have to keep a close eye on the bottle because it will go from slightly warm to hot very quickly.
keep your fingers away from the steam!2.
this warmer works when it wants to which means only when i'm testing it and never when i need to warm a bottle at 3 am!
this works great.
that method works much better.
the bottle warmer concept is solid and attractive, but this particular model fails.
do not buy.
also, no need to worry about forgetting to turn it off in those first few foggy weeks of motherhood... auto- shut off!!!
this would be a great shower gift!
for the $15(ish) price, i'd say that this bottle warmer works well.
i don't know how accurate the water-lines are because after experimenting with various amounts of water i don't think we've actually had a &#34;warm&#34; bottle yet - rather its just not cold - which i am completely fine with because i don't particularly want my baby becoming accustom to warm bottles when we are out or in the middle of the night.
i used this with many different types of bottles (e.g., advent, playtex, dr. brown.
great quality and price.
unit works fine , warms the bottles as advertized - as for sticking to the timeline and checking the warmth of the milk -- i always double check - glass bottles warm up quicker then the plastic once
this works great, and is super fast at heating up the bottles, but the only problem is that the bottles im using (the breast flow 4oz) are short enough that pulling them out gets you steam burns on your fingers, and thats if you can grasp it!
it works great for me, and warms the bottles very fast.
i can put a bottle in, change my baby's diaper, and come back to a warm bottle.
this less crying my hungry baby does, the better.
once that is figured out, the warmer is so easy to use.
as long as you use the right amount and wait for the water to evaporate entirely and turn itself off, you get a perfect bottle!
you can also hear when the last of the water evaporates (a small hiss).i've used dr. brown's bottles - both the 4oz and 8 oz size - and it works great.
first thing first, this bottle warmer is available at walmart for $15.
in order to get it to work, we have to experiment and find out the best amount of water measurement to pour into the steamer.the milk bottle we use are the medela plastic one (ok with high heat), we stay away from glass bottle because they get over heated easy and very hard to control the tempreture.
now every bottle of breastmilk we have has different volume of milk but in avg we have about 120ml to 150ml, i take out the bottle from the freezer, turn the cap half open (enough for it to breath but not losen).
highly recommanded!
there is also auto-shutoff for extra safety.
it only needs a minute or two to make milk from the fridge warm enough for baby.
my brother uses this to warm his son's baby food and it works perfectly for that also.after using this one i see no reason to buy one of the more expensive models you may find in a baby store.
it sure beats warming a bottle up on the stove, but it could use a couple of improvements.i think the recommended amount of water to add is based on room temperature bottles, not refrigerated milk, because it never gets warm enough by their measures.
just put some water in and give it 3-4 mins and your bottles are warm.
i went through 3 different kinds of bottles and they all fit in the warmer.
it doesn't take up a lot of space and it also warms jarred food.
i bought this when my daughter got back from the hospital from the nicu.
i find that with my baby the perfect temperature for 4 oz.
get a great bottle warmer without breaking the bank.
it's convenient to travel with and small and compact to leave on the counter all the time.
trial and error.
i still use it, i just don't walk away from it because i know it won't turn off on its own as it should.
2 weeks of use.
and at this price, i was able to buy a warmer for both grandparents' houses.
i have to tell you, this warmer is terrific!
it works equally well with breastmilk and formula.
it is quick, and as long as you follow the directions, it heats to utter perfection.
we have tried both gerber and avent bottles, and they both work well in this warmer.also, the size is really convenient.
also, does not take too much space on our counter.
works well and as expected
we have the first years day and night bottle warmer (with the cooler on the back) for use upstairs, and loved it so much that i decided to order what i assumed to be the same item without the cooler for the kitchen counter downstairs.
it never heated the bottles as well as the one that we had, and the bottles gradually got less and less warm, until the warmer didn't work at all.
this product is small and compact yet very helpful for those middle of the night feedings when you are exhausted and you need the hubby to warm up a bottle to feed the baby!
warming a bottle to the right temp is tricky but this warmer makes it easy.it is tricky to get the right formula down for heating.
this bottle warmer works and it works fast!
i suggest you use this the first few times before your baby becomes hungry so you can get to know how it works without getting flustered by a crying baby.
we had to pour at least three tubes worth of water in there to get her 5 ounce bottle warm.
this is absolutely one of the best bottle warmers i have ever worked with.
when our son decides he's hungry, he does not want to wait for the traditional method of placing the bottle in a bowl of warm water.
this can also be dangerous.
the water vial that is attached to this unit just sits ever so gently on the side meaning it falls off constantly.
i much prefer the munchkin high speed bottle and food warmer, the water vial stays firmly in place.
(you can use more or less water depending on the size of the bottle and the amount of &quot;warming&quot; needed with very little effort.)
it heats to a perfect level each time.
i purchased this warmer and the first years night and day bottle warmer for my bedroom.
we are using medela bottles with haberman nipples and using the directions provided it works great without any issues.
it takes what feels like an eternity to warm up, then overheats the milk.
just perfect !!!
works great, small, easy to use very practical!
this warmer is a life saver!
it is also safe for playtex liners and it will warm more than just milk.
best there is for the price.
we bought this warmer to heat up bottles for our new baby, and so far we've only used it for that purpose.
we use it several times a day so it is at least worth that.
probably helps that our baby is not too picky when it comes to bottle temperature.- done heating fast, usually in under 2 minutes.cons:- cheap feel/design/on button- doesn't heat the bottle too well, even with "max" amount of water.
this method works occasionally but i get inconsistent results.
i use it with born free bottles which are pretty wide and my sister uses it with avent brand bottles.
this warmer works perfectly well with both brands.
warm formula always hits baby's spot and helps with gas and spit up problems.
great warmer.
well made and easy to use and clean.
for some reasons, the bottom of the bottle became crack-looking eventually, even it does not seems leaking or anything, but you can see there a lot of tiny crack mark on the bottom of the bottle and it does not look good anymore.
it works quickly and is wonderful, especially for the night feedings.
i've used this for baby food jars and it works perfectly too.
it fits all the bottles i have, is fast, and it doesn't take up much counter space.
works well and takes up a tiny bit if counter space.
rest assured, this is all you will need!
my finicky baby had to have his warm alimentum.
it was ready within a minute and after a few shakes, it was the perfect temperature.
and get one for the grandparents!
my daughter has twins.
my daughter said this one is pretty fast.
baby #2 doesn't always want to wait another 10 minutes.
at least they aren't a huge investment.
this works very well.
this is a nice product, it warms the bottle and seams perfect on the surface.
then remove the hot mug and place the frozen milk in the mug.
it doesn't take long for it be at a perfect temperature.
it is very effective and is easy to use.
works great!
i use it to heat up her bottle and her frozen homemade baby food.
i even thought about using this when my husband and i go camping to heat up our adult food.
we love this bottle warmer.
it is small so it doesn't take up huge amounts of counter space.
but, every now and again, my husband gives our baby a bottle of breastmilk.
even if you use the amount of water as recommended in the documentation, the heating is not consistent.
to speed up the process, i keep a kitchen towel near by and constantly remove and shake the bottle.
we used this everyday, multiple times a day, for over a year and had no problems at all.
later have a warm bottle for our daughter.
it is good but not great and takes patience and time to figure it out.
i have been using this warmer since i started using bottles at 3 weeks.
i use the avent bottles.
usually filled with 4oz.
i am looking foward to seeing how this warmer works with baby food jars.
we use this for breastmilk in avent bottles, and it works ok --but don't follow the directions on the back.
it works well for being an inexpensive warmer.
this warmer works great!
i use the playtex nursers, and this works perfect for them.
plus, this warmer doesn't take up a lot of space.
i bought this for my 2nd baby, thinking it'd be easier than warming a cup of water to warm the bottle.
provide a simply warm bottle every time
this bottle warmer definitely is useful - it does what you want it to do.
the only part i wish this had that some other manufacturers build into the model is an ability to use the steam to steralize baby paraphenalia, such as pacifiers.
i got this as a gift and love it.
i like the compact size.
i move it to the bathroom by the nursery.
i used a black marker to mark the fill line so it can be seen easily at those 2am feedings.
for the price it is well worth it.
but we have to continue doing it the old-fashioned way.
i (and my wife) have 3 different bottle types,the medela breastfeeding bottles, the avent standard/naturals and the playtex ventaires.
solid enough.- it can be cleaned.
this one comes with a removable measure that can be cleaned.
the unit itself, you can remove all the baskets (which it comes with a basket for prepared food jars!)
trust me you will appreciate this button.
for example, some of the other models adjust temperature by adding more water into the chamber and it just heats a preset time.
pour in 3 oz of distilled/nursery water only in the bottle.
it will shut off by the time i measure the power and put the baby bib on.
whatever system works for you but this method instantly brings the mixture down to perfect warmth.
the manual and the back of the unit has the handy measure scale in case you need it anyways.overall, if the baby's tummy is more comfortable because warmer milk is easier for him, then we're happy.
it's worth the few more hours of peace and quiet.
by the time you give the water a swirl with the powder and the outside of the bottle is still fairly warm, the remaining coolness of the water inside cancels out the residual outer heat to make it ready to feed immediately.
play it right, the whole process is quick and efficient.
works great if you follow the directions.
however, i stopped using it after a couple of weeks and realized my son took the bottle just fine without the need to warm up the bottle.
besides the occasional heating changes, the only other drawback is that there is no easy way to clean it, particularly if you live in an area that has highly mineralized water, and the marks on the measuring cup come off within the first month of use.
i re-marked it with a sharpie with the two water levels we use (playtex bottles with and without the thumb slide) so that friends babysitting our son or helping us out by heating a bottle while over visiting know how much to put in.
i would also imagine that some further tweaking will be required as the composition of breastmilk changes during the day and over the course of the post partum period.for example, i used 9 oz mam ultivent (bpa free) translucent bottles that are wide at the bottom and narrow at the top.
we purchased this bottle warmer for travel use.
great to use in hotels and or if you'll be staying with relatives.it will accommodate wide neck bottles.
it is not designed to warm multiple bottles.
we're so glad we bought this bottle warmer.
we brought it with us for traveling and it worked great at hotel.
it is very powerful.
that has always worked for us.
we use this to make a big batch of formula for the day (daycare mandates we have all bottles pre-made for the day) and it works well.
hopefully this doesn't happen again.
boy, it will really mix a bottle of formula fast!
so, she pumps milk and we mix a little formula in with her milk to ease the situation.
first, it spins so fast and powerful that it foams the milk.
second, it is a bit awkward to use in tall bottles.
plus shaking sometimes doesn't get the clumps out and with this i get a nice even mixture.
best of luck!
i was so happy to find this on amazon.com and it was definitely worth it for the price.
i am still using medela 5oz bottles and it fits easily inside.
i bought this one because it had a lot of good reviews.
if you're not careful, the formula will go everywhere, especially in a 4 oz bottle.
i sure wish i knew about this before i was on baby #3.
on button has both pulse and on (i only ever use pulse because it's that fast).
takes 2 aa batteries.
i used it with my daughter who is 4 and just bought another one for my son.
additionally, i found the big dr. brown's bottles (8-9 oz size) to be very cumbersome, especially when storing them in the fridge or in a diaper bag.every baby is different and you've got to pick the system that works best for the both of you.
my son was born 5 weeks early, and weighed in at a whopping 4 lbs, 6 oz.
so they come with two extra parts...big deal.
the dr. browns eliminate all bubbles.
the stage 1 nipple on the vent aire is slow, but my baby keeps all her formula down now.
i bought these bottles on a lark.
loved these bottles...never had problems with gas or bubbles.
i highly recommend these!
i bought one to see how it would work.
i use both the 4 oz and the 8 oz bottles for her.
i bought extra inserts and nipples too.
i also bought the travel caps.
i love these bottles and am so happy that i purchased them.
by the way, i use the avent bottle warmer and the 4 oz and 8 oz bottles fit perfectly.
i bought these because of the reviews and am very glad i did.
the day we started using these, he was like a different baby.
dr brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
we started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
so, we had to pack away the 4oz bottles and go out and buy a bunch of the larger size.
as a new mommy, i bought a sample of all the different recommended bottles out there to see which one my newborn would like best.
the reason i mention this is because the concept of reducing the amount of air taken in by the baby and the nipple size are very similar in both bottles.
my baby needed a slower flow so she'd dribble with the dr. brown's nipple.
and as other people noted, my bottles leaked sometimes, as well.
but again, every baby is different and like what they like!
i bought these on a recommendation from a nurse in a child birthing class my husband and i went to.
my daughter was small for her age, and at 6 weeks old we are still getting use out of them at 4oz.
now, i warm them up without a top on it and everything is fine.
these bottles are great.
she was born 5 weeks early and has had no difficulty with the flow of the regular sized nipples and she doesn't get confused since she is mainly breast fed.
there are many parts to this system.
(it was different than the ones available online - an 8 oz.
my daughter "smacks" a lot when she eats and subsequently takes in a lot of air.
wide-mouth bottles are very large!
as the baby sucks on a traditional bottle they have to gradually suck harder and harder as pressure builds in the bottle.
this also creates pressure in their ears which can disturb the fluid balance and cause inner ear problems.
the baby also has to frequently break the latch (and the nipple collapses at a certain point of pressure which causes them to unlatch) so that the pressure can equalize in the bottle.
this causes them to take in more air.
i will definitely be purchasing these as shower gifts for new moms!
we use these bottles almost because my son is an infant and he always has gas.
i doubt these help with colic but they are a good preventative measure.
i am the mother of twins.
i bought these bottles based on the other reviews for one of my twins.
with the dr. brown system).
i'm hoping i will be able to use the system for her later on.
our baby girl is five weeks old and these bottles helped with her colic and fussiness during and after eating.
i admit, i was extremly skeptical... my mother actually bought these for me b/c my preemie son was in pain all of the time from gas and the only thing that slightly helped was the playtex nursers, and he was still in pain a lot of times.
i am so happy with these.
then i bought some dr. brown.
if you hate washing dishes, this ain't for ya!
(sigh)  and the nipple is soft and all but my baby needs to something that he can get a grip.
it has fun colors, very attractive, you can tell that the bottle is working from the air you hear coming out of the bottom suction and the awesome nipple that babies can actually get a grip on.
at the very least, it makes it easier for him to eat since there is no negative pressure created from suction... the food just flows!
thus, the baby swallows less air from the having work so hard to get food.
if your baby has reflux or is very gassy, this bottle is definitely worth a try!
my baby who is just 3 weeks old was swallowing a lot of wind from his old bottles.
they really help with getting rid of extra air.
my baby is having less air n he is not chocking at all because of perfect natural flow for newborn..
i am very happy with this item.
it might take you awhile to figure out how to take apart and put together the bottle but it works great!
i highly recommend them.
we just received the correct refund the other day, after multiple phone calls and time.
i bought these for my 4 month old, who needs cereal in her formula.
i bought 4 packages of these, boiled them all and now can't use them.
nice colors.
will definitely recommend.
also, the fork tips are rounded, so our son has a little trouble spearing things with it.
keeps them clean and contained.
also is the perfect size to be refilled with the &#34;take and toss&#34; utensils readily found in stores!
they work well.
it's always nice to have extra nipples for your bottles.
highly recommended for a budget conscious family!
i used these with the evenflo glass bottles.
otherwise, they work very well.
easy to wash. good value.
be sure to separate the nipples!
slow, medium and fast are indistinguishable!!!
only works for evenflo bottles.
highly recommend.
so far my son doesnt have any issued with this nipple!
:)
these work great with standard bottles.
good stuff.
we used lvl 1 nipples on our evenflo, avent, and medela bottles with no problems.
these level 2s leaked in all of our bottles.
we aren't using the evenflo bottles anymore since she drinks more than 4oz at a time now.
:o(
my baby has always used evenflo nipples.
ok, what can i say.
bought these for my niece and these are the nipples she decided to use.
it is a personal choice.
easy to use and easy to clean.
it helped that they came in different sizes for varied flow.
so you have to keep them organized in seperate bags.
these work great for the evenflo bottles.
my daughter had no issues with these nipples.
i've always used them with the old-fashioned evenflo glass bottles and, recently, they have become very difficult to find.
it might work for your baby, go ahead and buy it and they are very affordable.
my baby loves this pacifier!
i didn't want to introduce the pacifier too early, but broke down and gave him this one at 3 weeks, and we haven't had any trouble with &#34;nipple confusion.&#34; (i put it in parenthesis because some are questioning its existence.. ;) in any case, these pacifiers look &#34;old fashioned&#34; but they're actually very nice with a natural-shaped (not orthodontic) nipple.
they do not contour to the baby's lips and cheeks at all (which avoids red marks and rashes!)
all in all, highly recommended, especially for a breastfed baby!
my son is breastfeeding and adapted to these nipples perfectly to sooth without any issues with nipple confusion.
very happy mom & baby!
now that he is old enough that this paci fits in his mouth, he loves the bulbous shape of the nipple.
the large round base makes it easy for him to manipulate on his own, and it doesn't make any goofy imprints on his face.update:my twins are now 18 months old, and not only does my passi-loving boy still adore this pacifier, now his typically thumb-sucking brother likes to walk around with one of these pacifiers in his mouth, too.
babies love it so they don't want to be separate from it and he is contstantly asking for it.
even though it is the best pacifier and the most satisfying for children i will not buy it again for my future kids because its so hard to find them and different from other pacifiers so if your child likes this one they won't take any other.
i received 2 packages as ordered and on time.
the pacis differ slightly from the photo.
my lactation consultant recommended these originally because the angled tip ones can cause tongue thrusting and we were having issues.
these tend to help baby get his tongue under the bulb.
i think on outings.
the quality is good.
i will say we bought these for 2.99 and then saw them in our local wal mart for 2.78 in pink, blue, and yellow.
still a good price here you may want to check your local wal mart though if you're concerned about colors.
i had problems with my baby not taking a pacifier.
he took them right away & after taking these for about 2 months he know takes other pacifiers but these are definitely his favorite.
not impressed with these pacifiers at all.
don't buy!
they work and do their job, but nothing special of them.
end of update.i had needed fast flow nipples for my twins.
these nipples are also standard size (see below), silicone texture, and traditional round shaped.
* flow: nipples come in newborn, slow, medium and fast.
advent has some standard and some non-standard bottles.
dr. brown has non-standard bottles that only use dr. brown nipples.
* texture: soft latex, firmer silicone, and traditional rubber.
* shapes: traditional (round), orthodontic, and flat-topped.
they work perfect for a few different bottles i use & are in expensive!
my son uses gerber bottles so i have to buy gerber nipples.
fast flow works great  for my 30 months-old son.
these nipples are so small that they just fall through a regular size bottle!!!
great product allways with the quality of gerber, my wife and my baby loves it, and unbeatable price, highly recommended, buy together with the first essential bottles and a color nipples availables too
great value.
i bought them for replacement nipples for the gerber essential bottles and they fit perfectly,, no leaks nice flow.. would recommend them for new borns.. great quality and durability!!
perfect
gerber first essential silicone bpa free nipples, slow flow, 6 packcalidad del producto excelente.costo del producto acorde la calidad,tiempo de entrega conforme lo establecido.embalaje conforme el producto.recomendado para los bebes de la casa, por excelente calidad, econom&iacute;a y utilidad
this is an good product, little loose for medela 5oz & 8oz bottles that we have.
this one doesn't get stuck because of the tooth inside the nipple.
good quality nipples.
i bought it for some standard bottle i had with medium flow nipples.
it probably works best with the gerber bottle.
these work very well with my daughter who has acid reflux.
since the 9oz bottles come with the medium flow nipple, i need to get fast flow replacements when my baby turned about 6 months old.
bought these for my newborn and i love them!
it's easy for him to intake since i bought it in slow flow.
i bought them to replace medium-flow evenflo nipples.
i get considerably more leakage around the edges than i did with the evenflo, others.
i love being able to have these accessories dispocision.
the tightness of the fit with the base of the screwtop nipple lock causes it to skew to one side, leaning the nipple...meaning that anytime you turn the bottle with the cap on and the liquid hits the nipple opening, you are prone to have a leak.
it really helps to have extra dome caps.
if you have to rewash it, or if you simply misplace one, its great to have extra.
she enjoys it, especially that its summer and hot, i give her cool water.
she loves taking sips!
my kids also seem to grab them to use as small snack cups and to grab small drinks.
if you are looking for a cover to keep the sippy clean, these are fantastic and fit the klean kanteen perfectly.
great solution that allows us to use the steel, safe sippys with the avent system.
i bought these to use for my klean kanteens that have the sippy adaptor and they fit perfectly.
but overall they work great for the price.
this pinch guard goes on easy (and comes off easy on the rare occasion that we want to close the door to our playroom).
i got this in hopes of using it to keep the kitchen drawer open so that my baby could play and not pinch her fingers...
it works!!
love it!
love it!
i don't have to worry about pinched fingers anymore.
it is sturdy and will stand up over time.
this foam piece s perfect.
the doors won't shut, no pinched fingers.
this pinch guard is great.
it stays in place and super thick.
awesome.
i thought they might be a little too good to be true but for $1.50 each i figured it wasn't a lot to risk.
well, these are great!
it also helps on her bedroom door from hitting the squeaky spot (when we go in to check on her at night so we don't wake her).very easy to take on the go to grandparents/hotel!
dropins cost more for the amount you are getting.
so, these work in a pinch.
i think i will keep both varieties on hand since they serve different functions.
these worked well and were easy to use but we are tall people.
we tried several different bi-fold locks before finally finding this one that works.
these locks are awesome.
we had to remove the inside bracket to get these to fit our bi-fold doors.
we have a coat/shoe closet in our entryway that we intended to use this on.
they work well to keep toddlers out of closets and such but they will go flying if you forget it's on there and just open the door with a bit of force.
overall i believe they work well as a training tool to help teach toddlers places that are off limits but eventually the kids will figure out how to yank the door open and send it flying.
first of all, the bottle has to be positioned in the warmer a certain way so that it presses a safety latch to keep the warmer on.
also it helps to speed it up if you remove it a couple of times and shake the bottle to cycle the milk around.
the first one i bought died after about 15 uses.
the second one outlived my son's bottle use, and it worked great.
ours worked in about 10 minutes, but it depends on how warm your baby likes their bottle.
it does take a long time to warm up a bottle with this, so you do have to anticipate the need for a bottle.
the bottles (we use ventair) do not touch the "on" sensor, and it takes more than 30 minutes to warm our 8 oz bottles.
tons of fun for a tiny tot
our son loves us stacking them down across the room, crawling over to them and knocking them down.
my son has enjoyed these stacking cups since age 6 months and still at 1 year they are one of his favorites!
these are great stacking cups!
my son is 20 months old, and we got these cups well over a year ago.
(i'm really big on toys that don't "do stuff" but encourage kids to use their creativity.
our son plays with these all the time in our bath tub.
highly recommended!
i checked the tag and there&#8217;s nothing on there about bpa.
there are two picutres on the amazon page of cups that are 2 different color schemes.
other than those two issues, this is a very simple and enjoyable toy.
my 7.5 month old daughter enjoys these cups.
each cup is a different color and all the cups are easy for my daughter to hold.
however, the link cannot be attached to any of these stacking cups!
my husband found a great way to entertain our daughter.
i think this is a perfect baby shower gift!
colors are nice.
he also loves banging them together, banging them on other things, dumping them out of a bucket, pulling them apart (when nested inside each other), chewing on them, and playing with them in the bath.
they are so simple, but really the ultimate baby toy.note: the colors are different than the ones pictured.
these cups are a favorite in my house.
dishwasher safe and colorful- so we always have a couple on hand to keep my son occupied, even during mealtime since they can be cleaned easily
i cannot tell you how many hours a day my baby sits on the floor and plays with these cups.
it washes up nicely on the top rack of my dishwasher.
this is played with everyday.
baby loves to nest and stack and throw these cups.
great value.
i bought these sturdy cups for my grand-daughter, age one year.
they have tiny holes in the bottom that are die cut in different shapes, so you could use them in the tub, count the holes (they correspond with the stacking order of the cups).
they are durable, colorful and they stack well.
at first i couldn't visualize how a baby (my first) could find a set of stacking cups interesting and enjoyable.
finally, he started to study them and spent a lot of time at this activity.at the present time, our boy is 15 months old.
then he smiles at his accomplishment.
we take them everywhere.
my baby loved these the first time i put them out!
sometimes it takes a few times before she likes something, but these stackers were fun right away!
they are bright and colorful and fun!
my 9 month old son love these cups, the quality is very good and the colors are beautiful, he plays with these everyday.
my daughter loves these cups!
we bought these when my son was 6 months old.
it's a year later, and he still loves them.
i highly recommend them.
they also have tiny holes in the bottom of the cups - each in a different shape as well as numbers on the bottom too.our daughter is 6 1/2 months old and i put a few of the cups out on the blanket for her to clutch and play with during belly time as well as other toys.
my 5 month old loves these stacking cups.
the awesome thing is that they travel easily.
i would have these bought even before baby is born because they're good to have on stand-by.
they're amongst the best baby toys ever.
these cups are very small and the lip area is small.
we bought these for our 5 month old son.
they are affordable and not &#34;cheap&#34; quality.
great buy.
these are great.
your child can play with them in so many different ways.
an added bonus: they can be used to teach counting and colors!
this is a hit.
baby loves these.
we know they will always offer consistent entertainment for out little one.
the colors were different than shown, but still bright & cheery.
we mostly use these in the bath, my son is 6 months now but we have had them since he was born.
:0) love them!
a great investment and a happy baby/momma!
he likes pretending to drink out of them.
i have already given the same ones as presents as i think that every parent should have these :)
these cups are wonderful for a little one, they stack easily and nicely and fun to topple over.
my baby loves these cups!
(6 months).
right now she just likes to chew on them and throw them on the floor and watch them spin, but i am excited that she can still learn to stack them later.
great price especially compared to other brands!
my 1 year old son plays with the cups everyday.
so simple but my baby (6 mo) loves these!
these are a great way to keep your child out of the measuring cups and have something fun to play with for a long time.
great first &#34;real&#34; toy for a baby.
my son played with those cups for hours when he was 8-10 months.
she can easily stack up and nest them with ease and they can be played with both in and out of water.
i love them because they are super sturdy, can be washed when needed, take up little space, and are bright.
some stacking cups are not steady and it causes toddlers great frustration when they are trying to stack a tower and it falls midway.
the first years stack n count cups are really one of the best stacking cups out there and i highly recommend them if you are looking for a simple toy that will provide multiple options of play and will last for many years to come!
that said, the baby likes them and they're fine for the price.
fun to bang, fun to eat, fun to carry!
easy wash and put away.
a great, simple toy to practise stacking, counting, size (big and small), and colours.
my daughter loves these, especially in the bath.
totally worth the $.
my preemie is 12 mos corrected age and loves these!
the bright colors and relatively small size of the cups make these ideal for small hands.
definitely recommend these.
bath, play chewing it works all day long!
the difference between sizes is very small, hence little ones cant really differentiate between sizes.
also can be cleaned in the dishwasher!
this is great for many ages.
they have different shapes holes in the bottom to make &#34;fountains&#34; in the tub.
equally fun from 6 months to 5 years old.
my 12 month old loves these.
she consistently goes for them often during play times.each cup has a number on the bottom and they have tiny holes cut into bottom to correspond with the number - so 3 has 3 triangles, 4 has 4 squares, etc.overall a great purchase, especially for the price!
and now we got them out for a new baby he still enjoys playing with them at almost 3 years old.
my mother has some and says my niece loved playing with them at 5 years old.
since there is no regulation for these things who knows how accurate this is.
but the cups are well made and the colors are vibrant.
i bought this when my daughter was 6 months old and its one of our favorite toys!
she enjoys banging it around, looking at the bright colors and finds different ways to play with it.
great, simple, inexpensive learning toy.
:)
great smaller size stacking cups
we purchased these for our 16-month old toddlers.
she definitely enjoys chewing on them, though, and they're actually great for training her to army crawl because they often roll away from her grasp, but not as far or as fast as a ball does.
my daughter has a great time playing with these cups.
they are sturdy and colorful.
he is learning how things stack and loves to put them together and take them apart.
happy i bought them.
these are inexpensive, there are a bunch of them in case i misplace some there are more and our grand baby has loved them since four months of age and she at 10 months still loves them.
he likes to clank them together as well.
don't buy.
the only outlet option that i've found works are the plate covers.
the make it so the outlet is accessible to me, but not my son.
the little notches on the side are baby finger sized and they come right out.
my daughter suffered with serious colic during her first three months.
plus, once your baby gets ready for cereal, the dr. brown's y-cut nipples are wonderful.
this is accomplished by maintaining an open, unobstructed airway to the formula.
the tradeoff here is that the bottle will leak if inverted for any period of time or shaken vigorously.
our child was very colicy during her first 3 months.
love these bottles!
very little (if any) air gets to baby & baby seems to have no trouble transitioning between these bottles & natural nipples.
highly recommend!
yes, you will still need to burp your baby, but they will burp easily and fast without any stomach aches.
refrigerate what baby does not finish and don't worry about fixing so many bottles.
defintely helped our spitup.
dr. browns and the playtex nursers are the best bottles on the market.
in the beginning, my son had a terrible time with gas bubbles in his stomach.
my baby is 6 months old and she keeps spitting up.
my baby is significantly less gassy.
i love these bottles!
the extra time cleaning and putting together these bottles is definitely worth having a happy baby that doesn't spit up!
i like the sturdiness of the bottles.
i bought these bottle and evenflo bottles when my son was born.
best buy ever.
ok..so they're more expensive than most of the bottles out there--however, i love them and my baby thanks me for it!
the small brush which comes with the starter kit is essential to clean the small parts.
a regular bottle brush is fine for the bottles themselves.
you will likely need to graduate your baby to level-2 niplles at 3-months of age and level-3 nipples at 6-months of age.
use the travel-discs when transporting milk and there will be no leaks.
my baby hardly needs burping with these bottles, they are that great (he doesn't have reflux by the way).
if you're paying shipping, might as well get some extra small brushes, you'll need them.
before my baby arrived i did all my research for the best bottles & these bottles were my one & only choice.
you can actually  see how there is no air being sucked as the baby eats.
takes longer to wash- big deal...either throw them in the dishwasher or like me, washing them by hand which takes 1 min longer but your baby is happy & gas free.
i am very happy that i did!
the bottles are designed to help your baby eat calmly and slowly.
the dr. brown's bottle slows her down and she eats safely and comfortably.
she is very healthy and content, and this is the most important factor in choosing a bottle.
i've been nothing but pleased with these bottles.
they will be our choice from start to finish!
he took the bottle right away without a complaint and it has never interfered with nursing.
dr brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
when we first bought the bottles, we bought all these replacement nipples in level 1 and had to return them because we never needed them.
we started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
so, we had to pack away the 4oz bottles and go out and buy a bunch of the larger size.
both bottles do a fine job of keeping bubbles out of your baby.
we tried and used both bottles with our boy.
the real deal between the two is the nipple.
the nipple on avent bottles are larger at the base and firmer than the brown bottles.
when we first introduced the bottle to our breast fed boy he did not take to the avent bottles.
he just couldn't get comfortable around the nipple.
buy one of each first and see which one you baby is comfortable with.
my son has gerd and has done very well with these bottles and enfamil a.r..
my 4-month old can't use avent at all, does better with playtex ventaire, but is most comfortable with these.
my daughter used playtex ventaire and did wonderfully with them (we didn't know about dr. browns bottles then), but my son really has to have the dr. browns.
but, these are excellent bottles.
this bottle does have a lot of parts to clean but if you weigh the options of spending about an extra 10 minutes per day cleaning bottle and your baby having less gas, it is worth it.
this bottle has 5 parts to clean and others usually have about 3.
i will stand by these bottles all the way...less gas, less smacking when he eats and a happier baby in the end.
i used them for 5 months and finally got so fed up with all of the problems that i bought all new bottles.
they leaked standing upright or laying down.
they have never leaked and i'm not afraid to look in the bottle bag anymore when we are out!!
we tried them and the baby did great.
she finally drank the formula fine, with no problems.
my son had quite a bit of colic and gas when he was first born.
i would highly recomeend these bottles.
i bought these because my daughter was a spitter.
the ones she likes and works best are the playtex nursers.
these bottles are great if you have a colicky baby.
people complain about the extra pieces being a pain to wash.
these bottles get rid of the air bubbles almost entirely which helps when your child has reflux or is really gassy.
great bottles.
i admit, i was extremly skeptical... my mother actually bought these for me b/c my preemie son was in pain all of the time from gas and the only thing that slightly helped was the playtex nursers, and he was still in pain a lot of times.
i am so happy with these.
these are the best bottles ever and the only ones we'll use.
cleaning them can be a pain because of all the parts, but they are well worth it.
we have them in 4 ounce size and the fat 8 ounce size and they are all perfect.
the idea behind the vent is great but what a pain to put together!
this dex one is also cheaper at walmart online.
do your baby a favor and buy a bpa free one somewhere else, and freeze your baby food in tiny pyrex.
this is the 2nd baby food processor of two different brands where i've had trouble with the motors.
true, it doesn't hold a ton, but i does what i bought it for - i make a few days worth at a time.-  holds about 8 oz of food comfortably at a time (so it mixes well, etc)-  i think this is a good size to make fresh food and to try new foods (without making a bunch if it's not a hit!
o produto &eacute; pr&aacute;tico e do tamanho ideal para preparar as refeies do beb.
facilita bastante nas viagens onde vc mesmo pode preparar as refeies de seu filho.
i think that this food processor is a bit small for when you want to do big batch of food but i love it because :1.
usefull even with toddlers who are not always comfortable with meat.
i was very impressed on how fast it was delivered, in less than a week  - product was well packed.it doesn't look excatly like the picture, there are some visible "bolts" and the finish is alright, the bolts look ok with the style - the greatest feature is the fact it doesn't close automatically so it is safe for children, which is what i need.it's good for a kid room but i would not put this in a living room as again the finish is not great but for the price, i can't complain - overall i would recommend it for a kid room.
nice construction/hinge.
it is simply gorgeous and went so well with our living room decor you wouldn't realize it has toys in it.
excellent!
not a big deal since the hinges are located inside the box, but still.
the beauty speaks for itself.
this will last them until they're grown.
it is a deep dark espresso and has a measurement of 31 " l by 17-" d by19-" h .has a very nice shine on it.
we are very happy with our toy box!!!!
was easy for my husband to assemble and was in good shape when it arrived which really surprised us because a lot of packages coming overseas to apo get damaged.
fit all of our two year olds toys.
our son closes the lid and climbs on top of it all the time.
now we don't accept this behavior, but the chest is proving to hold up just fine.
it looks nice if it is not touched or used, but don't count on it lasting at all when the kids start using it!!!!
however, 3 pieces came damaged.
replacement of the pieces was easy - you order it online.
nonetheless, once all the replacement pieces arrived, it was easy to assemble.
the playtex nurser is the only system my son will use.
he rejects all other bottles.
the drop-ins are easy to use, and keep a shape so you can accurately measure liquids, and easily handle them.
we love these liners and bottles.
works just fine for us!
baby also has less gas with the drop in liners than with the bottles.
i used these with my first son.
have been using the playtex system with my second daughter (who would not take any other bottle).
they are effective in keeping out the tiny air bubbles many bottles create.
these liners are great.
easy to use and fit into all of our four oz playtex drop in bottles.
great for doing faux formula for 'reborn' realistic baby dolls (hugely popular dolls that are extremely real, and some artists get thousands of dollars if they can recreate the minute realistic details of babies' skin; i've heard of some selling for $17,000.00).
i love the whole playtex nurser system.
i love the playtex dropins system.
overall, no complaints.
we reach for these when we travel, and bring only one nurser and a couple nipples.
though i don't use as many as some because i mostly breastfeed and use these for pumped milk, they really do make life easier, and for us they last a long time, since we may only use one or two a day, so it works to about $6 for 2 months, which i think is a small price for a little extra help.
so cute and great quality
matches the nursery with the bedding so perfect.
by themselves they don't look like much.
the hangings are great for the nursery with interesting characters, great colors, and a mixture of fabrics for depth and texture.
i love these wall hangings.
they are durable and look great with my jungle decor.
also, my son (10 weeks old) loves to stare at them.
this tub was perfect.
i also like that i can lay him down to rinse out his hair and he is comfortable and doesn't fight it like he did in the plastic tub.you can't go wrong with this purchase!
so much safer than the matts, and if the baby falls shes hits the soft sides.
keeps all of her toys around her as well so she is constantly occupied.
i love this tub and so does my daughter.
i love that it is filled with beads instead of an air filled tub.
it was definitely worth the price!
she cried hysterically the second i put her in it the first time.
this works well for its intended use.
it is versatile...put it one way for an infant who still needs to lay down, and flip it over to be more like a bath for a larger baby who can sit on his own.
tub doesn't float with the baby in it and my son loved it!
not once did it slide and he loved hitting the tub and hearing the sound of the beads inside.
you can have baby on their tummy to wash their back comfortably.
great for my daughter who has used this since she was about 6 months old.
this tub is great!
fits perfectly inside our standard size tub.
arrived fast, too- 3 days after placing order!
i thought the fabric was smooth.
i wouldnt want it on my bare skin.
its too bad because its a great size and constructed well.
the tub arrived in a timely manner, was priced perfectly, and was ready to go straight out of the box.
we just hang it from the shower head to drip dry and if needed i transfer it to one of the chairs in our kitchen which is under a ceiling fan to ensure it is completely dry to prevent any mold or mildew growth between baths.
plus, if you just want to leave your newborn/infant in his/her diaper for a sponge bath it is perfect.
just place the upside down tub on the countertop, lay your child in the bottom cushioned area, and bathe away.
definitely a must have for any first time parent who is intimidated by bath time with their newborn and/or infant.
the plastic bump in the middle was very inconveniently placed and made bath time difficult for me and uncomfortable for my son.
it is very versatile and you can use it as a tub or flip it over to use as a sling.
my only complaint is the sides could have just a little more beads in them so it is not so floppy if the tub isn't filled all the way.
although they take up less space for storage i did not want an inflatable insert for the tub.
this is true.
she likes the texture of it and the fact that she can squish it.
this is a very comfortable way to wash a newborn.
having the water fill up the cushion keeps her nice and warm.
at 4 weeks we switched to the primo eurobath tub (which is terrific).
it takes over a day to dry, which means if you use it daily you can expect mold/mildew.we did find it useful around the house outside the tub.
if you ever need to lay your baby down somewhere secure and don't have time to prep it, this bath pad makes a handy pad that keeps your child in position.
i have used this bath pad with both of my sons, one 2 and the baby is 6 months.
i say if you're looking for a cheap way to bathe your baby in the tub, look no further!
i bought the euro tub and it may in the future be a good thing but not right now...the safer bather works like a contoured pillow/sponge.
it also dries very very quickly and can hand up in your shower.i have even used it in our sink and it supports her perfectly!with all the others out there to choose from, this one is the best way to spend your $!
this is a great washing tool for baby.
he doesn't slip and is comfortable lying on this.
i'm very glad i did.let it be known i use this mostly in the stuffiest bathroom in the house (its easier to warm for bathing an infant) and i have a bad tendency to get distracted after the bath and come back hours later with a still soaked bather to pull out of the tub and hang somewhere to air dry.
i've never had to toss it in the wash, it still smells like new.
i wash my baby every other day.
i can see that it would be comfortable but it was easier to bathe without this bulky item.... would not suggest.
now, i absolutely love it!
it's the perfect pad for 1 parent to bath their infants!
with this pad, it so easy for me or my husband to bath our son with out any assistance from the other.
my son, absolutely loves his bath pad.
while he has a tendency to pooh on it... it does wash up nicely.
my only complaint is that when you wash it, the foam filling does become a little distorted.
highly recommend!
can't wait to buy it as a shower gift for a friend!
its cozy and easy to use.
this is my favorite baby item as a first time mom.
he is safe, warm and cozy in this fabric cushion that literally dries faster than anything i've ever witnessed.
you and your baby will love it.
i like how soft it is and my son seems to be comfortable in it.
there is n o way for baby to stay submerged in some water to stay warm.
i much prefer the first years safety tub.
it just works!
i did not give it 5 stars because after three months of using it, it changes its form.
what a relief...
this is the best bathing help i have found.
keeps him warm and cozy the entire time.
my daughter had her first sponge bath with this and it has worked great ever since.
i highly recommend it to any parent.
no complaints.
highly recommend to all.
this tub fits her perfectly, supporting her upright and will work for months to come.
i bought this before my 3rd son was born.
he's used it from day one & it's great!
he stays cozy and warm--it reclines him comfortably, too.
at about 3 weeks old we switched to this bath pad and he's been happy in the bath ever since.
he is comfortable and warm and now that he's 8 months old he can sit on it and not slide around in the tub or lay back while i wash him.
the things i love are:1.it keeps the water warm and the baby stays cozy.2.
for my daughter i put it in an infant sized tub where it fit beautifully.3.
it is thick and comfy for baby.my baby loves taking baths and i'm sure this mat helps immensely.
it has a nice texture to keep slippery baby in place while you're bathing her, and it's very soft.
the leachco bath pad fit the bill!
the bath pad absorbs water really well and seems comfortable for the baby in either a sitting position or a reclining position.
there is also a square indentation on it the makes it easy to clean the undercarriage!
the leachco is bigger than the summer infant comfy bath sponge and seems to be made of higher quality materials.
this has turned bath time into a fun and comfortable experience!
my babys head and ears stay safely out of the water.
love it.
we bought it for our first son 2+ years ago and just bought a new one for our new baby.
it perfectly and gently cradles the baby in the bathtub so that they cannot squirm out and get submerged in the water or get water in their ears, mouth, etc.
the bather absorbs a lot of water, so if you dunk both sides into the warm water before putting the baby on it, his or her head and back is touching the warm water, which makes it nice.
plus by 1-2 years old you don't need it anymore anyways.
i bought this for my 2.5 month old who out grew his infant bath tub.
my baby loves to be able to splash and play and i love that he is comfortable.
i always make sure i lean it up against the edge of the tub to drain the water from the mat.
when not in use and dry i hang it from the shower curtain.
still using it with my first child, who's now 3 months.
i'll definitely have to upgrade at some point, but it works great for now.
this pad is so much easier than a normal plastic baby tub.
especially for a first baby and you're nervous about bathing anyway.
this thing keeps the baby warm, snug and safe in the baby tub or sink.
it just is a great thing and the baby loves it!
great, great item!
i registered for it because of all the great online reviews.
i am so glad that i received it for a shower gift.
it is great!!
my daughter is 1 month and does not fuss at all during bathtime.
it is like a little raft in the tub.
she fits in it perfectly and you do not have to worry about baby slipping or moving  around.
the pillow cushions baby safely.
the bath pad is fine - seems comfy for my little guy and keeps him elevated.
but it is fine to hang once some of the water is squeezed out.
after using this several times, i can say it has both it pluses and minuses.the bath pad is quite soft and makes an excellent cradle to help hold your infant while bathing.
if you are a first-time parent, then this bath pad will definitely provide you an extra measure of security and allow you to feel more comfortable when bathing your infant.
the pad will sit nicely on a counter; we found it did slide a bit and put some of the waffle-hole padding that one uses to keep rugs from slipping underneath it.
because it has low sides and the well for the child is not particularly deep, it may not be of much value once your child can sit up.
i put this in my kitchen sink (a large one) and put nice warm water just filled up enough to be comfortable.
our son loves taking a bath and it's worry-free for us, thanks to the safer bather.
although our son still fits in the kitchen sink with it, we bought it along with the primo baby tub and it's an ideal match together.the soft pillow protects our son's head and little body from the sink/tub.
(still works beautifully, though.
it is very soft and seems very comfortable for her, and she stays warm.
highly recommend!
our baby hates it so we have to use a towel between her and the pad : not very handy...
this is great.
no more filling the tub and breaking my back to carry it to the counter.
very easy.
love it.
i received this as a shower gift.
i purchased a boon naked collapsible baby tub to replace it and highly recommend everyone purchase that instead!
worth the extra cost!
i have attempted to wash it 3 times through the washing machine and still get black dirt.
i received this as a baby shower gift.
also easy to wash his hair with him laying in this.
well worth the price!
it makes for a safe, comfortable bathing experience and it dries very quickly when it hangs.
i purchased the safer bather and sat in the bath tub with her... she loved it!
but, we still have the safer bather for our baths together!
there are better bath options out there that do not jeopardize the skin health of your baby.
we are so sorry we bought this pad.
this has worked out great for our infant son so far.
we've had no mold issues but i've noticed that sometimes there seems to be a dark/questionable spot because of a trick of light on the filling inside (the fabric is slightly see-through).
the baby seems to love his baths though so 3 stars...
if you are a soon-to-be parent who is as nervous about bathing your newborn as i was, this is for you!
this cushioned seat perfectly positions your baby for sponge baths.
it kept my baby comfortable long enough to get her clean.
i definitely would not recommend this item.
works really well in the tub... holds the baby secure, absorbs water so it stays warm and dries pretty quickly.
and the prices is nice!
awesome for first time parents.
its soft and cushy and baby doesn't slide around.
my daughter is 10 months old and still uses it.
drys overnight when its hung up.
the best part.. you can toss it in the washer when it gets dirty.a must have for new mothers and fathers!
the best tub - no slipping, she stays warm, and you don't have to hold her the entire bath time.
just throw it in the wash one in a while and make sure to hang dry.
we love it!
we never used the tiny plastic tubs, but just bathed our little one on this cushy bath pad in our regular tub.
this is perfect because you can use it as a baby or just as a bath toy later.
i will never by a baby bath tub again.
we love this bath pad.
it's a great size for bathing our daughter in the sink comfortably.
i started out with an infant tub & one that has an insert to lay the baby on.
i bought this as a replacement.
it sits directly on the bottom of the tub & i only run enough warm water to submerge his bottom & legs.
it's soft & absorbs the warm water, which is much more comfortable for him.
i use it in large sink and now tub.
outside, inside, febreezed... any of it.
still looking for that perfect baby bather.
due to the size you do need a larger sink.
it has worked perfectly- it cradles the baby while still allowing the water to surround him or her.
lastly, i love that it is made in america.
it still is great though!
this simplified bathing our baby by 100 times.
when we received this, bathing became enjoyable instead of a nervous event.
the baby seems to enjoy bathing more too, as the material absorbs warm water and is soft and secure feeling.
it's soft with plenty of cushioning so she's relaxed and comfortable.
the material holds in water and stays warm.
i used the safer bather until my baby was about 5 or 6 months old, but i set it inside a larger inflatable baby bath tub (munchkin inflatable bath duck i bought at a local drug store).
i'm glad i bought it though.
it worked fairly well putting it inside a bigger baby tub.
i gave this 3 stars because out of all of the options we've tried, this still worked best for a tiny baby.
we found a better one in the summer infant baby bather, i think we have the "large comfort" one - it's a mesh seat/lounger that sits up so we don't break our backs bending into the tub, and the baby is secure.
my baby didn't like baths so this was a huge help.
this is the perfect bath for an infant.
after reading all the great reviews i decided this would be perfect for my son who has just grown out of his newborn tub and does not like the baby bath seat i got him.
he was very comfortable and happily kicked away without me having to worry about him falling out of the tub from the force!
this is the best.
i use it with a large infant tub and my baby is supported wonderfully.
he's still getting use to taking a bath and he cried much louder in a normal tub.
you can use it in a tub or sink, but the other infant tub works best for me.
this pad was perfect.
it fit in our kitchen sink perfectly and when our little one grew out of the sink we used the pad in the bath tub.
now that my little one doesn't use the pad anymore, i've dried it out and it hangs in the closet until the next kid (?).
easy to use, much more comfortable for baby than a regular 'baby bath' it takes up less room and absorbs the warm water keeping baby warm .
wouldve been perfect from newborn up.
so once you are done bathing baby, this will not lift out of the tub and if you want to take a bath with your baby this wont allow for fluid movement in the tub.
also this does not in any way elevate the babys head.
also, when added to tub of water, the water soaks into the material but doesnt stay warm.
not a good bather.makes a good place to lay baby on when she gets out of tub...
way more compact than those bulky plastic tubs, it hangs in the closet in the nursery to dry and is pretty darned comfortable and cradling for our little guy.
not for us...
this really worked great for my baby from day one.
it is a really nice, comfortable pad and i think my baby enjoyed using it.
i bought this for my son and daughter-in-law's baby shower.
this bath pad was delivered safely, and on time.
it is of good quality, and is a good price compared to items of similar nature that are non themed.
there is a cat in the hat hooded towel and wash cloths that can be bought along with the bath pad to make a complete dr. seuss bath set.
this bath pad is colorful, and can be used for a baby of either sex.my son and his wife are happy.
it is sturdy, colorful, and beautiful, just like the baby we are all waiting to see.
it is far the best and most comfortable pillow for bathing!
our son is so relaxed and loves his bath time!
i like that because it is spongy, it holds warm water longer.
and the minute the baby starts sitting up, those bumps are uncomfortable for them.
fp has one in their ocean wonders line.
this bath pad is perfect for bathing a newborn.
before i bought this, i read the reviews and saw that some people had mold issues.
i just fill the tub of with warm water and let it lay in it, in order for it to absorb the water, while i undress her.
i lay her in it and wala, she doesn't move!!!
she can still splash her feet which is great!
we had one of these for our first baby.
for us, it's perfect.
this works great.
it keeps baby secure, fills with warm water, is inexpensive and doesn't take up a lot of space.
it is durable fabric and is nice and soft for your baby.
baby lays on it!
enough of your tub water fills up the little well baby's little body makes so he/she stays nice and warm.
washing hair on this is great!
it offers a fantastic barrier or cushion all around your baby.
i bought this for our infant son after reading the glowing reviews on this site.
we've used this for about four months now and it makes bathing our baby so simple.
the safer bather also dries very easily.
has a nice plastic hanger on the top that is great for hanging it on the shower curtain rod to dry.
comfy for my little one, easy to use, and dries fast.
my grandson loves his bather.
shapes to infants body cushions baby.
love this
i like this a lot and so does my son.
perfect for long legged babys.
the safer bather is the best baby bath aid out there!
***update***almost 3 years, two kids and many baths later this safer bather is still getting used and works just like it did when it was new!
i had him stand back to see if i could do it by myself, and 15 minutes later i had finally bathed my 9 weeks old son...
it isn't the cutest thing but it works wonders.
it doesn't float and it doesn't stay submerged.
i use this with the infant to toddler bath by evenflo and the combo works great.
the baby is comfortable and doesn't slip around.
holds up nicely, baby is so comfortable.
a must have; i highly recommend.
i started using this when my son was about 6 months (could have started even a bit sooner) and can see using it for many months to come.
definitely the way to go when you are ready to transition to the big tub.
works very well for a newborn.
make sure you dry outside as oer the package insert.
this pillow keeps my son safe and comfortable, it dries up really well and he can also lie in it on the bathroom floor while i fill the tub.
i like this infant bath pad because it holds my son well, has ample cushion, is soft, and easy to use.
i highly recommend it.
i used it when my 3 year old was a newborn and now i am using it for my new baby.
we used it with my oldest son well past his first birthday.
i bought it for a baby shower so i don't know yet how the mother and baby likes it, but i think they will.
he prefers to be in the warm water rather than on top of it.
i registered and received the safer bather as a shower gift.
it was perfect for those 1st sponge baths and when her cord fell off, we started using this in the "big" tub right away.
it's now 5 months later and we are still using the bather.
our daughter is 14 lbs 3 oz and 26 inches long and she is just as comfortable as day 1 on this bath pillow.
finally i can bathe my son alone without waiting for my husband to come home to help me.
you definitley have to submerge the bath pad in the warm water to prevent cold spots where they lay.
once you do, it works great.
my son is 3 months and we are still using it.
on a whim, i picked up the infant bath pad and slipped it into the eurobath behind her back -- perfect.
she sat much more upright (but still softly cradled), and on the occasions we put her in the grown-up tub, she has an ideal, elevated cushion.
so i opted for this for our first baby.
i couldn't keep my son warm and he slid all around when inside the infant tub.
it does not move at all in the tub and my son stay in place on the bather.
and it keeps him warm and happy.
within a few hours i can move it to the closet so it doesn't interfere with my shower space.
it helps with sponge bathing newborns and it keeps the baby warm when water is poored over it.
i lay it on the bathroom counter and fill the sink with water.
it is soft and my baby loves laying on it.
i bought this pad after reading all the rave reviews on amazon.
with the pad, however, he lies comfortably reclined in the eurotub, waiting for me to pour warm water over his body.also, washing the pad is fairly easy - i'd know, because during one bath, my guy decided to let out the nastiest poo (watery, breast-fed poo) all over the pad and into the tub.
i went through many different bathtubs for my baby girl.
this bath sponge tub is great.
she does not slip slide around, i can wash her entire body much easier, and when the tub is filled properly she is nice and warm.
hope this helps.
we still use it now and he is almost 6 months.
in addition, since the pad is like a giant sponge, it keeps baby warm while you are bathing him.
highly recommend!
however, this advertised as "no tip over" which is another reason i bought it.
i bought this item at a local specialty store and the clerk assured me the item was bpa free.
i contacted baby bjorn to clarify.
to guarantee the safety of our plastic products, all babybj&ouml;rn kitchen and bathroom products are tested by specialized technology resources (str), an independent global provider of quality assurance testing.
through testing, all of our kitchen products have been designated pvc-free, phthalates-free and lead-free.
bpa is an industrial chemical that is used to manufacture polycarbonate plastic.polycarbonate plastic is the plastic that has caused considerable recent controversy because of its use in baby bottlemanufacturing and because it has been proven to leach bpa.
more specifically, the babybj&ouml;rn plate is made of abs (acrylonitrile butadiene styrene) plastic which is certified bpafree.
while both polycarbonate and abs, along with other plastics, have a recycling designation of "7", there is no knownhealth risk associated with abs.
if you have a little one who likes to pick up his or her plate and drop it on the floor this plate is not for you.
i'd give this a 5 if it fit on the tray on our highchair.
but spoons stain easily.
my lo loves to eat with these spoons!
designed/weighted well.
the spoons were good for infant and still good at 16 months for toddler, with deep bowls and easy for her to hold and use herself.
the sides of the bowl are deep, which helps for scooping food onto the spoon when she is self-feeding.
this plate and spoons set has been great for us.
our daughter loves having her own plate, and we take it everywhere - restaurants, vacations, friends' homes.
fortunately for us, our daughter so far does not pick up the place until it is empty, so we haven't had to deal with her throwing a full plate on the floor (yet).
the rounded edges are nice for little hands, and the 3-leaf clover shape helps make scooping food easier.
the spoons are so cute, and very easy to use.
we are overall very happy with it.
this plate is fine as a plate with raised edges, sort of like a cross between a bowl and a plate.
i think that their line is "ok" but not the greatest overall.
i actually bought 2 of this set.
great colors.
the spoon fits well in my 15 months hand and mouth and she likes it.
i have to hold the plate as she eats because the bowl moves with slight force.
she is also able to pick it up and throw it though the instructions say that picking the bowl up for a baby is difficult.
still looking for stainless steel baby bowl.
please do not put any plastic in a microwave especially food for your baby.
this plate isn't perfect but it's the best i've found.
it's more weighted than the typical toddler plate and has nice round edge for scooping food out with fingers or the spoons.
if you child continually picks it up either decide the plate isn't developmentally appropriate yet and try later or enforce a no pick up rule (which i did and yes 10 month old babies can understand what no means).
despite the higher price than most baby plates, i thought the sloped sides would make it hard for baby to pick up, and the curvature of the 3 arcs would make it easy to scoop up food so went ahead and ordered it anyways.
haven't used the bowl yet, but i can tell it will work great.
very smart design.
i can get a good amount of food on it and it easily goes into her mouth because the edges are thin.
also, the color 'frame' has a rubber edge on the bottom, preventing it from slipping or being pushed around the table.
it is sturdy and high quality, what one would expect for the high-ish price; made in sweden.
the edges are design in a way that the food doesn't dance around while my toddler is trying to scoop it.
i also love the look of the plate and spoons.
they have funky and fun colors!
these are by far my favorite dishes for my twins to eat out of and we have a lot of different bowls.my girls are able to grab more food out of these than any of their other dishes, this is due to the sloped & smooth insides.this does not slide all over their high chair tray, it stays right where i put it.it does not tip as many of their other bowls do.these are easy to clean & i hand wash them.
!these are a little pricy but i figured since it was something we would be using everyday, several times a day, it was worth getting something that worked great and would not wear out.several people have complained that their child is able to pick these up & throw them and are dissapointed.
if your child is able to pick things up and throw them since this is not glued down, held by some magnetic force, etc.
my son, 18 months old, is still able to pick it up off the table and dump it out.
baby can easily hold and feed herself with these spoons -- they are great.
because of its shape, he had a hard time reaching his food.
maybe he is too young for it.my son is 13 months now and this is his regular plate now.
he can still flip it over but it works better than the oxo and boon plate.
the low, wide base of the bowl makes it very difficult to tip over.
totally worth it the price.
these are the reasons i bought it.
that does not appear to be an issue with this one.the spoons are ok.
i received the advertised pink spoon, but my secondary spoon was green.
the spoons are very ergonomic for a toddler, but the bowls of the spoons are a bit large for their small mouths.
my baby loves to watch this mobile turn and the hesitation helps him to focus and study the images.
it is nice to have a choice of 2 different songs sets or white noise.
it's a very simple design that aesthetically blends right in with her white crib.
am really glad we got this model.
this mobile is wonderful!
our daughter loves the bright colored animals, and i love how it is so multi-functional.
my son loved this mobile!
our daughter is, was, and still is enthralled with this mobile from the time she started sleeping in her crib.
we rarely if ever use the remote, but it does work.
and the way the mobile pauses to let little eyes focus is just right.
i was a little cautious when registering for this because i thought it to be a little pricey, but with the selection of 3 sets of toys to hang for different ages it is well worth it.
this is a really wonderful mobile.
the swivel arm is great, moving it out of the way.there are a few drawbacks though.
but, i still highly recommend this mobile, just be careful not to bump into it or the crib while the baby is sleeping.
we love this!
the toys are wonderful.
works great.
this is a great mobile.
but babiesrus was great about taking it back and they never questioned us for returning it 3 times!
purchased 2 of these for small grand children - not impressed.
this seat is very unstable and just isn't safe or efficient.
this works great for the size & i like that it's portable.
this might be ok if you are using it in one place for a week vacation or something but not for daily use in restaurants.
this booster seat folds up compactly for travel and is easy to bring along.
it is merely funcntional for holding the seat back at the correct angle.
this was great in when we traveled in the hotel.
i just wish i bought this one for us instead of the fold-n-go seat!i highly recommend!
we got this seat for my 6 month old.
we use it on our balcony as well when we sit outside and she can sit with us.
easy to clean,  great price!
i bought this on the go booster seat because we travel a lot to visit family but it was very disappointing.pros:1.
easy to install2.
compact and easy to carry.cons: (which outweighed by a lot the pros)1.
extremely unsteady.
depending on the dinning room chair size you will be able to use this booster or not.3.
we bought this for an extended trip we were taking.i was not disappointed.it worked great and attached to all different seats (although we had to get creative at times).very compact and easy to fit into the suitcase.
i love them.they are not teeny tiny when folded up but are small enough to keep one in a baby bag, or carry both in a stroller.
the base even though inflated with air is sturdy, solid and firm.
i use them with my 14mo old twins who are also on the small side and they fit perfect.
unless they hit a massive growth spurt and work their way up the percentage chart i could see them using this booster well after 2yrs old.
but again, they are on the slender, small size.the second thing is the seat has small crevices which are a pain to clean smushed food out of.
i took note of this after the first use and now cover the seat with a tea towel before strapping in the kiddos.overall - love.
it packs small and light and does the job.
my son was 13 months when we first used it.
it does its job.
no issues with the connector.
our doorway was too wide and this worked out perfectly.
great.
this extension fit our first years hands free gate perfectly.
it is just perfect.
this extension is great.
it works.
it fits fine into the gate and the quality seems to be good, specifically that it feels to be heavy duty.
these fit perfectly.
they don't compromise the sturdiness of the gate at all, and blend in nicely with the rest of the gate.
we needed these for both our baby gates which don't seem to come wide enough to cover a normal hallway, but this extension works perfectly and we haven't had any problems with it in over a year of everyday use.
my daughter even grabs the rails and shakes them everyday and it has held up without becoming loose.
we bought two of these extensions for the hands free gate that we use for our triplets that just turned a year old.
this gate including extensions are a lifesaver!
the extensions are very easy to add and very sturday.
it keeps it just as strong as sturdy!
this fit just perfectly in our stairway space.
this work ok...
i was much happier with the summer extra tall gate
we had to buy this with the hands free gate because our stairway was just a smidge to wide for the gate itself.
other than that the extension is great.
yes it is soft but look at others.
the eurorider has more padding, which helps a lot, but cost twice as much as the cozyrider(we bought it gently used though!!
)so, bottom line, this is a great carrier for its price - easy to adjust and our baby loves it.
my son is 3 months old, 17 pounds.
i bought it used, without instructions.
there are little buckles and velcro on the sides that you can undo to get baby in and out.
i love that i could adjust everything to fit my baby perfectly.
the carrier is soft and cozy.
my baby felt safe and secure.
the only comparable brands cost more than 3 times as much.
to be honest, we loved our infantino soft carrier.
i actually had my child with me in our huge &quot;convertible&quot; carrier, and saw a woman with her infant in the infantino.
it works nicely facing in or out, which is not true of most other brands.
most carriers pad the child, and then leave very thin, abrasive nylon straps to bite into your shoulders and sides.
excellent for 0-4 months, kind of pushing it from 4-6.
burp cloth is a joke, tiny and fastened on with small velcro dots.
i had bought this to make our daily walk to the mailboxes easy.
it worked great at first.
never used it since
this was an amazing find for my granddaughter!
i use a phlilips avent steamer sterilizer for the bottle part only, and i thought i had warped it somehow so that it leaks from the sides.
a little before our boy reached one year old, our pediatrician told us to gradually make the shift to more and more solid foods.
the transition was easy.
she also suggested that the boy should not be using nipples beyond the year one and we should gradually shift over to using sippy cups.we've used avent bottles, for the most part, and have been very satisfied with them.
as such, when the transition came we simply switched over to the avent 9-ounce magic trainer.
valves are super tough to remove for cleaning,  and they always are being cleaned.
i recommend the first years clean & simple, valve free!
they have them in 3 sizes , with handles and they don't leak!
ever!
not like me 4 sets later :o(
i love the whole avent system!
these are great sippy cups, in large part because all avent pieces are modular and fit each other.
or, you can take the collars from your bottles and fit the magic valve in it.
it is wonderful!
avent cups never leak as long as the valves are inserted correctly.
when she was good, she was very, very good - and when she was bad, she was horrid!when these cups are working right, they are wonderful!
but - these cups are strange.
you will hand it to your child, he will suck for a bit, get angry, and hand the cup back to you.
you have to replace the caps and valves.
but we've switched to playtex and i'm pretty happy with them.
our son is almost 16 months old and we have been using these sippy cups for about 10 months now.
he loved this cup.
it worked wonders for us.
your best bet would be to get one of the wrap-around warmers, which have cute pastel designs on them and mold to the shape of the wipe tub.
it really warm up the wipes, what was perfect for my daughter who was a winter baby.
be sure to buy a very moist wipes....
i would recommend any parent get a wipe warmer, it is a lifesaver.
i bought this because of the wipe warmer, but it is terrible.
i loved the idea of warm wipes on her little bottom, but it just didn't turn out to be practical and she didn't fuss about the cold ones.
use a conventional warm wash cloth.
to much chemicals.
we received this as a gift and love it!
it warms the wipes nicely.
when that happens, i have just added a bit of water and it restores them nicely.
i found that the bottom wipe does turn brown but only when i keep adding the fresh wipes to the top and the bottom ones were older.
it works better with the huggies wipes.the only other issue is that the lid collects condensed water and i am afraid of it leaving a puddle on our furniture.
it also helps to unplug it overnight to minimize drying.
these are all minor hinderences, but the organizer is the bigger hassle.
the organizer isn't totally functionless, however, as i use it to store her extra burp rags.
its a big hastle to just plug and unplug to keep the baby wipes warm for your baby booty.
its very convient to use.
i just warm it by holding the wipes in my hand until i think its warm enough for my baby booty.
the best way, you could get a small heat where you can hold it up to it and warm it until its ready to be used.
like most other parents, i was happy at finding a warmer at a reasonable price, and this worked well for the first year but then it quit.the organizer caddy was handy.
the front of the caddy is a zip-up net and inside you can fit about 15-20 diapers.
the warmer snaps onto the caddy so that it won't fall off the top easily.it also has a tendency to "cook" the bottom wipes and turn them dark yellow to brown.
i think most units this size are plug-in.
it fits all size wipes, but does not have the feature for pop up wipes.
and it holds an entire refill size of wipes.
it is very easy to open and there is no lock for the lid.
then wiped her with warm cloths that were conviently located.
a friend recommended a wipe warmer after he got one for his 4th child.
since the especially for baby one seemed a reasonable price, we experimented with it.
we use ours everyday and they still dry out.
but having warm wipes to clean her and wash her off when we are in a hurry definately outweighs the dried out wipes at the bottom.
the wipe warmer works fine but it does dry wipes out from the bottom.
works better if you keepa damp wash cloth at the bottom.
the diaper organizer works up to size 2 diapers.
size 3 diapers & beyond just don't fit right...sometimes this item works too well & the wipes are too hot for immediate use.
the seat does not rotate very well.
i expect and hope it does the same for my new son.
i love that it bounces, rocks, and spins.
i think it is cuter than the traditional saucers and is more entertaining.
highly recommended a+
my 1 year old daughter uses one of these when we are sitting outside.
the age requirement states for 4 mos and up.
my son is in the 95th percentile for height and his feet still didn't touch the floor at 6 mos.
we are on our third batch of these sippy cups for our twin daughters.
they are simply to use, come in wonderful, vibrant colors, and are surprisingly hard to generate messes with (a bonus with two children).the cups themselves are sturdy and durable.
we use them every day, and replace them fairly frequently (when the start to look dingy and 'old'), and have thus far been quite happy with these cups.however!
we hand wash all plastics that our daughters use, so if you use the dishwasher for cleaning these your experience is likely to differ.
we toss the cups as soon as this becomes noticeable, but a slight design change to eliminate the space would be welcome to those of us who are hand washing.these cups certainly fulfill their mission and i am very happy we have them, i just wish we could get a little more mileage out of them before tossing (since every little bit helps - replacing frequently is somewhat expensive!).
these cups are great because they are not the traditional spill-proof sippy cups that you find everywhere!
we have these and the philips avent bpa free natural drinking cup, 9 ounces (which is a pretty fast flow for a little one)... our 3 other brands are sitting on the shelf collecting dust!more pros:great price!
these sippy cups are fantastic.
we love all the different colors and that they are space savers in the cabinet.
these sippy cups are perfect.
as for traveling, they do come with one travel cap which is nice, but instead, i also purchased thethe first years 6 pack take & toss snack cups, 4.5 ounce, colors may varywhich have lids that fit perfectly on the sippy cups.most importantly, my baby drinks out of these with no problems!
for outside, or the zoo/park/beach/kitchen they are great.
my kids are 2.5 years and 1.25 years respectively, and both enjoy using these take and toss cups.
thankfully for us, our kids keep the cups upright and are beyond the cup gnawing phase; these cups are perfect for our family.that said, this cup is probably not the best for beginning cup users or kids who still like to throw cups around, but are great for those who are just trying to learn how to walk around with a drink and may sometimes drop a cup by mistake.
first off, my son hated sippy cups.
we started trying to use them at 6 months to introduce different juices, and he very rarely ever willingly took a sippy cup.
anyhow, with very light use and hand washing of these cups, all of the spouts started cracking.
my son was always more interested in just playing with that piece than actually drinking from the darn cup.
conclusion, these are definitely not going to be the only sippy cups you ever buy if you go with these.
without reservation this is the best cup out there!
our 15 month loves it, its easy to use and we take a couple with us everywhere.
the lack of handles is a benefit and the slow drip design keep spills to a minimum.
easy to clean, and easy for baby to use - these are perfect.
they're cheap enough i bought sets to get through the summer.
i'd highly recommend these.
does a great job of not spilling and keep a good flow of milk/water into our toddler's mouth.
great price.
i bought these for travel because i figured we would loose several on the way.
we don't use our insulator ones anymore.
they don't leak, they are a good size, and they are lightweight for little hands.
i'm happy with them and recommend buying both sizes.
but if you lose one its ok because they are super cheap to replace.
first off, this is not a cup for a parent with a child that throws cups or pulls lids off or flips cups upside down and shakes them on a regular basis.
our son sits well in it and doesn't scream or anything in it either so that's a huge plus.
it is very compact which is a nice plus for traveling and space.
i like being able to attach it to other chairs and being able to get it back together in no time without any help.
there is still a lot of engineering that needs to be done on this model.
one of my guys is a little chubby and we can't put the tray on beacause it squeezes his tummy.i do like the fact that it fold up very nicely for travel purposes.
we bought this without really taking time to research it because we were in a rush over the summer and needed a booster to use at a relatives house who doesn't have one.
i wish i read the reviews first, because i would have bought the "on the go" booster instead.
i love this seat!
how cool is that!
it travels so nicely!
)*  a lap belt that keeps my son in the chair.
great!
(also, make sure it isn't too thick or it will smush against the glass when you frame it.)
it really does look wonderful if you can spend some time on it (which mamas don't tend to have).
however, it's probably better as foam because it won't put stress on the adhesive tape that holds it into the frame.i consider myself a pretty crafty person and strive to make things look perfect, but it was extremely difficult to work with.
i read many of the amazon reviews for tips (thanks!)
the foam stuck in certain areas, primarily around the edges, which get cut off.
a bit of touchup with fingers will help, but there is no way you can expect perfection and that annoys me.when it was all done, a piece of black lint stuck to the middle of the footprint.
i agree that if you don't flip it, the mold will curl/warp.
used scissors to trim off some roughness on the cut edge.
we bought two sets, one for each child.
the lady on the phone was very supportive and offered a few tips.
i then placed a piece of waxed paper lightly over the print and used my finger to smooth out any wrinkles in the clay and then transferred it onto a piece of foil to lay while it dried.
my only real complaint though is that the backgrounds that it comes with are either pink or blue.
my husband bought this.
the frame was easy to put together after the caste was all dry.
it worked great.
the frame itself is just okay, but the easy to put together footprint and photo for grandparents made it worthwhile.
great gift!
i have used these for each of my children and i love how easy it is to capture their tiny foot prints.
do not strive for perfection or you will hate this, but a great print is possible.
not easy but doable and the results are priceless.
love them!
not clay like other things i got but works nice cause this foam does not crack like clay.
quality is pretty good.
the instructions tell you to roll it in aluminum foil.
i love the backpack style and how compact it is and it works great.
i think the price is very reasonable and well worth.
it has plenty of room and is stylish.
there is only 1 compartment for bottles and it is small and does not accommodate all types.
the sound quality is wonderful.
maybe it'd work better in a home where the recievers are farther apart.
it does however, pick up the lightest sounds from my daughter, you just have listen very closely.
the moving lights are a nice feature and work perfectly.
all in all, i probably wouldn't buy it, but as a gift it works well enough.
i received the graco dual receivers as a baby shower gift.
i travel to indiana because my younger sister lives there.
it is great.
this monitor is wonderful.
best of all it is one of the most affordable monitors on the market.
i highly recommend the sony babycall monitor (also carried by babies r us, but not online).
i bought the sony and retired the fisher price and am sleeping better than i have in weeks.
the price is also unbeatable.
we got this as one of our shower gift.
we use the brush and comb a lot also.
not to mention its bulkyness.we returned it and bought nursery and bath care set by summer infant products.
for additional [money] you get a few more extra items, all secured in elastic loops in a compact pouch.
the only things in it i can use are the nail clippers (but i cannot use the magnification because it distorts everything and i cannot see my sons nails),  the hair brush which is nice, the comb which is nice, and the nail files which i dont like anyways because the chalkboard scrapping sound lol.
the thermometer [stinks]!
great for peace of mind!
i have to agree with many of the reviews here...these outlet plugs manage to keep babies and adults from accessing outlets pretty effectively, but that was why i bought them.
it seems there are two types of outlet plugs available at this point: those that babies can figure out in very little time (and are easy for parents to remove too) and those that keep babies out (yet give parents trouble as well.
i'm willing to spend the extra 10 seconds and a little minor effort to pull them out to keep it that way.
they are impodsible to remove.
i had to use a pointed tool with one hand while squeezing three buttons simultaneously with the other hand.
don't buy.
and, they're the only ones i've found that work on the plugs with the rectangular openings in the face plate.
he can pull on them all he likes, but he doesn't think to use the two-step release system.
your best bet is to alternate: use these in your baby's primary play area and choose a more user-friendly model for the places you plug in most.
(the simple ones without the release buttons.)
this works for us.
these will definitely keep your little one out of the outlets -- highly recommended for safety!
if you have similar issues, you may not want to use them in outlets that you need to use frequently.
unobtrusive, and my toddler hasn't figured them out yet -- can't argue with that.
they are a bit tricky to get in and out, and they require enough force that if your outlets aren't solidly mounted, they'll move about too.
i have twin boys who see everything as an interesting challenge, yet they can't get these covers out of the outlet.
these are so much better than the old style plug covers, which my daughter used to just pluck right out of the outlet and put in her mouth.
we installed these on outlets that we use often and they are a breeze to remove.
pro:  i feel confident that my child will not be able to remove thesecon: we have a hard time removing these when we need to use the outlets.
it definitely takes two hands to push the top button and squeeze the sides at the same time.
my 18 month old son easily pops off all the other plug covers but cannot get these off.
i love these outlet plugs.
we had the cheaper ones by the same company that you don't press to put in the outlet and my 18 month old daughter was able to pull them right out.
we bought two types, put these in the areas our son has a lot of access, and on outlets we dont use much.
we used a cheaper, easier to remove style on the other outlets.
these work well keeping people out of the plug.
these are not easy to remove....actually, they are a nuisance if you decide you want to use the outlet.
i have three kinds in the house, and these are by far my favorite.
there is no way he is going to be able to remove these!
i am very glad i bought these!
very disappointed in the outlet covers, as we are probably going to have to replace them with a different kind.
we'll see when our little girl gets interested in outlets...
you have to squeeze the two size buttons and depress the top button at the same time.
i bought these based on the great reviews and put them in the outet.
i guess they are good at keeping your child out of the outet, but not practical if you ever plan on using the outlet.
my daughter has the kind that just plug in and you have to pry your fingernail down between the plug and the fixture to get the darned thing off.
all you do is squeeze the sides and push the top button and they pull right out.
i'm happy with the purchase.
with the top button continually depressed, you need to patiently rock the plug up and down until it comes out.
personally i feel that the tight fit is a sign of a good design and most certain to frustrate even those toddlers with good coordination.after a few weeks of regular use, my husband can now remove them with one hand in a single pull.
so these gadgets did and still do help me, especially the nail clippers, files, and hair brush.
-- and can be used for an older child as well as a wriggly, sick baby.
the brush is too rough for a baby under 2, and the comb i started to use it when my daughter was 3 months old, because is too rough for a newborn.
great for travel.
this package has every thing i was looking fore and in a great price ...it's perfect for all new moms
this is another must, i love the brush and the nail clippers, they are perfect for her little fingers and she loves chewing on the handle of the tooth cleaner.
i bought it and im only using daily the brush and the nail clippers.
this nursery and bath care set contains a number of highly useful baby items stored in a case that's compact and sturdy enough for regular travel.
it's a pretty simplistic digital model that needed to be held in place too long to get very accurate readings from a baby.
my wife and i use it ourselves and it works fine.
if your baby tends to get a lot of fevers, invest in a high-end ear or forehead thermometer for the best combination of accuracy and speed.
we loved our hospital experience, but our parting gifts consisted of a bulb aspirator (which wasn't as nice as the one in this kit), a pat on the back and a "have a nice day now".
important: the best tool for clipping infant nails is a normal adult cuticle clipper.
i love the storage aspect of the 30-piece kit as it zips up neatly and allows enough room to consolidate other relevant things such as teethers.
you'll also be missing out on the changing pad and baby wipe container none of the other kits come with.the little remedies kit will have everything else you may be missing from a medical sandpoint.
this is a fantastic kit to give any new parent.
the only items i really use are the nail clippers, thermometer and baby brush.
because the nail clippers are so big in my hand i don't drop them as easily as i would regular small ones if my baby hits my hand.
they are nice and sharp also.
the brush is like a typical baby or doll brush (very soft and fine) and doesn't help getting the cradle cap scales off very well.
the tub thermometer is ok, but is rather hard to read underwater.
this kit is great.
i didnt know they had a pink option but the blue still looks nice for my baby girl.
it has the basics that make a first time mom-to-be feel a little better about bringing her baby home from the hospital.
i love the brush, very soft and the fact that it all fits in that case is nice to have organized.
the brush and comb are obviously highly useful.
the temp tester has been used since his first tub bath at just a few weeks old and still is.
has been great.
not an oral.
i was told by both my son's doctor, her nurses, and the workers at babies r us that the ear thermometers were less reliable unless you got a hospital quality one, which is not what is available in the stores.
you can buy both of these seperately & i would have if i knew i'd not use the rest of the kit!
i got this for my baby shower and was very disappointed when i opened it.
my favorite items are the nail clipper (which you can actually hold on to), the water temp (much easier to read than the one with the tub), and the brush (nice and soft).
those nails are also so soft the first couple of years that you won't be able to use the scissors or files on them.
none you will ever buy will work as well as the one they give you in the hospital.
they are inaccurate and the doctor will not take readings form them.we still haven't used the medicine spoon or dropper.
and at 14 months our daughter still can't take any medication from a spoon.
our doctor said that usually doesn't happen until 3 years of age.then there were the tweezers in this set...in 14 months we still have not figured out what these things are for!
you've also got the toothbrush.
the bristles are also more like that of an adult toothbrush.
so this was added to our stash of cleaning brushes.so what have we used of this set...the brush.
the comb still makes her cry (it scratches her head) and gets tangled very easily in her curly hair.
but we use the brush every single day.
this is one of those rare occasions.
i am thoroughly pleased with this kit.
everything in this kit is a necessity and works well.
the scissors work for nails as well.
the brush is excellent....very soft bristles for my daughter who doesn't have much hair yet.
the bulb syringe works better than the one from  gerber that i have and the thermometer was a cinch to use as well.
definitely the best kit with the most baby essentials.
the thing i use most in this kit is the hair brush.
the brush and comb are okay.
i put this on my registry and received it at my shower.
i have been pretty pleased with it as well!
*the nail clippers work great!
i'd definitely recommend it with the fact that you won't use everything at once in mind.
the compact pouch securely holds everything in place which is great for traveling.
great value!
i received this set as a gift.
it would make a terrific gift.
also, they help to my daughter to lear to drink independently.
he can't grasp the entire bottle so these are ideal.
love them.
the first day we used them our girl clutched on with a little help, and through one year she would play with them and hold on while eating.
better than a smooth bottle to learn how to grab on.
we have since bought the "training cup" or whatever it's called from avent, and i was happy to see that these handles transition to the cup, too.
we took a chance on the &#34;colors may vary&#34; and lost... got pink for our son.
my boy finds these handles really easy to use.
i am thrilled that avent offers these handles (& their non spill soft spouts).
the handles are perfect for little hands & giving the consumer the option to modify what they already own is ingenious.
this handles are fine.
i bought these and the avent spouts so i can use my bottles as sippy cups.
they are a little stiffer than i expected, and colors definitely vary.
i have a boy, and received pink.
do replace sippy cups atleast every 6 months.
even though i saw the disclaimer &#34;colors may vary&#34;, i still did not expect to receive 2 pink trainer handles.
the picture even displays two handles of different colors.
my son is starting to hold the bottle himself and these handles are a big help.
i love that the avent bottles i am currently using can grow with my son and turn into sippy cups.
then you can use these as sippy cups.
this frame is perfect for a small shelf/area.
i highly recommend it.
it is such a beautiful and stylish frame.
i expected smaller size and was gladly surprised that it is a medium size.
looks great in a baby room.
note that it can only be used for verticle pictures because the images on the sides are set to be vericle.
this is a nice frame.
the lines and edges are smooth.
it's detailed and has a lot going on, so it definitely will be eye catching even amongst other frames, and also looks good just on its own.the finish is definitely more pewter and not at all silver.
i have two twins, 8 mnt b.b and 3 year old b/g.
she has a 3 month old and an 18 month old.
well at bru there was a disposal system i didnt see before, low and behold....
the dekor plus!
my friends have k.o the champ and wished away of their diaper genies.
however, besides the smell that hangs around the nursery for a little while after changing, the diaper dekor has kept the poopy smell at bay throughout the summer, with minimal air conditioning in our home.
this is very user friendly: refills are easy to insert, bags are easy to remove when full, and you can even use it as a regular trash can when that glorious day arrives when your little one is potty trained.
we had the old square model where the inner lids in the pail are round and fold to the inside of the pail (that is the model in this picture).
we bought the dekor plus at babies r us.
the diaper dekor plus now is oval and the inner lid is square.
it now has a system to cut the bag on the inside of the pail, which is nice, and it has a lock for the inner lid of the pail.
the new oval version does not work as well, also get the smaller size model -the dekor not the dekor plus.-
i bought this for my child's nursery.
i recently purchased a second diaper dekor plus for the downstairs as our regular trash can was starting to smell a bit.
i absolutely love this diaper pail and recommend it!!
this is a great diaper bin.
it operates great and seems to be well constructed.
i have been using it for 2 weeks and so far i love it.
the diaper dekor is excellent and does the job well.
my nursery has been smell free from diaper odor because of the dekor plus diaper system.
we used this with the plastic refills for the first few months while using disposables & then switched to using a planet wise pail liner when we started cloth diapering.
it has a small "razor edge" (very well protected from any injury) on the inside of the door that you slice the bag off however full it is.
i bought two boxes before my daughter was born, and she is now 8 months old, and i still have not had to buy any more boxes yet!
regular cleaning and lysoling helps keep the pail as fresh as possible.i reccomend this pail to all my friends.
personal experience, reviews and word of mouth are the best way to gather your research in the quest for your perfect baby products!
you can use regular kitchen bags with this one!
i works great and i love that you can lock it.
the diaper dekor is the best.
no way.
both were very easy to use, and helped to keep our nursery stink-free.
if you go back and forth with cloth and disposable, or plan to do one and then the other, this is a great option, as you can use it easily for both options, as opposed to the munchkin or diaper genie, which are much harder to use with cloth.
this diaper pail keeps the smells in, while allowing you to cut the bags and throw them out whenever you want!
we purchased this when for our nursery.
honestly, i originally wanted this one because it looked nicer than the other pails, and the white and grey went with our nursery.
our baby is only 6 months so i haven't had to worry about this yet, but she's crawling and into everything, so i'm sure it's not far off.-looks nice.
it really does look like a nice diaper pail.
also, the narrow width makes it perfect to fit between our dresser/changing table and the wall.-refills last forever.
we got the diaper genie as a shower gift.
buy the 1 1/2" width.put a strip over the recessed knob, and the kids won't be able to open the diaper dekor.
my son is now 3 months old, and therefore still in the baby poop phase, and we have not yet had any odor issues with this system.
the changing station we use most often is the one that attaches to his pack and play in our bedroom, and so this disposal system is in our bedroom all the time.
that has to be expected.it holds a lot, we empty it about twice a week, and the refill cartridges last for ages!
it is a good system, and i would purchase it again.
you really need to remember what these systems are for, and that there will always be some degree of smell leakage from any diaper disposal system.
pros: easy to use and change the bag.
i highly recommend this diaper pail.
we love the ability to take out the trash anytime, and the ease of getting to the bags and replacing the bags.
we have also put regular trash bags in when we have run out the refills and that works great as well.
one way to mitigate it is to use munchkin nursery fresheners or any other form of the deodorant/baking soda and place them at the bottom of the bin.
it works exactly the same, holds the odors in the same, is much cheaper, and holds more diapers.overall, we've been happy with the dekor, but for the price, a regular step can works just as well for much cheaper.
we are very pleased with this diaper pail.
however, the thing we were most impressed with is the simple yet efficient disposal system.
also, we like the re-usability aspect as a trash can for later.
i love the diaper dekor plus.
our son is 3 months old and we've only just opened a second bag a couple of weeks ago!
diapers need special attention, and the diaper dekor plus fits the bill!i highly recommend this stylish, practical and cost-effective disposal system!
i can't speak on the ability of this diaper trashcan to contain smells since we are still breastfeeding ... but the design is awesome!
this pail fits about 18 cloth pre folds/fitteds, 6 covers, 18 cloth wipes.
so i bought the diaper champ.
its compact yet holds the same ammount of diapers that the "champ" does.
its the same size on top that it is on bottom so there is no chance of it tipping.
simpleusing the dekor is easy as well...no handles to twist or turn...you dont even have to use your hands.
if you are using disposables i highly reccomend the dekor plus.
awesome!!!!
the inner flap can be locked if you have nosy toddlers or pets.
i use it with a pail liner for my cloth diapers.it does a great job of keeping the smells in.
it worked for some people, but i am not loving it.
and sturdy.
we also like the fact that it can be used as a trash can later on.
most importantly, the bags are super easy to change!
i got this diaper pail soon after my son started on solid foods.
the nursery just smelled of stale poop constantly (it doesn't help that our baby is very regular with 4-5 poops a day) so we moved it to the garage.
it was wonderful when she was a baby.
the other diaper pails you have to adjust, and it is hard enough to keep a squirming baby on the table.
so now we use the dekor as a trash can in the bathroom (which works great) and we use the regular trash for her diapers.
i did so much research when making my baby registry on this piece of equipment for her nursery because there are just so many options out there and so many people with different opinions.
my husband is very happy with it and not bothered at all in using it.
thediaper dekor plus 2-pack refill biodegradableis not as effective, i think because of the different plastic they use to make them "biodegradable".overall, i'm completely satisfied with it and so glad i did all of the research i did!
it definitely helps with the smell.
smooth open and close via foot pedali'm very happy with this purchase.
with a squirming child, being able to use one hand for diaper disposal is a plus!
i also love the economical practicality of the refills.
beware, as your child ages, this system does not hide the odors.
we have the changing table in our bedroom and the diaper dekor right beside it.
you can use this system with one hand.
i had my baby in december 2005 and i am still using the original bags it came with as of february 2006.
we've been using the diaper dekor plus since our baby was born eight months ago.
tip - if you roll up the dirty diaper and then fold over the sides using the velcro to secure, you make a little "package" that easily drops into the diaper dekor and allows more diapers to fit inside.
ok, i own a diaper genie and this pail as well.
this is a good "light use" pail with flexible bag options, so for that i give 4 stars.
i absolutely love the design of this pail.
we got this as a shower gift and we also have a genie for our second changing area.
i live in a trailer and we have super tiny rooms.
this pail is a life saver.
the pail is super lightweight and the bags last a while!
we have had a diaper genie at both my home and my parents.
it's small and sleek, so not at all an eyesore in our very minimalist nursery, but it is also very functional.
it's easy to use, keeps odor to a minimum, and refilling it is a piece of cake.
i received this item at my baby shower (11/03) and we still have it.
i have to put air freshners inside it to help with the odor.not a great pail, it doesn't cost cheap, but it's made cheap.
love the low profile aesthetic as well!
i feel that the diaper dekor is one of the best on the market right now from my experience.
this one looks nice and is easy to use.
i am very glad i received this as a shower gift.
i've been using this pail for 1 month now and it has been wonderful.
the pail looks great too, i bought the sage color.
great buy!
this diaper pail is wonderful!
very simple.
highly disappointed in this diaper disposal system.
much less expense option and works the same as this system!
it would be perfect for tolitries and other items in the bathroom!!!
!you can even change it wile baby is sleeping.
this one is a better combination of both.
we got the dekor and the diaper champ as gifts and kept both for the two changing areas in our house.
i have had this diaper pail for about 2 1/2 years, i recieved it at my first sons baby shower.
it holds a ton of diapers and pull-ups!
it is very easy to dump in a diaper one handed, and the refils last months, litteraly!
and he is not potty trained, but will be soon!
hopefully this will help with the stink.
i love the dekor plus.
i loathe the diaper champ.
my mother and sister use diaper champ and i have the diaper dekor plus.
with diaper champ you have to plan ahead and pull open the unit or you have a dirty diaper in one hand and have to leave the baby to use your free hand to open the champ.
(2) price the bags before hand, because as others have pointed out, they're the real expense over time.
(3) our secondary flapper door was hanging open the past few weeks, probably the result of a loose spring affected by corrosion (the air stays moist inside this pail).
after checking out all the different kinds of diaper pails we decided to go with this one.
as for changing the liner, it is very easy.
when i saw that the refills cost about $20.00 for 3 bags i thought oh my gosh.
we take them out probably 3 times a week, and that works great.
you can even do it while holding the baby.
this is an excellent diaper pail!
you definitely want this one on your registry!!
great design!
trap door keeps odors at bay and sleek design looks great in the nursery.
we've had the dekor for 8 months now and are very pleased with it.
the pail is so tiny, i have to change the bag daily.
it was very convenient to step on the lid, have it pop right open, and drop the used diaper in, usually pretty neatly.
then, as we started to incorporate baby food into his diet, the pail was just... sorta workin'.
we live in a small condo and his room is quite small as well.
otherwise, nope.
fantastic at odor control.my complaints - minor - are the latch, which as others have noted is a bit flimsy and takes a bit of fiddling sometimes to get it to stay closed (not always easy with a 2-year-old trying to "help"!
easy to use.
even regular trash bags cost something...4.
the style (foot pedal controlled flip-up top with trap doors in) makes it impossible for our puppy to get into, and this dog is an expert at trash cans.
i highly recommend this diaper pail.
but what i can say is that i am totally happy with this pail.
my son is now 6 months and starting solids, so we will see if the smell is still contained once his poops really start stinking :-)agree though with one other reviewer that it would be nice if you got a heads up that the bag inside was almost out (like changing color or something).
i'm sooo glad that i bought this item.
i think that the price was fair for such an attractive and well working system.
best of all the bags smell like baby powder, so when you're changing out the bags, you smell baby powder, not poopoo.
most important!
refills are only available in babies r us or at babies r us online.
be sure that you buy "diaper dekor plus" refills for the diaper decor plus.
i accidentally bought "diaper dekor" refills.
other than that, this is a wonderful product and highly recommended.
as a first time mom i was pleasantly surprised to find this diaper pail actually works!
so many of my friends tried diaper genie and others and claimed that no diaper disposal system really keeps out the smell or works very well.
we've tried others as well and have concluded this one is the best and by far the easiest to use (just step on the lever it and throw the diaper in) - i want the least amount of interaction with the contents as possible and this diaper pail fills that bill.
the daiper dekor plus works pretty well for the first 8 months.
like most trash cans, you step on the pedal to open the lid.
that said, it still works.now that our baby is growing up, however, we've been using our dekor less and less.
this diaper pail is great!
regardless of what he eats and what his "output" is, as long as you close the diaper the way you should, this pail holds in odors just as well as any other diaper disposal system does.i personally think the design is ingenious!
we are on the first refill in the first pack.
but it most certainly is not complicated.
works perfectly well - keeps smells out.
also much cheaper than the diaper genie option.
doesn't take up much floor space and very easy to use.
would highly recommend.
overall, i am very pleased with it.
you can always put some plywood under the pail and pedal for extra support.
the refills are a bit tricky to replace the first time, but once you get the hang of it, it's very easy.
there are three to a box and we've only used two boxes in eight months.
i've tried adding some baby powder or baking soda to the bag to help absorb the odor.
i have two sets of twins, 8 month b/b and 3 year old b/g.
and giving him kisses amd making him do all kinds of tricks.
well maybe number two, but no one ever beats their loveys puppy and doggy!
our baby, now 5 months old, loves his pupsqueak and has since he was 4 or 5 weeks old.
he loves to touch and pat it all over, pulling and grabbing each part to make all the sounds.
he loves to look at it and touch it.
everytime he sees it, his eyes light up.
its very bright, with high color contrasts ( which babies love).
we use him to give variety to our son and zach really loves him!
its perfect for those really silent times when everyone needs a good laugh.
along with max, pups (what we call him) is perfect for tummy time.
pups is very durable and has been easily spot cleaned and even in the wash!
the colors are great for my son to stare at and he just loves him.
it also comes with a multitude of sounds, textures and colors, which has kept our son interested since the moment he laid eyes on it.
definitely.
no way.
these kinds of toys are everywhere.
i can lay her on the floor with this and she will move it back and forth, grab at it, and pull the ring into her mouth.
she absolutely loves the sound the ears make.
she likes the dangling bone and loves the crackling of the ears.
my son loved this!
he loved playing with it and it washed wonderfully as well.
in fact we bought the cat as well since he loved it so much!
i am pumping 100% because my daughter will not latch on (another story - issues with losing >10% and having to supliment with a bottle with expressed milk - nipple confusion) so finding the right pad to put on always sensitive nipples is critical.
they were soft and comfortable.
with my current baby i purchased the avent pads again but found them to be rough and itchy.
they are soft and made in france.
these pads are advertised as absorbent, discreet and contoured...however i can only agree with the absorbent aspect.
thankfully my wife is a stay at home mom-only the baby sees her with these things!
these are great for nursing mothers.
they were received well and i've been told they're comfortable and very convenient.
won't be ordering again.
the avent pads were relatively inexpensive and work wonderfully!
i buy the 100ct two boxes at a time.
these are by far my favorite.
these factors are really important especially in those first few weeks when nipples may be a little bit sore and there is a lot of leaking.
to me this is a completely worthwhile trade-off to have soft, comfortable pads.
not very comfortable.
lansinoh is the best i've used.
my shirt and bra would end up damp anyway.-the absorbent material does not draw moisture away from skin.
it came with a trial pair of the nighttime pads, they're thicker and worked great.
the daytime version works very well, they're soft and cushy with a nice contour.
in a pinch i'd definitely pick up a package but my primary will be lansinoh's disposables.
i also found that it tends to move (slightly) even when attached.
but i prefer lansinoh and that is what i use now even at nights.
i usedevenflo 60 count simplyabsorbent nursing padbefore and liked them better.
lasinoh work okay, but are pink in color on the outer shell (which don't work well with white bras or white shirts) and they trap moisture which can lead to infection.
the price is very reasonable as well.
that seems most logical to me.so, all in all, if you can get them centered and keep them from moving then they will be pretty absorbant.
this is important to me because i don't want "liquid" locked in between plastic and my skin.
i have never had a leak-through and have been very pleased with the success of these pads.
these nursing pads are a bit thick, so they tend to show under tight fitting tops.
i love using these around the house and at bedtime when i need them to last a bit longer.
i like the avent 60 count pads better bcuz they are bigger & i feel like they're more asorbant.
again in terms of absorbency it does its wonderful job.
it has thick layers it keeps leaks away from your skin.
great deal for the price.
easy!
plus, they look great, and i prefer them to the metal stops anyhow!
at this price, you should be able to replace all the stops in your home!
i liked these at first but now i don't like them as much because my 3 year old sometimes likes to step on them causing damage to the trim they are screwed into.
keep that in mind.
it would be nice to see these in a flexible design but i'm not aware of any.
simple to install and effectively ends all worries about my son accidentally choking on the rubber end of a typical door stop.
we bought this for my step son when he was 11 mos old and he loved it!
my little boy is walking now, but he still likes pushing it back and forth across the floor and riding on it.
my daughter loved this toy.
she also loves when we convert it to a ride on toy and push her around.
she also loves to push the nose and just dance to the music.
she still uses it to push around, but now she really loves to sit on it and scott around.
she also loves the ram into things with it and since it is lightweight it doesn't hurt anything.
this toy is sturdy and easy for my daughter to move around.
i think the width of the toy and the wide wheels help to keep the toy moving at a good pace.
it is very affordable and worth every penny.
in closed form is a rider, opened the seat splits into a v to form a walker.
he loves to dance to the music now.
the picture was clear enough to see the baby move around and the sound worked great (i experimented with my 6 month old nephew) the monitor was large and heavy, not something you would want to carry around.
so i took it back and upgraded to the summer's color baby monitor which also very well and i am very happy with.
monitor in our bedroom, and bought another monitor for the livingroom.
we love it!
i have used this monitor every day since i brought my son home in march of 2005.
it has been an essential tool in looking after our son.
with a minor adjustment to the camera angle, we are able to observe him in his big bed.
i spoke with summer infant customer support today at (800) 268-6237, to determine if it is compatible with the new hand held color monitor i will be purchasing for our new baby, and they are very helpful.
this has really helped our transition to getting our son into his own room at night!
our son was perfectly fine when we transitioned him to his own room, but my husband and i were a nervous wreck!
this monitor helps us keep peace of mind and be able to rest.
we have had minimal problems with static and the sound/picture quality is great - even the night vision feature!
we get a kick out of seeing our son exploring in his crib and not even knowing he has an audience!also, when he is napping, it makes it easy to check on him without actually entering his room - which always used to wake him up.i understand from the other reviews that durability and longevity may be an issue with this item.
audio does this nicely.
as someone else pointed out, reception isn't always good on this model either.
look at the price tag on this compared to a simple audio.
i was the only one not sleeping well my sons first night in his crib.
it is so clear i can see his smiles and depending on what color his pjs are i can see his chest move when he breathes.
i think this item is worth every penny for the piece of mind it gives me.
buy it and you will not be sorry.oh and fyi we have two cordless phones in our house and 8 million other gagdets and nothing interfers with the reception.totally impressed.
after moving our 4 month old from our room to hers to sleep in her crib, we found that the monitor had excellent range.
in addition, it is lightweight and portable.
it seems it worked for some wonderfully and not so great for others or not at all.
i took it back to the store and they said certain brands dont work in certain homes.
i saw the safety first one and it was slightly higher in price but i knew my other regular monitor was safety first and it worked so i bought it and got it home and it worked fine.
i love this item!!!!
very durable, and keeps your carseat protected from abusive handling by the airlines!
this is great for travelling.
it was nice to have my suitcase all to myself.
worked great!
when i was traveling alone with my baby, it allowed me to push a stroller, pull a suitcase, and carry the carseat at one time.
i had bought this right before we moved 1/2 ways across the world.
it was perfect.
please bring back the old style!!!!
we love the playtex insulators.
this is one of our many purchases as we have added to our sets over the years.
one note of caution, do not try to boil these as it warps the cups and then the seal is not correct.
i live in england .
it will take for ever .
soo not happy
these are the best sippy cups.
i have used them for all my kids and always gift them at baby showers for new moms as well!
these are sturdy cups, though, so they might work well for older toddlers who can be taught to leave cups standing upright but who aren't yet ready for open top cups.
these hardly ever leak, take a lot of abuse and keep drinks cool.
i bought one of the new spout cups with the circle valve as a replacement for one of my original design spout cups that melted in the dishwasher.
every time my daughter took a sip it leaked from the area between the top and the cup.
but i love their new coolster and the non insulated cups.
at least 3 are used daily and none are broken, the seals still hold even when tossed in a bag, and our daughter enjoys drinking out of them.
i took a chance, because the price can't be beat.
playtex makes some very girlie cup designs and wouldn't you know it, that's what we got for our son.
(girl, boy, neutral)
i bought these for my son because i wanted something that would keep his drinks cool and didn't leak.
i have not had any problem with them leaking although they will lose some fluid if dropped on the floor, but it doesn't continue to leak.
they do a great job at keeping drinks cool, they are easy to wash and if they do start to leak the valve is replaceable.
playtex sippy cups are by far the best sippy cups!
i have used others by gerber and avent- which both leaked!
this feature is particularly nice if your child sips a little here and a little there- esp.
we've tried several different cups and these are by far the best.
my biggest head ache with sippy cups are reassembling the valves after washing and these are the easiest.
my kids also love them.as another reviewer posted you might need to replace the valves every now and again because they dont age well.
if you turn it not tight enough...it will leak.
this is the absolute best price you can get on these playtex sippy cups.
for example, in two sets we got a navy blue space scene with red and while space stuff and a red lid, a multicolored dino scene with pale blue lid, a butterfly scene with most yellow and green with a pink lid, and a purple and green flower design with a green lid.
we have been using these cups for about a year now and continue to enjoy them.
overall, my son is happy with the cup so we will continue to use them!
we've tried tons of sippies and these are our favorite.
like many other reviewers, i am a huge fan of traditional playtex sippy cups.
my son is not going to use the flower cups!
this is very easy to clean and lasting.
love to be surprised with the colors because you do not get to choose.
i did not use this with my son's infant seat.
i bought this item for his stroller.
so far she likes the bright colors and the music.
my only complaint is that it doesn't attach very well to her graco infant car seat.
it does however fit quite nicely on her bassinet.
this is a nice little clip on toy to entertain your child, however, it is very hard to clip onto my daughter's quattro tour latch travel system (graco).
and i didnt realize until much later that it played music.
looks great, simple, matches with everything.
perfect size.
holds a lot of laundry.
easy to use mesh bag inside.
this hamper looks great and is very simple and understated, so it fits in with pretty much any decor.
great capacity, easily folds to stow away, sturdy, doesn't buckle with a full load of laundry, can lift inner mesh bag to carry the laundry, holds up well in the wash (no shrinkage/discoloration).
i like the neutral look, works well in the nursery - doesn't compete with the rest of the decor.
the mesh netting provides ease when doing laundry - just pull it out w/ all the clothes in it and take it to your laundry room...no need to take the clothes out and place in a separate laundry basket.
this hamper is a great asset to the nursery!
i highly recommend this hamper.. a great value!
love it!
we purchased this for our daughter's nursery and have been using it for almost nineteen months now--and it still is in perfect condition!
i was nervous about potential tears to the inside mesh liner (the removable "laundry bag" part of the hamper) but have had no problems whatsoever.i love that there is a "lid" (a flap of cloth) that folds over the top of the frame to hide the laundry inside--it is the perfect spot for me to keep a small mesh bag (lingerie bag) to put my daughter's dirty socks in...that way we never have to worry about losing socks in the wash!this hamper is very convienent, relatively sturdy, and doesn't scream "baby"--so if you need to keep it in a room other than the nursery, it won't look too out of place.now that we're expecting our second child, i plan on purchasing another one of these hampers.
it is also an ample size comparable to the majority of larger baby hampers.
it is definitely worth the price.
it's the perfect size, not too big, and the removable netted insert makes it easy to take his clothes to the washer.i highly recomment this to all moms!
it could also carry though to adulthood!
i bought his because it was so simple looking, and and have been really happy with it.
it's just the right size for a baby.
this is the cutest and most perfect hamper ever.
this is the perfect laundry basket for any nursery!
it is a little big, but ended up being the perfect size for us.
it's also great that it's mesh so that it keeps airflow going through and doesn't promote mold growth.
and such a great price as well!
this hamper is perfect for the nursery.
it has a mesh bag inside that makes it so easy to take to the landry room.
plus, when you don't want to use it anymore, it folds up.
this is a very, very comfortable, versatile, pillow.
i also sometimes sleep with my belly facing the straight/long part of the pillow.
the curve provides a nice space for your shoulder when you're sleeping on your side.
i didn't have one of these with my first pregnancy and now i am wondering how i ever lived without it.
this pillow lets me lean far enough over to be comfortable and supported.
i absolutely love it!
it is very comfortable.
i have found that to be very comfortable.
i guess its personal preference.otherwise, its a great pillow.
i am now 33 weeks pregnant and am still loving this pillow.
a friend bought me this pillow as a gift during my first pregnancy.
i am now 5.5 months through my second pregnancy, and i consider it an absolute necessity.
it is so much more comfortable than any arrangement of other pillows, and well worth the price.
my husband even likes it--he uses it when i am out of town!it is quite big and bulky--like another body in the bed.
helps a lot in giving a little extra support to the back, while breastfeeding or just holding the baby upright for burping them.
(its so comfortable that you can take a little nap during the nights while holding your baby for that little burp!!
well 6-7 months later this became a life saver.
first of all i have slept on my back all my life, now that i am 19 weeks i know that isn't a great idea and also it just isn't comfortable anymore.
i love the curls at the top and bottom!
she stays in one place, and she sleeps better.
it is also very comfortable.
the trick is to use the curvier end of this pillow between the thighs while sleeping as it helps straighten the hips out.
i have a love hate relationship with this pillow.
on one hand, it really works.
and the first night i used it, i slept beautifully.
since then, my body has continued to change and the pillow has continued to really help my sleeping.
the pillow itself is filled with cheap poly filling and has a cheap cover.
the snoogle is awesome!
i'm really glad i bought this.
now i wish i had bought the one that goes all the way around your body.
the benefits out weigh the negatives though!
worth the investment!
well i must admit it definitely made a difference & helped me get much needed rest.
i'm a back sleeper and this made sleeping on my side easier and more comfortable.
still comfortable and i have no regrets about the purchase.
i decided on c shaped pillow, and i am very happy i did.
i actually prefer facing the c opening, which gives my back great support, like a hug.
plus, you can twist this pillow into a million shapes to build all kinds of supportive sitting or reclining structures.
i will probably also use it as a breastfeeding pillow.
regardless of that, i am very happy i purchased it.an update.
as both ends are stuffed in the pillowcase, the area around the opening will bulge- just force it inside- and viola!
i think it helps to put an extra pillow between the legs.
also makes it a bit hard to cuddle with your partner, but i usually just make sure the loge side is facing the outside of the bed.
overall this pillow is really comfortable.
my boyfriend likes to steal it.
loved this pillow during pregnancy.
the small crook goes nicely under your head while the length of the pillow supports your tummy.
it also provides back support.
this pillow is great for that.
it comes with a piece of paper with instructions on various seating and sleeping positions, the seating positions are not that comfortable.
but here are the cons that could definetely be improved by the manufacturer:1.
the fabric of the pillow is kind of rough and it is not too pleasant for the skin of the face.
i am thinking about sewing the case out of the softer fabric, but it could be a little complicated because of the odd shape and the length of the pillow.3.
what a great pillow.
my daughter used this for the last several months of her pregnancy.
very versatile.
excellent quality and design.
pillow well constructed and hits in all the right places and supports the baby bumpthe challenge is this:  when you want to turn over, it can make it struggle sometimesso if you flop around a lot, not sure for you.
&#60;(^.^)&#62;
my wife was surprised that this only helped her with back pain an support fir a certain time in her pregnancy.
this is ok, it's a lil over stuffed and not  as conforming as it could be for comfort.
it seemed to work well for the first few weeks.
still worth absolutely every penny!!
**also, there was a paper included with the pillow that showed 8 different ways to use the pillow including nursing positions, which i found very helpful (because i won't need to purchase another pillow for nursing later).update:-i did purchase a boppy pillow for nursing.
i felt sooo relaxed.
this is a great body pillow.
i absolutely could not get comfortable, and i had incredible pains in the third trimester.
i'm glad i didn't try.
that said, i love the shape and the support the pillow gives.
don't deny yourself, it's totally worth it!!
i researched this pillow and was very impressed by how comfortable it was.
i read a million reviews for a bunch of different maternity body pillows and decided on this one because it didn't look too big and i really wanted something firm.
my regular pillows are firm.when i received this item, i was shocked at how firm it actually was.
it also made sleeping on my side more comfortable.
i highly recommend it.
i didn't use it for nursing the baby, but i have a friend who did and they said it was great for that as well.
very pleased to have purchased it.
i wish i bought this pillow for my first pregnancy!
we share our bed with our toddler & we are comfortable with this pillow on the bed.
it does work!
it was pretty comfortable, but even on my king size bed, it took up a ton of room.
hence the need for the pillow.)
i haven't used it long enough to see how the &#34;fluff factor&#34; works out, but my concerns about not having a &#34;symmetrical pillow&#34; have been alleviated.
this pillow has made sleeping during pregnancy so much easier and more comfortable.
could of minor issues though...
i'll sew up the tear, but the quality of the cover that comes with the pillow isn't great.
i read reviews and made my purchase accordingly.
it takes up a lot of space in the bed, but that is a minor drawback considering how comfortable this pillow is.
super comfortable and fits the body perfectly, every little nook and cranny was considered in the design of this pillow.
i'm 6 months pregnant with twins and it supported my belly nicely but realistically its just not good when you have to change positions.
sure the model looks comfortable in her position but she's being paid!
i have not found this to be the case, although it is not as comfortable as my normal pillow cases.
the shape works great with one side holding my neck well and the other side between legs.
fabric is ok but not the most comfortable.
sleeping was very uncomfortable for the last trimester.
i have dealt with slipped discs, sciatic nerve pain and general back pain.
for me especially works well when laying in bed watching vids on my laptop with the addition of a small pillow under my head, just seems to sit just right for this.downsides, i am petite and really prefer a very small pillow.
also, using this on the side where you get out of bed makes it an adventure to get up in the middle of the night.i am still using it though because most of it is very comfortable and helpful.
going to try some of the uses it shows in the manual and will report back down the road.
i had a boppy pillow for the first 6 months of my pregnancy, but once i started getting big, it just wasn't cutting it anymore.
she loves it and uses it every night to help with her back pain and the pressure of her growing belly.
highly recommend.
i love love love this pillow, it is my new best friend.
i originally attempted to stack and position my own pillows in our king size bed but found that it was always such a hassle if i shifted positions, went to the restroom or wanted to change sides that i was sleeping on.
my belly rested very nicely on the pillow and placing the rest of the pillow between my legs helped position my body more comfortably.
my husband didn't love how much space it took up in the bed, though he would try to steal it on occasion.
definitely recommend this pillow!
the shape is real good and conforms to my body.
the price is reasonable for the size.
don't try to match your bedroom decor.
buy this pillow in a dark color.
but if i could go back i would buy the cozy comfort pregnancy pillow ( hopefully that one maintains its shape like the snoogle)
this pillow was a great sleeping aid for the prego.
its still gets used for a body pillow.
its also great on the couch, lol!
**update** i was inspired by my chiropractor office where they have belly pillows so you can lie on your stomach so one night when i had an extremely achy back around 28 weeks, i made a donut with this pillow and gently laid down.... amazing!
since sleeping on your back is a big no-no during pregnancy, i needed a little help - tried extra pillows, but i can't use too many or i'll be sleeping without a husband.
it also makes side sleeping more comfortable.
you can bend and fold the pillow in whatever way suits you.
love it!
you can careless how big and this darn thing is!
since it is all white, it shows dirt easily and it is hard getting the white case on and off.it is an awesome pillow though!
this pillow is great!
so comfortable and durable, keeps its shape.
i had more severe numbness and some hip discomfort with my second pregnancy.
this pillow eliminated them  both!
in fact, i slept so well with it, my husband would &#34;steal&#34; it for himself.
i am over 7 months pregnant and have owned this for about three weeks now........what a relief!
i highly recommend this pillow if you're having any difficulty getting comfortable.
its even wonderful for sitting propped up when you're having difficulty with everything pushing up into your diaphragm.
i am 24 weeks pregnant and have started getting uncomfortable in bed.
i heard this was the best and most popular pregnancy pillow and i love it!
i imagine this will be nice for breastfeeding as well.i highly recommend this pillow to help with sleeping and making things more comfortable!
it's also pretty pricey but i'm glad i bought it and i have loved it so far.
it was not comfortable at all.the surface was itchy and the softness was also not satisfactory.i am not using these days.
definitely be aware that this is a large pillow.
all in all, i'm thrilled that i bought it and wonder if i'll want to give it up even after the baby is born.
i don't have anything to add...it's very uncomfortable and didn't ease any of my discomfort.
she used this daily for the last 4 months of her pregnancy, and still uses it on occasion.
i love how i can use it several different ways to provide the comfort i need during my pregnancy.
bought this pillow locally midway into my pregnancy.
worth the $.
i don't take all the pillows anymore!!
i then switched sides to where i was hugging it and that is the most comfortable position for me by far.
i loved using this pillow.
this pillow makes a world of difference.
it is flexible enough to fold into a variety of positions and has turned our bed into a recliner.
this is my second pregnancy and i knew how important a good body pillow was going to be so i didn't wait.
last go around i used a boppy body pillow, but i wasn't entirely happy with the way that one held up so i switched to the leachco.
overall this pillow has performed very well.
it is firm and holds its shape well.
my husband has already called dibs on it after the baby is born  :)  fat chance i'll give up my "nest" anytime soon though.
i love my body pillow.
my husband loves it as well!
(i also bought the cover for it.
and she loves it.
she sleeps with it every day now, and she appreciates it more and more each day as her pregnancy progresses.
functionally, she loves the way it supports her body, and continues to conform to and support her as her belly continues to expand.
it helps her to sleep comfortably on her side, and is flexible enough to allow her to shift positions and still provide support.how much does she like it?
more comfy than my boppy body pillow from 1st pregnancy, but still not the amazing pillow i hoped for.
(to be fair, there may not be such a pillow).
still, a necessity for second half of pregnancy.
i purchased this pillow and have never successfully slept through an entire night with it.
i felt like i couldn't move and couldn't get comfortable.
way over-priced.
my back stays aligned, the bones in my knees aren't touching each other when laying on my side, and this huge pillow (caz it is huge) hugs me just nice and keeps me extra warm.the size: its huge ladies.
we laughed.i recommend getting an extra cover for it, i did bc i use everyday and i like my things very clean.
i'm having an extra cover made for it as well in 2 weeks in the material of my choice and fabric of choice since i'll be using it another 4.5 months.
i can't wait for my new cover, yay.forgot to mention it's also kinda heavy, yeah it's a pillow, but it's filled with some heavy stuffing and due to it's size of course it's gonna be on the heavy side.your gonna love it!-liahni
this pillow has been a life saver throughout my pregnancy.
it helps to keep you sleeping on your side and supports your hips, belly and head.
i sometimes even catch my husband using it!
and as an added note, the cat seems quite happy with it as well, so the whole family gives it five stars.
for now, i am very comfortable with hugging a big pillow sideways and using a rolled up fleece blanket for back support.
also, it ripped at the end within the first month.
i honestly don't move until i have to get up and go use the bathroom.
then i come back and get comfortable in a different position (facing the snoogle hugging it).
this is soooo comfortable!
it is actually so comfortable that i thought i would have to get my husband one, cause even he loves how soft it is, and how well it supports your back.
this whole item is firm.
the snoogle is a very cuddly and comfortable pillow for the legs and belly.
but all of that was worth it to try and ease some of her discomfort from growing another human.from that perspective i can't rate this high enough.
just be aware, it may not last to your firm standards or leave space for your partner in the bed.
when i first bought snoogle, i loved it, as it was perfectly supportive as promised.
buy a straight but fairly flexible body pillow.
the pillow does take up a bit of space in our queen size bed, but it has never been in the way for him.
other preg pillows are probably of equal size.
also, the covers are terrible, always wiggling off and exposing the center of the pillow.the "c" shape presents an interesting question- put it towards the middle of the bed, or the edge?
i chose middle, which means sleeping more on my right.
this pillow is wonderful.
there are a number of ways to manipulate it to support whatever part of you happens to be aching that day.
the only thing that happens sometimes, is my left knee begins to ache - i put another smaller pillow underneath and that does wonders.
i still love this pillow though.
:)
this pillow is ok.
i like the knee/leg support but the neck part is just uncomfortable and gives me neck pain.
when i took it out of the box i was surprised at how large it was, but it doesn't take up a lot of space on our queen size bed with me laying with it.
i love being able to lean slightly so it feels like i'm laying on my back while i'm still mostly on my side.
i love laying facing the long part of the pillow and away from it.
love this pillow!!!
after reading reviews on numerous pregnancy pillows, i decided on the snoogle because it looked to be the best item in the price range i was looking at.
it is a big pillow; however, i am able to fit the pillow, myself and my husband easily in our queen-sized bed.
i will be purchasing this for all pregnant friends/family in the future.update:  i had to have an episiotomy when delivering my son, and the snoogle pillow was such a blessing to have when it came to recovery.
i bought this pillow when my pregnant back started aching at around 14 weeks.
i love cuddling with it and now that i am about to give birth i find the pillow that much more supportive!
i highly recommend.
i am very pleased with my purchase!
the chiropracter recommeded sleeping with a pillow between my legs, but it always felt awkward.
this really does help align my back so that the pain isn't as bad.it comes with a sheet that shows additional ways to use it during pregnancy and after.
i don't have to use that anymore.
it doesn't push my husband out of the bed so that works out for him.
he never has to deal with it.the bonus of this pillow is that my 2 1/2 year old son loves it.
you can do a swirl position with it (the card you get with it shows you) and i put my son in the middle.
i read tons of reviews on amazon of different pillows, and this one was the cheapest with the best review.
shell out the extra bucks and get a better quality, better stuffed pillow.... you'll be happier sleeping if you do.
i bought this pillow for myself recently.
i am currently 27 weeks pregnant with my fourth child.
this may not be a big deal to some, but it is for me.
let's just go ahead and acknowledge how uncomfortable pregnancy is for many women.
i found it scratchy on my skin.
i bought this pillow pretty early on and it fixed those problems.
even at first.
but because it's a solid stuffing, it hasn't lost it's shape yet.
i waited to get this, not having believed that it would be comfortable.
i still benefit from an extra pillow under my knee/leg, for extra lift, but this pillow is amazing.
it is impossible to put the pillow case it comes with back on it if you need to wash it.
i wish i had bought a smaller one with a case that zipped.
i had a love-hate relationship with this pillow throughout my pregnancy.
overall it is a good sleeping companion.
it is especially good for naps and when laying down for bedrest.
i had a hard time moving it when i moved positions.
my husband loves it though.. he snuggles with it all the time :)
this is so uncomfortable i can't use it.
i am small-framed and did not want a large, bulky pillow.
the snoogle seemed perfect.
there are multiple sleeping positions with the pillow - you can use it to cradle your back or your belly.
it is a back, neck and life saver!
it did not make everything a lot more comfortable, but it seemed to help.
usually non-pregnant partners are in no position to complain about the space it takes up, but yours might.
if mama aint happy, aint nobody happy.
i'm about 5'2&#34; and was about 130 pre pregnancy and i'm approaching the 3rd trimester in the next few days with twins.
at around the 5 month mark in my pregnancy the aches and sleepless nights hit.
and sometimes it felt like the snoogle was coming after me the way it could curl around and poke me in the back - but once i figured out some new comfortable sleep positions it really became a life saver, and i've continued to use it many months after my baby was born.i've found so many uses for this pillow beyond the traditional side sleeper with a portion tucked between my knees.
it was super comfortable early on in my pregnancy.
now that i am 31 weeks and quite a bit bigger, the pillow is kind of a pain to get out of...it really does a good job of wrapping around you, so much so that you struggle getting out of it.
when you first get this body pillow it will be extra firm.
they have it packed so tight inside.
my husband bought me this pillow during my last pregnancy and it did its job for the 3-4 months that i was uncomfortable.
my husband said he paid $60 or $70 for the pillow at bru plus a $20 cover.
it is rough and coarse and does not feel particularly good against my skin.
i felt i could not get the pillow in position to be comfortable.
i also felt that the pillow did not support my belly very well because it is so thick-i felt uncomfortable with it under me.
i absolutely love it.
first of all.
i love this pillow, and my husband tried it and loved it too.
i am so much trouble getting into a restful sleep position at 6 months...i loved the idea of this pillow & the good reviews.
i am 5'6" & 130 pounds.
i have a large belly, yet i am small in size.
now that i'm nearly through my second pregnancy, this is starting to get pretty squashed and i'm back to using additional pillows as well.
(and i would argue it is a good ergonomic pillow for those with back problems.)
this pillow is incredible!
it works amazingly in many different positions and it wraps around my body very comfortably.
i don't want to be comfortable on my back!!
it definitely relieved a lot of the pressure and stress on my body, and it definitely helped make my sleeping time much  more comfortable.
it helps support your back and hips.
i love this pillow and highly recommend it.
first, i can't get comfortable with it because it forces you to assume a certain position (either with the pillow behind your back or front).
you have to use the dedicated head part for this which seemed like a rock and the material was not soft.
price is great.
i also like that you can use it in other positions (it shows you on the package).
the snoogle stays the same shape and makes my back and hips soooooo happy!
i highly recommend!
this pillow was the best investment i have made so far in handling the discomforts of pregnancy.
and be patient when trying to shove the pillow back into the cover.the other plus is my cats totally love it!
after using it for a couple of weeks, these are the big issues i've had:1) the material and filling feel cheaper than you'd expect for the price.
the curves are perfect for my arms and legs to wrap around and i am a side sleeper.
this is nice because once you get to the point in your pregnancy when you aren't allowed to lay on your back, you feel as if you never get the chance to really stretch your body (and belly) out.all in all, i am glad that i bought this.
i didn't want to buy a lot of one time use pregnancy specific stuff  but my sister-in-law recommended this so i decided to splurge, plus the seven pillows it took for me to get comfortable was getting out of hand.
it can be utilized in tons of different ways and i found myself finding new ways to use it as my pregnancy progressed.
when i wasnt using it, my husband loved it and noticed a big difference in back pain.
baby is three months old now and this is still in our bed and being used.
it made sleeping a dream (pun intended).
it bends easily, which is a big plus.
i still have some, but sleeping with the body pillow seems to help.
i loved it from day one and was always finding new ways to arrange it in order to get comfortable at night.
there are an infinate number of positions you can use it in and i would encourage any user to experiment in order to get the support they need.
my husband loves it too and uses it any time that i don't.one of the best (and most long lasting uses) is for breastfeeding.
it is the most comfortable thing i've ever laid on in my life!!
the pillow provides excellent support for your whole body and even curls around your neck so that you have a head-pillow.
my fiance and daughter even love it!!
the positioning of the pillow does make it more comfortable to sleep...some of the time.
i did like the &#34;curl&#34; around the top, and that i could position part of the pillow between my knees, the filling is really not all that comfortable though (i am used to sleeping on a memory foam pillow).
this is a highly recommend item!
i'm 18 weeks, and i've been using 4-5 pillows a night to try and get comfortable.
it is incredibly comfortable, and easy to move around with if you like to flip over.
it also comes with a sheet that shows you tons of different ways to use it (more than is shown online!)
she is very happy with this pillow and says it provides plenty of support.
i purchased one of their covers, which was much softer than the outer fabric that comes with the snoogle.
for the price, i would think the fabric would have had a higher thread count.
it will be great for the similar use of a boppy pillow, and will also be great for breastfeeding since it can be molded into different positions.
i got it when i was around 5 months and starting to get uncomfortable at night.
i've been contemplating making my own slipcover for it so it will be more comfortable.
also, i tend to flip sides a lot throughout the night especially when wakeful.
it made me feel claustrophobic and even more uncomfortable.
i've discussed this with other moms and they either love it or hate it.
my only complaint is the cover is a pain to get on and off to wash.
great for those who can't get comfortable in bed!
not only did the pillow help me avoid rolling onto my back, it also provides great support and comfort.
the pillow is great in all positions described/shown.
the part that goes under your head is not soft and an odd shape.
the part under your belly doesn't line up right and is too firm for comfort.
i bought a $10 body pillow from a local store and love it.
i loved this pillow!
if it doesn't work for you the first time - it won't work better later.
i use two king size down pillows that i can squish up to where i want them.
my husband bought me this pillow as a gift when i was in my first trimester.
i had never even heard of a pregnancy pillow, but was pleased to discover how comfortable it was, even before i was showing.
it provides so much support when i side-lie on my left, which isnt a natural position for me at night (i usually lay on my back and had trouble with the transition.
plus as my belly gets bigger it provides wonderful support under it as well.
i've also found it is really cozy to wrap around me when i'm just sitting on the couch, and may also double well as a nursing pillow when the baby is born.
there are many different positions in which you can use it.
so i bought this pillow and found how miraculous it is to have a pillow that is in place and only *i* have to move in its center.
i find it comfortable for supporting my legs and my top arm (that top arm being supported is critical for comfort with a broken sternum) when sleeping on my sides.
i think this pillow could be useful for non-pregnant patients with broken sternums as it helps make the 3 available sleeping positions (back and two sides) more comfortable.
love love love!!!
it was uncomfortable and hard to roll from side-to-side with.
will definitely use in future pregnancies and recommend to anyone who has trouble getting comfortable.
slipcover is easy to remove and wash, but pretty hard to put back on.
worth the trouble though.
i got this for my first pregnancy and now i'm using it for round 2.
i'm currently 31wks along and have suffered from pinched/herniated discs in my spine prior to pregnancy, so i deal with pain daily & nightly-just the pain level varies.
i'm a back sleeper, so this helps keep me on my side and the part that goes behind your head is nice because it keeps the acid reflux down.
bought this pillow with my last baby and slept like a queen!
i used this for most of my pregnancy and i love it.
it truly helps me with my level of comfort when comfort decreases with every passing night.
it is considerably large but there is still room for husband in the bed.
its easy to get comfortable.
i've had this pillow for 3 weeks and i am still not convinced.it does kind of help but i still find myself laying on the other side.not as comfortable as i thought it would be.
the fabric is, as others have said, not very good quality and itches if your bare skin touches it.
i'm 5'6" tall, so you can use that as a measurement tool if you like.
for now, it is wonderful!
i could not get comfortable and was awakened by frequent leg cramps.
she was starting to get really uncomfortable around 4 months.
this is a much better option then using separate pillows.
yes this pillow will take up extra space in your bed but it's definitely worth it to have a happy wife.
my belly (even later in pregnancy) never lay on top of the pillow like that.
however, it is very comfortable and perfect for pregnancy.
just wash them about 3- times before you rely on them.
after i figured this out, i started using them all the time.
just wash the heck outta them before using them.
bought this after nuk ones.
they are definitely better but not for use overnight.
these are very soft on the inside and absorbent, and slightly pretty thanks to the lace.
my mom have ones almost exactly like this and she loved them, then we found these and i love them and my sister loves them.
very comfortable, and the bag they come with makes it easy for me to keep track of them in the wash.
very comfortable!
these are excellent.
i only have 2 falling apart-i bought 2 sets.
i found out the hard way of being exhausted that if you put the lace side to you that's not soft at all and is super uncomfortable.
my second son loved to put a "boobie pad" on his ear while he was nursing from 12 months + and would actually find one of these in the laundry basket to snuggle with for naps :).
could be reused and easy to wash.
pure cotton touchs comfortable for my wife.
i have tried gerber disposables, lansinoh disposables & avent disposables, as well as avent reusables & tommy tippee reusables.
i purchased 2 packs of these pads with my first child 4 years ago.
they still come in a great washable mesh bag, but the new pads are smaller and using very different materials than my first sets.
i will keep these as my emergency pads while my older sets will remain my everyday choice.
i bought several different brands.
if only they can enlarge the coverage size with the same thickness, and same lace design then they would be perfect.
for frame of reference, i am a 32dd and size small so they are small even for me.
they are thick, absorbent, and heavy duty.
they last a lot longer than others that i have tried, and hold their shape in the wash unlike others that bunch and wrinkle up.
i don't use the bag for the breast pads, i just throw them in the wash by themselves and haven't lost any yet.
i highly recommend these!
these where a great find.
soft, comfortable, absorbent, discreet, and the wash bag actually holds up and was a lifesaver.
i bought three sets for myself and three for a friend, so i could throw them in with my whites once a week.
these pads work well, wash well and are comfortable for someone who doesn't leak a lot (there is no waterproof lining in these).
these pads are a great way of protecting the environment.
i have a few pairs of nursing pads that seem to be just a couple layers of flannel and they work great.
these are very absorbent and are soft against your skin.
they have no waterproof backing and are very thin so if you leak even a tiny bit, you are screwed.
finally, the philips feels a lot better on your skin as well.
i bought these inserts because washable ones seemed more environmentally friendly and were recommended to me by a friend.
i got these washable pads, as i was loathe to have to use disposables.
had to wash it several times to have it become soft.
i find the size too small :(
my only complaint is that after 2 or 3 washes the fabric may start to "pill".
unfortunately, i can't use these nursing pads anymore since they leak constantly even during the day.
i love the look and feel of these.
very soft against the skin.
they have great absorbency.
love these pads.
they ar small, yet absorbant.
don't forget to use the included back when you wash them, they tend to get lost in pants legs and in the washing machine abys.
a great price for awesome quality!!
it's about as absorbent as a flannel burp cloth - if you leak more than a tiny bit,  it'll go right through the pad.
they're also very thick, which makes them very noticeable under a shirt.
if you want a great cloth nursing pad, get bamboobies - they're way more absorbent, thinner, less noticeable, and cuter.
soft and the right size.
they are cheaper than disposables and more environmentally friendly.
the design is awesome and the other side feels smooth.
this is a nice option to the disposable ones.... easy to wash and comes with its own bag for washing.
i would also prefer a slightly larger size.
i found that i leaked out the sides of these quite a few times.
these are awesome!
after the wash they keep their shape (love the free mesh bag too!
it soaked through and leaked within 10-20 minutes.
i thought that these would be great, to be able to just wash them and reuse them.
these are perfect when your milk supply is not as great.
i bought two orders, so 12 of these nursing pad hoping that they'd work well and i wouldn't have to buy disposable pads.
they are not seamless, so they do show under your clothes.4.
and most importantly, they aren't super absorbent.
i figured i could use them when i was home.
prepare accordingly!
i love these!
they're very comfortable and soft, and they work great!
love them!
i still leak with these.
they aren't as absorbent as ones i bought on etsy.
you need to be wearing a heavier shirt or sweater/ sweat shirt to conceal pads in place.
comes with nice small nylon bag to wash them in.
i bought these after 6 months of using disposable nursing pads.
my niece loved these pads.
because you wash and reuse them they are even better.
its durable and very nice lacy design.
these pads work great..
i just bought these and have been using them for a few weeks.
i like the lace--it does help prevent slipping.
these are great.
bought these by chance to try and ended up loving them.
