perfect for new parents.
we were able to keep track of baby's feeding, sleep and diaper change schedule for the first two and a half months of her life.
this book is such a life saver.
it has been so helpful to be able to go back to track trends, answer pediatrician questions, or communicate with each other when you are up at different times of the night with a newborn.
this is super easy to use and helps me keep track of his daily routine.
excellent for dads to keep track as my husband can quickly forget what time he fed our son.
it's also nice to be able to look back on previous days and weeks for eating and sleeping patterns.
my 3 month old son spend half of his days with my mother and half with a neighbor while i worked.
it was the best way to have some cohesion in his life while i was at work.
this book is perfect!
i'm a first time new mom, and this book made it so easy to keep track of feedings, diaper changes, sleep.
definitely would recommend this for new moms.
i found this to be more helpful because i could mark each day's eating and sleeping blocks, then also see them side by side - i could see her patterns more easily with a weekly view.
the baby tracker brand books are the absolute best of the trackers that are available.
you can track naps, feedings, diaper changes, activities, and notes.
they're easy to use and have a nice clean layout.i started using the newborn baby tracker, which tracks nights and days.
it gave me a nice way to track feedings and note important milestones.
her caregiver notes her activities and sleeping times during the day.
plus, it's nice to be able to look back and see patterns or trends.
during your postpartum stay at the hospital the nurses will ask you to keep a log of your baby's feedings, urination and bowel movements.
we even write notes about his first smile, who came to visit, ect to keep in his memory box.
i use this so that our babysitter (grandma) can keep track of what goes on during the day.
i also like that the front page has a place for emergency comments and a consent form in case your child needs medical care.
it also has a place at the back of the book for immunizations.
this book is a great way for keeping track of daily changing and feedings.
my only wish is that it was in a 24 hour format.
but other than that it is great.
nanny is able to fill it out easily....love it
i like this log, but think it would work better with clearer am & pm sections.
we're cramming those in to the 2 blank spaces above 7am right now.
we hired an in-home nanny to care for our little boy and the arrangement has worked quite well ever since.
the journal pages are clearly divided into columns for tracking feedings, nap-time, diaper changes, play-time as well as general areas for notes and tracking milestones.
the legibility in the baby tracker is a huge improvement over our standard notebook entries that really ended up becoming small paragraphs.
this constrains entries to very small spaces on each column and row.
i understand portability is a concern but the current size is entirely too small--------------------conclusion:i ended up making my own format of this journal in a spreadsheet that includes a 24-hour day and more space for comments along with a few other changes and had the pages bound cheaply at a local shop.
this is an adequate journal but expensive for what you get and limitations because of page size.
i thought keeping a simple handwritten journal would be nice.
if you are able to grab *both* your phone and this notebook - and a pen - consistently - and at 3 in the morning - you are more skilled than me.
easy to use, simple!
i know moms who create spreadsheets of their baby's nap times, etc.
this book is practical and great!
we used this to help us keep track of pees and poops during that first month.
it is really helpful if you breastfeed to keep track of feeding patterns and wet diapers to make sure baby is eating enough.
great book!
definitely a useful item to have.
it's useful for when the doctor asks how often she's feeding and urinating, but even better for looking at and realizing, &#34;oh, she hasn't slept in x number of hours.
she's probably crying because she's tired.&#34;  but the best thing it has done for me since her newborn days is help me put her on a nap schedule.
it helps a lot.
life saver!!
our pediatrician is always asking # of wets and # of dirty diapers per day...so i bring this book to our appts and let her see it all.
i finally got this out and started keeping track using this.yes, you could just use regular paper, but i liked the layout of the pages and it was just what we needed a we slowly lst our minds for the first 6 weeks.i an on giving this as a shower gift to the next first time mom :)
i have used this book since my son was born.
it's a great and handy way to keep track of when and how much eats and when i change his diaper.
makes it easy to discuss his progress with his doctor.
this journal is great for his grandparents who watch him while i'm gone.
highly recommend this journal for all parents of children especially for those with little ones under a year of age.
i'll definitely continue to buy this every 3 months until at least my son is a year old.
i have not used it but i am very happy with what i saw.
it is super easy to leave by the baby's changing table or crib and jot down things throughout the day (feedings, dirty diapers, nap times, etc).
we found this book at a rummage sale and found it to be so useful, especially when several people are helping with the baby (ex: visiting family, etc.)
it also helps "dad" see what has happened that day and feels more connected.
great journal.
love it!
his feeding issues also contributed to sleep issues, which i was also able to track in the journal.
after weeks of sleep deprivation, the dark period, i could easily respond to the pediatrician's questions by referring to entries in the baby tracker.it's nice to look back at the dark period and see how far we've come.
great way to keep track of important daily activities/tasks when you are trying to get used to your new baby's routine.i include this as a gift to all of my friends now when they are having a baby.
love this book!
just finished our first one and am starting a second one.
it makes life much easier knowing my child's meal and nap times.
excellent for communication for when you don't have your child.
plus it makes it easier on the caregiver to learn childs patterns as well.
especially during those first few weeks/months when growth spurts are common and you can't remember anything because you haven't slept much!
it even became a good tool to use with my nanny once i went back to work.
easy to track feeding, playtime, changes, naps etc.
very helpful when nursing and even when you move on to a bottle.
i work f/t so it's great to come home and peruse his day (feeding schedule, play time)  as a secondary account after talking to nanny.
would highly recommend for those type-a personas.
this is a great book to have during your first month of having a baby.
it is detailed in slots to make notes and i would prefer a journal that does not take space for breast-feeding if one chooses formula only.
i could use the space to make more notes and comment on something cute that day.
this is the best way to keep track of when your baby eats, sleeps, poops, gets a bath, etc.
it's also a great way to keep track of which side baby nursed on.
and it's a great gift!
please, please take this to the hospital with you- you'll thank me later.
can't recommend enough!
it has helped figure out his sleeping and eating patterns - great!
i highly recommend this!
inside is nice and clean.
the time intervals are :30 minutes seems adequate, though sometimes i wish it was a bit more detailed.
all in all, it does what is advertised and keeps us sane on what was done/changed when.
while i love the app on my phone (baby esp) for my husband and i-- it's not realistic for someone filling in to download the app.
our parents, who frequently watch our baby, have yet to embrace the app world.so, we use this on days when we have help.
(how many poop diapers, how many pee diapers, how often are you feeding, how often is he sleeping, what's his schedule like).
this is probably one of the greatest inventions.
i also wrote notes for each day so i could see a history of reactions/milestones.
one of the most useful items yet.
would definitely recommend and will likely purchase again for our next baby.
perfect way to keep track of the day for a little one-- this journal allows for detailed tracking of milk intake, diapers, sleep, and activity.
highly recommended as a perfect way to keep track and organize information in one easy to travel with place!
this was a lifesaver especially during the first couple of months.
without something like this by our sides 24 hours a day.
this book is perfect!
i would definitely recommend for the first months of your baby's life.
it's a great way to see a new infants progression toward feeding and sleeping schedules.
in the sleep deprived first weeks it was so helpful in keeping track of diaper count, feeding sides,  etc.
i highly recommend for new or seasoned moms.
my son's therapist brings this toy over and he just loves it.
this is one of his favorite toys and he doesn't play with a lot of baby and toddler toys (gets bored easy).
4 is just kind of a random number to teach a young child to count to.
both of my boys (1 and 2.5) love stacking and building.
they also love cars.
they both love these cars!
it's just a nice change from the nesting blocks and it's fun to hear all the vehicle sounds that children make with these guys.
the bright colourful colours really held her attention.
great for learning big and small, colours and numbers.
good value!
these are a huge hit with my one year old son.
we received these cars as a gift when my son was first born.
they are simple, durable, do not require batteries, and are easy to clean.
we've traveled a lot with my son and these make terrific travel toys as they pack up easily and don't take up much space since they nest.
i bought this last month for my 6 month old son, and it continues to fascinate him.
it is fabulous to encourage moving and crawling as i set them around him and they slide away as he reaches for them -- its been invaluable in encouraging him towards crawling and scooting.
great value for money...
we bought these trucks for our 15 mo.
old son- we love them!
they are nesting which is fun for our daughter to look underneath the trucks to find the next one or they can stack one on top of the other to make a tower.
perfect first trucks!
and they aren't too big- a perfect size!
this is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable!
the cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors.
they also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.
each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.)
i imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor.
i would highly recommend this item.
what a hit!
my son can't quite stack them himself, but he knows how to nest them and sure does love knocking them down when i stack them.
they also have the function of just being play cars, which is nice.
i am amazed at how long my son will play with these!
for well over a year my son has enjoyed stacking and playing with these cars.
they have held up brilliantly to his abuse - they still look like new.
fun to stack, fun to roll.
clever toy that has been a winner with my son since he was one.
this is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable!
the cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors.
they also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.
each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.)
i imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor.
i would highly recommend this item.
i think this is an adorable book.
the pieces are all attached and each page has a cute activity.
and if you sew you will realize this is very over priced.2.
i had a homemade quiet book when i was a kid and saw some on pinterest.
i found this and ordered it for my three kids (9 mos, 2 years, and 3 years), and they all love it.
great book, and i love that all the pieces are attached!
this book keeps my 2-year-old entertained for a decent amount of time, and i like that it's washable.
it has a good number/variety of activities in it, especially as compared to other similar types of books.there are some activities for babies, but i think toddlers/pre-schoolers will get the most use out of it.
i had a book similar to this as a child and it brings back wonderful memories!
but he loves the zipper and the velcro shapes and the other pages give him a great way to learn and practice.
overall it's an item that he can grow into and it's super cute!
my 3 and 4 year old love this book.
you can show your baby shapes, teach her how to use buttons, zipper and snaps, tie a shoe and tell time.
it is well constructed and attractive (though i must say not as nice as the quiet book my mother sewed for me as a toddler).the activities are:page 1: shape matching, different colored shapes match to same shaped outlines with velcro attachments.
he hasn't been able to play with it yet, but i was very happy going through it.
i think he will have years of fun with this book.
it provides several activities, which will help him practice skills he will be learning.
it's also got bright colors and fun shapes that he is sure to enjoy.
thanks.
my son loves to chew on things and is still awaiting his first tooth.
my son loves this.
handle is great to put links around also to attach it to stroller or carseat!
she especially loves the rattle at the end and the vibrating motion.
i like that the 3 sides of the star have different ribbing so it feels different on her gums.
it is a great toy for them to chew and play with, but it is a bit harder for smaller babies to chew on.
great teething ring and toy.my 6 mth loves it, its so much fun.he loves the vibration, the little color wheel to the other end he loves to spin.something fun to bite on for his aching gum.i recommend it!
my son loved this toy form the time he was teething until well after the time he got his teeth in.
it is soft, yet has some ridges and bumps that he is pulling with his teeth and gums.
i think baby gives it 5 stars!!
great toy for teething!
my daughter finds this very interesting especially when it gently vibrates and massages her gums.
he has a mini dodge ball and he sticks his face/mouth on the ball and all you have to do is tap the ball and he's a happy baby.
i also bought an infant gum massager electric toothbrush because he was always interested when i brush my teeth.
this is a great teether.
the handle is kinda big and the chewing surface kinda wide.
both my kids loved it while teething.
our son's occupational therapist recommended this for our aggressive teether.
my son is obsessed with this teether!!
when her two year molars started coming in we got it back out for her and she still loved it.
we will definitely be buying another one for our next baby!
both my daughters loved this teether.
this works well to keep a baby busy.
this has allot to do with her age.
i would say it's more a fun toy to chew on and not actually providing teething relief
i've bought several teethers and this i one of the best ones.
the vibration helps ease the discomfort and the colors make it also very interesting.
both of my kids have loved this during the teething stage.
bit it seemed like a cool idea.
nice to have something different from all of the other teethers out there.
my friend recommended this teether because her daughter loves it.
hopefully, it will work better for you.
it seems like she uses them both about equally.she also likes to play with it by making it vibrate on her hands, feet, cheeks etc.
we have had a lot of fun playing with it.it's a great find and i wish i had come across it sooner.
overall, a winner
i have two and the batteries haven't died which i find impressive.
these are well made.
a year later, my son still likes these and likes the green spinner on the end a lot.
definitely worth the money.
my granddaughter liked to just explore with it as well,  not necessarily just to sooth gums.
a favorite in our house!
as a former regulator (of medical devices) i am very sensitive about company labeling and statements.
my boys put all manner of plastic toys in their mouths, and i'm sure it was all riddled with bpa.
most companies proudly label their products with that simple language that cannot be confused.
:(
i bought this for my 2.5 year old with special needs, on the recommendation of her occupational therapist.
other then that, the colors are great, and definitely catch baby's eye.
my daughter is 6 mo and loves these.
the star has rounded edges.
this is a great toy for teething babies!
the colors catch their attention while the different shapes keep their hands and mouths amused.
i'd recommend it to any parent of a very young child- especially for the price!
my daughter loves this and it keeps her happy for a long time.
it is also very easy to wash to keep clean as well.
its more like a teething ring than a necklace, though.
so i agree with other mothers who say that you have to give it a chance to grow on you.
it may seem strange or uncomfortable at first but i still use my sling with my daughter and she's 18 months now.
this is the most comfortable and versatile carrier i've tried yet.the downsides are that it is a little challenging to use.
i have had to learn quite a few different ways to carry my son, who is just 3 months old.
i had seen several mothers use these before, and the nurse in our childbirth class raved about it.
it was good to use while in the grocery store.
i bought this because of all the wonderful things i heard about slings.
my friend has this and loves it.
she has carried him in it since she brought him home from the hospital.
i watched the video and you can use it to help with back support while you carry your child on your hip.
i will stick with the traditional front pack.
these slings are just not very easy on larger women who are a rather endowed.
my son loves this.
he likes the &quot;kangaroo&quot; position best.
definitely make sure the one you buy comes with the video, though.
at our babies r us many were just in plastic bags (returns?)
slings keep the baby in more natural positions.
i love these sheets because they are a thick and durable material.
definitely worth the price.
fitted co-sleeper sheet, exactly like the one that came with the original bed.
will again in other colors.
i ordered this as a spare for my original co-sleeper.
it is a good quality sheet.
it holds up well to lots of washes and uses.
the colors are pretty but the sheets themselves are not soft.
looking at it the contents looks okay, but we will see when the my son in law puts it together.
i still love it and so does my daughter.
it's bright and colorful, and is great for babies who are starting to reach for things.
it's not the most durable stroller toy i've seen, but it's cute.
i am thrilled to report, however, that it fits the graco metrolite stroller perfectly and looks adorable!
still will play with it.
we have/had a graco quattro and a metrolite stroller and this doesn't fit on either one!!
a good buy.
i love it!
it is very easy to use and keeps the diapers away from little hands.
it has a large capacity and cuts back on frequent trips to the trash can.
i keep a stick on air freshner in the bottom and it helps with lingering smells.
great pail.
read my new review.
*2) effectively controls odors.
many of the "grown-ups" in my world can't help but tinker with whatever new items are placed before them.
as it emits a powerful odor when the lid is opened, i'm happy they can't figure it out.
i'll definitely be first in line for the diaper champ robot.
my son is now 4 months old, and so far it is working great.
hopefully, it will still work when the diapers get really smelly!
i love the diaper champ!
any trash bag will work and it's great.
i like the odor shield bags and they work like a charm.
easy to use one handed!!
plus with the diaper champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper.
diaper champ is great.
so i can't tell you if diaper champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
it is odorless(so far) and very easy to use - and only with one hand, so you can safely keep the other one on your baby.
it makes so much more sense to just use regular kitchen trash bags, more cost effective.
it is easier to use.
makes sense.
but still use it for wet diapers.
hopefully potty training will happen soon!
i highly recommend it to anyone!
i truly believe this is the best diaper pail on the market...
it's simple to use, can take any garbage bag, and does a fantastic job of containing odors.
i have also put in a box of baking soda to help absorb the odors inside.
i've had this diaper pail for 3 years now, and it's been through 2 kids (both in diapers for 18 months of that!).
i love this diaper pail!
my favorite feature is that it doesn't require special refills--it can use any trash bag (we just use a tall kitchen trash bag).
my 3 1/2 year old still hasn't figured out how to open it, but it's easy enough for me to open quickly.
the diaper champ uses regular kitchen bags.
toddlers eat solids, their poop smell very adult like!
works great!
no smells and holds lot of diapers.
uses standard kitchen bags!
so far we love our diaper champ.
it's a deal and works great.
i refused to buy the genie for the simple reason of i didnt want to be bothered with refills and i read that it clogged.
it is most excellent at keeping the foulest of stenches out.
and i love that i dont have to buy those expensive refills.
just use the bags you have in your kitchen!
easy to replace when full and it just works!!!
it's odorless, effortless, and holds many diapers!
a great invention!!
i read the reviews and found this one sounded the best.i love that it is so easy to use.
my son is now three months old and wears size 3 diapers.
all in all it's been a great buy.
it's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
so easy to use, definitely recommend!!!
this diaper pail has no odor and is the perfect size.
i love that you can use trash bags.
her diapers are much different then my 3 month old son though.
so overall i love the diaper champ!
i have no doubt that my wife and i will be happy with the diaper champ (our first baby is due in two weeks).
you can use regular trash bags which cuts down on additional spending.
the trash bag is also very easy to take out and to put in.2) traps in stinky diaper odor.
at only 3 weeks old, my son goes through about a dozen diapers a day.
we have the diaper champ in his bedroom and it's been great so far.
(we'll see once he switches to solid food and his diapers are a bit more stinky!)
it's so easy to use and you don't have to buy the special bags.
we've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.
the design is absolutely ingenious and the fact that it takes regular trash bags is a definite plus!
overall, i am very pleased with our purchase.
this holds alot and does not take up alot of space.
we absolutely love it.
best of all, you can use any kind of bag, including reused plastic grocery bags!
i heard great things about all of them, but wanted what would be most cost effective for us.
i clean it every other week with clorox wipes and they keep it nice and fresh.
plus it can also be used as a trash can!
go to the dollar store and get some of those kitchen bags.
they fit it perfectly.
you put the diaper in the hold in the top, turn the handle, and pop.
the diaper champ is the best!
i absolutely love this diaper champ.
i love that i can use regular trash bags with it.
i would never use one that required refills, what is the sense in that when this one works perfectly?!
i have used this for 11 months and i love it.
so easy!
i am glad i researched it because i am very happy with it!
i love my diaper champ.
my son is 3 months old and we have had a great experience with it.
it's simple to use and is cost efficient.
i highly recommed this product if you want a clean, simple, and convenient diaper pail!
the diaper champ does it's job: it collects dirty diapers and conceals the stink.
all diapers smell, no matter what you put them in, especially once your kid starts solid foods.
this pail is fantastic.
there is no smell, except in the summer when it is hot (and that's only because the pail is outside on the back porch, the one we buy for the nursery will be inside in the air conditioning).
i own the genie and served us well.
it's very easy to use, and it seals out the odor as well.
i wanted to get this for our use, but my genie is still in good use.
love it because it uses the bags from the grocery store.
way cheaper than others.
the champ is the ultimate in diaper disposal.
the diaper champ uses regular trash bags (we like the scented 13 gallon bags by ruffies) and is absolutely a no-brainer to operate!
simply drop the diaper in the cubby on top and flip the handle!
drop and flip!
ease of use.
sturdy.
we orignially registered for and received the diaper genie and had problems with it from the day our son came home from the hospital.
we love it!!!
he is now six months old and the champ works as well as it did when we purchased it.
in addition, it's very easy to use.
this is a great pail.
it holds odors pretty well.
its great to be able to use any kind of trash bag you want with it.
i'm really happy with it and would recommend it to all of my friends and family.
highly recommend this.
diaper champ works great!
you can use your regular garbarge bags with it.
easy to change bags.stable when changing bags (others are not!!!)
i love this diaper pail...you can use any trash bags...i like the variety that are colored and scented for a nice touch!
it's so easy to use.
once she started eating more "real" foods, her diapers became much smellier.
she's now 19 months and the champ is still a champ.
the diaper champ was hands down the best diaper pail i used while my child was in diapers (i used three: diaper genie, easy saver diaper pail, and the diaper champ).
it is so easy to use.
i love this diaper pail.
easy to use, easy to clean, cheaper to use, not bad-looking either.
the only con is that it can be tough to open until you get the hang of it.
but it will certainly be an even greater challenge for your child to open!
works for me.
thanks, but no.all in all, i really like my diaper champ.
i'm not sure if my sense of smell is just that of super hero's or my daughter has super smelly diapers.
either way her room does have the smell of dirty diapers when you enter and the "champ" is in the back corner of the room.
even the "new and improved" diaper genie can't compare to the diaper champ.the diaper champ uses regular size trash bags where the diaper genie requires special refills.
and regardless of brand, any diaper pail will need to be emptied on a regular basis.
when i first had my son, i bought a diaper champ to keep at my mom's house.
i had to explain to her that it wasn't a "magic pail", it was still just a covered trash bin.
ok - my husband used to leave restaraunts when a couple with a baby in a diaper came in, but he doesn't even mind emptying the diaper champ at all.
her daughter was nearly two years old by then, and the contents of her diapers are a lot different from the contents of an infant's diapers.
i was recommended this by a fellow mom before we had our daughter and purchased it from baby's r us.
it's fabulous!
we've been using it for almost 15 months now and still love it!
we save $$ on those expensive diaper genie refills and it works great.
well, my husband and i are very happy to get this in the mail.edited: 1/9/06at first i said it was great.
such a hastle right?
im giving this a 1 start out of 5 stars.
i can't tell you how many times i've chipped a nail or hurt my fingertips because of the force needed to open it.
this diaper pail is excellent.
i am very pleased with it.
they can rip out the filter that keeps the odors inside.
baby trend will expect you to send the pail and the original receipt back to them for repairs if the filter comes out.
our diaper champ has reached its limit, and we are going to buy another one.why another champ, when it still lets out smells?
hope that helps.
i love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
this is another great baby purchase.
i'm pretty sensitive to smells, but this one does a good job of containing odors.
you can use just regular trash bags which is awesome.
the second is that it doesn't twist shut like the genie does so when you open up the pail you smell all the lovely smells.
now our baby is 1 month old &amp; i've never smelled a poopy diaper (and we formula feed) in our nursery which is in our master bedroom.
diaperchamp was great until about 3 mos.
friends told me that the diaper genie did not work very well, so bought the diaper champ based on on-line reviews and i have been happy with it.
it works easily with one hand, which is important.
while the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the diaper champ is a good as it gets.
boy am i glad!
it is so easy to use especially since you can use regular trashbags vs. genie refills and the diaper is gone w/ a flip of a handle!!
also, a bit of a pain to clean...either outside with the hose or in the tub.
this one is the best and a must have!
this one is great because it is so easy to use, i never smell any odor, and it uses normal trash bags!
they work great and they are small so you can keep them in the nursery for quick and easy trash changes.
diaper champ works well for me.
it allows for quick and easy disposal of diapers, wipes, etc.
and does not require any special bags.
the mechanism works well to dispose of the diapers and attempt to keep the smell isolated, but at a certain level of the room (usually nose-height when you're sitting on the floor) you can still smell poo.
it works well to bundle the diapers into compact little bundles and use the velcro to seal the bundles before you put it in the diaper hole.
now, owning one myself, i agree.
my son is now 3 months old and we are still on our first box of kitchen sized trash bags....i have two very small complaints which is why i didn't give the diaper champ 5 stars.
second, you have to be very careful when changing out the bags.
i read a review below that can explain exactly what we experienced.
we've had it for 16 months and it has worked wonderful for us.
be careful of overloading and never take out that foam piece that is cushioned between pieces.
i got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
it works great.
i ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because i change him so often downstairs.
the reviews were definitely right.
i think it is great!
it is excellent since you can use your own trash bags in it and don't have to buy special ones.
but it is truly worth buying!
i love mine!
works well as diaper pail, but it's awesome as a bathroom garbage can.
we live in an apartment and have the champ set up in his bedroom.
we use scented glad bags to help mask the odor, which helps.
"the champ works great.
it was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
i also love that you can flip the device with one hand...highly recommended!!!
makes life easier and keeps baby's room smelling like baby, not dirty diapers!
we have been using the diaper genie for the past 17 months and are very happy with it.
we opted to purchase this diaper pail even though my sil gave us her used diaper pail (the other popular pail...one that uses its own brand of bags) for free--and we are very glad we did.here's what we love about this pail...*holds a lot of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!!
(we wrap them nice and tight)*we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!!
*holds the odor in nicely!
spraying down the inside of the container (and letting it air out) periodically definitely helps.
we keep the diaper champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does not smell like dirty diapers.
the diaper champ has been wonderful in our home!!
it locks away the smell so wonderfully that we purchased a second one for downstairs.
when you do open it to change the bags, you may want to do so outside.
i admit when i was an expecting father one of my concerns was diaper changing, mostly because of the odors (anyone with me on this one?)
its the easiest to use!
and it holds alot more!
this is worth the few extra buck because you arnt spending 5 more bucks every othe rweek for refills!
and i love the fact that you dont have to open it to put a diaper in so i can do it one handed.
just toss the diaper in the top and flip over the handle, its sooo easy!
holds a decent amount of diapers, my husband empties it once a week.
but it doesn't keep smells in at all.
it holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
i second that you just need to fold up the diaper (with wipes inside) neatly, but that is not a big deal.
this is one of the items that i absolutely love, something i'd rather not live without.
my husband and i chose to use cloth diapers on our son and this works great for holding them until they get washed.
we also love that it uses regular trash bags rather than needing special bags.
the diaper champ is super easy to use and very cost effective.
it is really easy to use, and doesn't take up a lot of space.
the diaper champ is a life saver.
the design is simple, yet brilliant, and the odors are sealed inside the diaper champ until the bag needs to be changed.
it is easy to use.
the price is very affordable as well.
we started with the diaper genie as most new parents do.
the bags never fit right and then it never spun right.
the diaper champ is the best we found!there are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
i've tried the two other most popular diaper pails and am happiest with this one.
it is easy to change the bag, uses any trash bag, and does a decent job of containing odor.
i would highly suggest using this one from the very beginning.
let's face it....no diaper pail is perfect, but this one is the best that i've used.
i bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and i absolutely love it!
the diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
and it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!
this is a great diaper pail.
there is no odor and it is very easy to use.
we ended up getting 1 for their home and 2 for our home.
we are so happy we did.
they are so easy to use.
with the diaper champ you can use any kind of bags which is great!!!
we also spray it with cleaner weekly to help with those nasty germs!
i also like the decor because you can dispose of the diaper with your foot, instead of a hand like with the champ, because now that my son is super squirmy on the changing table, i need of my hands on him!
we have both a diaper champ and a diaper genie....and we definitely prefer our champ!
not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
this one is really great.
well the champ has survived it's first year with our son and it is great!!
we just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
so $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
this pail is great.
i love the diaper champ!
it is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).it was a little tricky to open the first few times because i wasn't sure how the latch worked.
and is easy to clean.
love it!!!
this one uses regular bags (i use 32 gallon bags).
put an arm & hammer baking soda box at the bottom of the pail to help eliminate orders.
the side straps of the diaper will get caught in the shoot so make sure you roll the diaper really tight and use the straps to hold it together, otherwise your diaper shoot will get clogged.3.
keep a few handy in the nursery and use them to bag the poopy diapers.
several friends of ours recommended it, and i'm so happy that we purchased it.
it's large enough to hold many diapers, and it really does keep our nursery odor-free.
this diaper pail is a wonderful investment.
i highly recommend the diaper champ.
piece of cake.
love it, love it, love it!
i love that you can use regular plastic bags and don't need to buy refills for it.
wipes up nice and clean with antibacterial wipes.
great buy!
it is however a huge hassle to open so beware if you value your manicures.
it is very easy to use, refill, and move around.
now as my son's diet is changing, the odor of his bowl movements can no longer be contained.
yuck.on the plus side, it's wonderful to be able to use regular garbage bags, not the expensive ones the genie requires.
and it's certainly easy to use.
i've tried lysol and the dryer sheet at the bottom of the can and various other tricks to mask the odor emanating from the champ without luck.
plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
it contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
i really love how you don't have to buy bags for it, and that it takes perfectly good trash bags.
it works really great for us and we wouldn't use anything else.
it's a good size & fits nicely next to my baby's changing table.
we've used this diaper champ for the past 8 months and it's worked great.
the best part is you use regular kitchen trash bags, no expensive specialty bags to buy.
the diaper champ is excellent.
it also keeps the smell away perfectly fine-until you open it of course to take the bag out to the garbage can!
unlike the diaper genie, the diaper champ can be used for both disposable and cloth diapers.
it's so easy to use, my 18 mo old daughter figured out how to flip it and started doing it for fun.
she's now 2.5 and still loves to flip her training pants into the pail.
i just go to [the store] and purchase tall kitchen bags and use those for the diaper champ.
my husband and i hated this diaper pail from the day we first began using it.
:)  it's very easy to clean and so easy to use.
we have now used it for a year and it has been great!
i like the diaper champ because it doesn't use specific bags.
love the diaper champ.
it's also super easy to use one-handed which is important with a squirmy infant either in your arms or on the changing table.
i've used the genie in the past and much prefer the diaper champ.
i'm all about practicality when it comes to baby products and the diaper champ is right in line with my views.very easy to use,(my senior citizen parents figured it out...lol), controls odor well and uses regular trash bags...woohoo!
very easy to use.3.
very easy to empty.4.
there is a slight smell when my son delivers a really stinky muddy diaper.
and once it is open (stinky!!!)
also just a note.
my son started eating solid food and went to formula when it started stinking real bad!
i love this diaper champ.
this will definatly be my gift of choice from now on to all my pregnant friends.
this pail doesn't really keep in odors anymore and we'll probably have to get a new one, but since you can use regular garbage bags (we actually use the bags we get our groceries in because they hang perfectly) its still probably a better deal than the genie.
no special bags to buy... change at least twice per week (especially in the summer) and you are good to go.
i originally put this item on my baby registry because friends of mine highly recommended the use of a diaper pail.
also, making sure that the tape on the diapers is secure will prevent that from happening as well.2.
simple and it works!also, for those that complain that the diaper champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind:as babies get older, their diets changes (aka solid foods!)
i love this!
this allows us to make it thru the night without having to make a full crib linen change--- at least until morning.i will certainly buy this as my gift to all my friends baby showers!
our son uses the babi italia pinehurst classic crib...bought the ultimate crib sheet for it but it doesn't fit the crib very well.
it is good for backup use if my other regular sheets are in the wash though.
my son has been pulling up to stand and teething on the top side rails and actually made teeth marks with paint coming off!
so i improvised and used this crib sheet to cover the top rail, it fit perfectly in length and snaps perfectly together to stay on.
it does make it somewhat easier to change sheets in the middle of the night, but you still have to unsnap it from about 10 places on the crib to do so; i've also found the snaps a little difficult to engage.
otherwise, i use regular sheets.
changing the crib sheet daily was not fun.after i got this, it got a bit easier.
i have two ultimate crib sheets, and when my 6 month old has diaper leaks or blowouts while sleeping, i can easily switch to the new ultimate sheet.
they are machine washable and dryer safe, which i love, considering i am doing baby laundry multiple times a week.
putting regular sheets on crib mattresses is a huge hassle, so the ultimate crib sheet is a huge help for middle of the night diaper leaks.
as a result, changing her sheets is also super easy.
works great to keep the mattress and sheets under dry.
it also is good enough to be used without a cover, my daughter doesnt mind it.
its practical and good for the money paid, recommended.
this is the best thing ever!
it is soft, the cotton is excellent quality and the work of crib changing at 3 in the morning it just went from 10 minutes to 1 minute!
but we've bought a couple of these.
i'm a tad hesitant because they don't fit very well on our convertable crib.
i've also heard great things about those.
just unsnap, throw in the washer and go back to bed!soft, waterproof, love these.
ever tried to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night while your kids has either puked or peed on it.
no one is happy, everyone is crying.
this simplifies all of that and still lets you have and see your adorable sheet set you overpaid for.
the snaps are so much easier to deal with and the sheet is super absorbent.
it is definitely one of the first things that i recommend to parents and i'm glad that we will have it around for our second child.
make sure tha you buy a backup one or teo for those late night changings.
when my son was a newborn, i was able to fold it in two and placed a blanket on top to make it a little more comfortable because it is kind of scratchy.
now at four months it is at is full length and i still put a blanket on top of it.
this makes life simple and cleaner.
you can use it anywhere.
it keeps the rest of my son's crib sheets dry, so easy to take off and clean.
especially great for those nighttime leaks when you just need to change baby and the sheet and get back to bed!
it covers the full top surface of the crib, give or take an inch.
the upper material is soft and smooth with adequate middle absorption so that it catches excess moisture.
i used one on her crib on top of a decorative sheet, another doubled over in her playpen under a practical sheet (since the playpen pad can't be easily washed), and a third to replace whichever one she soiled most recently.
the snaps work well on small crib rails.
i highly recommend this to any new mother with an appropriate crib.
the mother had requested a couple of these.
great idea for a baby shower gift.
i absolutely love this sheet!
changing my babies sheet is effortless, thanks to this great invention.
a couple of my snaps have fallen off over time, but it's no big deal, and the sheet will still work- i highly recommed this sheet to anyone who has a baby!
therefore, i found it both quicker and easier just to take the mattress out all together and use fitted sheets (which are also more attractive).
i registered for the ultimate crib sheet after reading reviews in books and online.
all the praise is accurate!!!
it's better than the standard sheet savers because it covers the entire top of the matress - not just one part.
it snaps securely in place and can be changed in seconds!
get two or three ultimate crib sheets for easy changes - so much easier to change than the regular sheets...removing and replacing the bumper for those sheet changes is a huge pain and time consuming.
these are the only sheets i have ever used in my son's crib.
i just use my ultimate crib sheets.
i thought this looked wonderful in the store so i registered for a couple.
it's a soft sheet on top, an absorbent layer in the middle, and a waterproof vinyl back so nothing leaks through.
i highly recommend these sheets.
since then, i've had to do it myself, and i still hate it although i am getting better.the pros?it is nicely waterproof.
i love this sheet!
it is super absorbent and stays in place!
i have the pretty sheet that matches the bedding on the bottom and the crib sheet on top.
this is one a the gifts that i give at all baby showers because i think no mom should be without at least 2 of these (you need a spare!)
i love how it has saved me from changing the entire crib sheets off of the mattress.
the first time i went to change the crib sheet on my baby's crib i understood the importance of the ultimate crib sheet!
the ultimate cribe sheet snaps off & i put a clean one on - so easy & practical!
it would be easy for summer infant to make this sheet more adaptable to current crib styles by making the length of the corner straps longer or using multiple snap sockets to make the strap length adjustable.
this sheet fits better on a standard/traditional crib with thinner diameter corner posts.i also question the real value of this for older babies who move around in their cribs.
in those cases we have to just strip the whole crib anyways so the ultimate crib sheet is of little real utility for us.i could see this being a big time saver for parents with traditional cribs or those with babies/toddlers who often have various "accidents" in their cribs and need to frequently change a crib sheet on the fly.
however we have found that a waterproof pad under a normal crib sheet works just fine for our baby.
so in that sense it's helpful.
i wouldn't sleep on this so will not use it for my son's crib.
this is the best crib sheet out there!
i absolutely love the idea of this crib sheet.
for those of you that have italian made cribs (i have a baby italia), this sheet may not work for you either.
i bought three of these before my son was born and it was money well spent - we bought one cute sheet that goes with his bedding that we leave on and change the ultimate crib sheet as needed.
changing crib sheets with a bumber in place is a major pain!
return all those cute sheets you bought and invest in a bunch of these - you won't regret it!
reality is...you don't have to have this, but it really helps simplify your life if you do.
instead, you just unsnap and place a clean one on top of the mattress.
i have a regular crib sheet under the ultimate crib sheet for decorative purposes and in case he needs to be placed on it if my spare is dirty.
we always keep our house at 68-70 and dressed him in a cotton sleeper.
changing a fitted mattress sheet is a giant pain in the butt.
wool is a truly fabulous product: very breathable, helps regulate body temp, naturally water resistant, anti bacterial and natural!!!!
my baby stays dry and comfortable.
i had bought this sheet on the recommendation of others from babies r us.
the waterproof backing is great not just for the diaper leaks but also for the spit-ups.
however, we use this when we let her air dry, and it definitely does work.
well this is the answer!
perfect gift!!!
buy two and put them both in the crib.
i even washed and dried on the normal cycle (not gentle) in warm water (not cold, as is recommended).
this mattress pad/sheet creates an unsafe environment.
i love this item.
it is much easier for those middle of the night diaper mishaps, to just go in and unsnap the top sheet and put baby back to bed.
when my daugher used this sheet, she had a skin rash and started getting a bold spot on the back of her head.
but, there is an upside.
this sheet was perfect.
thankfully, it was only 2 snaps and i was still able to make the sheet function.
however, it does take some time to snap the sheet on securely and it isn't very soft or cozy for baby.
it has kept accidents from leaking through and it did work well in that area, but as far as adding coziness or comfort or ease of use...it failed miserably.
go for a different crib pad that will protect and add some softness/coziness to the crib.
this sheet also does not retain warmth well - even after throwing in the dryer and then putting on crib, it cools quickly and remains cool which may be nice in the summer but not during a winter in south dakota...one more additional note, it does take a very long time for these sheets to dry - an extra dry cycle in the dryer.
i tried one out and absolutely loved it!
changing sheets is a breeze!
highly recommended if you are done lifting that dang mattress up!
i do like that the sheets are easy to change, clean well and allow you to keep the crib safe without having to add a lot of bedding.
our newborn baby boy has been having a ball spraying us every time we change him.
thank goodness we bought these crib sheets!
i can't see the sheets underneath really well, since it covers the entire top of it, but it keeps it clean and dry.
the top is soft, while the bottom is lined with plastic.
love this.
this makes it easier to keep my baby's bed clean.
try to change those sheets on a heavy crib mattress in the middle of the night after your kid has an accident and then try jus changing this pads.
you will never go back!!
best gift for a mom to be, well besides a prenatal massage :)
the summer infant ultimate crib sheet is a very useful product.
it seems to be waterproof and yet doesn't make the baby sweaty.my only concern would be that since it attaches to the crib rails, there is an outside chance a baby could loosen/undo a strap.i think it would be handy to have two of these to rotate them out.
lifesaver for this middle of the might diaper leaks!
it's always a pain to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night, but this makes it so much easier.
had one during her first year.
the ultimate crib sheet is truly that: just undo a few snaps and toss it in the wash.
it's soft and durable, and your expensive bedding and mattress pad stay fresh and dry.
i bought these because a good friend recommended them.
they are awesome especially when kids have runny noses etc.
this pad has worked well for my son.
it's nice not to have to wash an entire sheet and mattress pad every time he has a small accident.
it has never leaked and it's been washed many times and still retains its waterproof quality.
started potty training and this has been our best purchase.
stays put.
washes well
it does what it is intended to do, protect mattress from wetness.
it is not comfortable so you have to put it under the sheet which means a lot of changing or bedding during the middle of the night if there is an accident.
for a training pad these are super easy to use, wash and make acceptable with your kid.
i use this along with a water proof mattress pad, to minimize the number of times i have to launder everything, and it is fantastic.
this is an excellent mattress pad to use during potty training.
it fits across our mattress just fine and we are able to tuck it in.
it continually rolls up and then my son is sleep with a big crease across his chest and tummy....which is not very comfortable.
and it doesn't secure to the bed that well.
we are in the process of night-time training our 4 year old.
this has saved us a lot of sheet washing.
i absolutely love the handy's plus pad.
i purchased 5 of the full-size pads for my son over a year and a half ago and i think they are great.
), are comfortable and wash-up well.
i also use one (full-size) on the spinmaster flip-open sofa to keep spills and accidents from staining the sofa.
if you like basic comfort's ultimate crib sheet, then you'll also like their handy's plus pad.
the handy's plus pad is basically the ultimate crib sheet with side flaps and without the snaps.
in fact, the pad portion of the handy's plus pad - full size is almost the same size as the ultimate crib sheet.)
i do take it outside every month and give it a good cleaning w/ bleach and a garden hose.
it is very easy to open and i wonder about my son getting in it as he gets older.
my husband and i picked out this diaper pail when i was pregnant with my son because friends told us to get one that uses regular garbage bags.
yes, my spring broke as well... but looking on the brighter side: when my son is old enough to walk he won't be able to accidently press the spring button to release the pail cover... it's kind of an unexpected safety feature!
and yes, you can still open it with one hand... your fingers are not glued to one another.
the covered pail is cheap and doesn't require buying refill bags (especially since we use cloth diapers).
we have used this pail for 3 years, and 2 kids.
the advantage is that this pail doesn't require any special bags.
several of my friends disapproved of the diaper genie and recommended we purchase an inexpensive diaper pail that uses regular garbage bags.
purchased this unit to hold adult size large briefs and have been pleasantly surprised.
it helps with odor control, but is certainly not odorless.
this one has a lid that closes nicely to shut out odors.
it has a nice little compartment for odor disks to help manage odor.
plus if you have plugs that go sideways like our roku does.
you can't use it.
bought this to keep my toddler from unplugging some important plugs (ie: tv, chest freezer, etc) it works very well and is extremely secure.
i bought these to help baby proof my house.
my son gets into everything!!
these covers are fantastic.
there is no way my son will be able to open them....he's tried!
so you still need to be vigilant :)
there are two pieces to the outlet cover: back part replaces the outlet cover (and needs to be screwed on) and the front cover, which is released from the back cover by squeezing the two plastic pieces on the sides.
and the price is great for a 2-pack.
it projects far out from the wall, and cannot accommodate any plugs larger than a two prong (meaning non grounded) table lamp cord.
anything like a power strip, laptop cord, etc, will not even be able to be plugged in because the casing blocks it.
it also sits on top of the outlet cover, so there is no way to really secure it tightly and it can rotate a bit.
my advice?
our laptops, our phone charger (samsung galaxy has a small box that plugs into wall), ipod chargers, computer charger, power strip plug, light dimming plug attached to lamp, dslr charger, baby sound machine, verizon fios plugs.
oh, and the electric toothbrushes.useless, sending them back.
if you want to keep the plug in there forever, it is the best one.
but the first time, you still need to open it to install.
these work great to keep kids out of the plugs and are easy enough to remove by an adult.
we use them in our nursery.
this is for very basic wires and plugs.
work it gently and it will come off easy with a little presure.
great to keep kids away from plugs, but it prevents me from using the plugs as well.
if you have something that is plugged in permanently, it may work great but don't use this for an outlet you need to access regularly.
it took both my husband and i 10 minutes to finally pry it open.
it also doesn't fit all outlets.
what a pain to to remove the cover and does not fit some plug types.
the plug won't come out of the box easily, but it can still be unplugged, and since it's harder for an adult to get fingers in the top part to plug it back in, it has to be taken apart to be plugged back in.overall, it's done the job very well, but it is big and isn't perfect (though i doubt anything is).
i love this item.
i absolutely love this item.
it fit our large power strip easily.
also very easy to use.
i would highly recommend.
they are as shown, and work great so that kids can't pull out the many cords that we all use easily!
yes, the cover did keep the babies from actually touching the outlets in the power strip, but i could have accomplished the same thing with a couple of normal outlet covers.in the end, i rearranged our cords making the power strip & this cover unnecessary.
i enjoy how i can reach my skinny fingers into it unplug one thing and still leave it in the power strip cover but my son can still not get into it at all.
this helps from letting my daughter play with the actual outlet and plug in, but she can still pull the cord out of the plug in the inside.
this is a perfect baby proofing tool.
the strip cover will cover most standard sized power strips.
it is really easy to put together- just snap shut in 3 places.
it is also easy to adjust as there is a button on the side that allows you to slide it between different sizes.
overall, best power strip cover i've seen.
we have several surge protectors throughout the house and these covers fit them well and protect the plugs and open outlets.
one nice plus is it actually neatens the look of the power strip, instead of making it look tackier.
what a great idea, to protect your power strip.
i bought this power strip cover to protect my toddler from the power strip we have under a chest in our living room.
the design is sturdy and fits our power strip perfectly, it is also easy to put  together.
my toddler's hand and a portion of his arm fit through the slot perfectly, so he can reach the outlets and the switch of the power cord.
it works well and keeps all the cords from being pulled.
does the job!
it's huge.
i'm just grateful someone made something like this to keep our kids safe from electrocution.
:)
this is the best power strip cover i have found.
we tried the mommy's helper cover but it doesn't shut very securely and doesn't fit some larger plugs.
doesn't fit the strip we have our computer/tv plugs in.
we intended it to use there, but are using it in our bedroom instead.
my 2 year old never cared about the power cord under my computer (that powers the router), but once she discovered the entire family's reaction to pressing that red button, she sure loved sneaking down there.
it's funny how many people have positively reviewed this.
yes, it's very convenient, easy to use, and fits well.
and it doesn't even begin to protect against a child sticking a metal object in there.
i just ended up getting a power strip with a longer cord and moving it behind a bookcase.
i bought and returned the other popular brand of power strip cover because it doesn't fit iphone/imac chargers.
bottom line: treat this as a deterrent and not a substitute for knowing when your kid's playing with power cords.
this fits a very specific style of power strip.
we have a in floor outlet under our love seat that we have a power strip attached to.
we didn't want to get rid of the power stripe because it runs my husbands laptop and the table lamp.
this is was the perfect solution.
easy to use!
if you are plugging in standard sizes only, it should work great.
great option for covering your outlets from little fingers.
easy to use and store away.
not just that, but there is a large opening at the top for the cords to fit through, but the gap is so big, my kids can still unplug the cords and play with them.
this cover isn't the most attractive thing, but works.
it's about the size of a one liter soda bottle, and slides together/apart to extend the length.
it is tall enough, but not quite long enough to secure together firmly on our extra long power strip.
it still works however, and is the best solution i've found.
this power strip easily keeps my breast-pump plug secure.
it also covered as well as the other plugs :) easy to use and sturdy.
unlike that item, this cover is expandable from 9" to 13.5" in length.
place the power strip into the inner lower cover, then replace the inner top cover, then slide the inner cover into the outer cover.the plastic is stiffer compared with the mommy's helper model, but it also seems more brittle.
fits all of my cords (even my apple cords) perfectly.
works exactly as advertised.
this works pretty well to keep little hands from grabbing power strips.
for our longest strip we had to duct tape around the entire device to make sure it stays together.
keep in mind its kind of bulky i didnt think of that when ii purchased this but still a good buy for what i needed it for!
it's not pretty but it is effective.
will update this is my son figures out how to take it apart.
great for a smaller/medium sized power strip though.
this cover works well for my power strips -- all the ones in my house fit.
also, i like that it doesn't matter how big the plugs are that you have in the power strip, it holds them (those large converter plugs that won't fit is so many child proof products fit fine in this one.my child is 10 months and hasn't messed with these yet, so i can't say how they will hold up with a larger toddler.
essential if you are in the process of baby-proofing the living daylights out of your apartment/house, as i am.
my son who is 18 months can fit his hand in this gap and  can almost reach the outlet.
it keeps my child and my electronics safe!my only critique of this item is that it seems a bit flimsy when fully extended.
the power strip for my entertainment center is a pretty standard length and size and fits in this strip cover with the cover extended fully.
functional and easy to use.
they aren't the prettiest thing, but they work to keep my son safe, which is the most important.
i do usually have to open and close them to unwind, but that is okay.
what is important is that they put the cord high above a child's reach.
although the design of these is to wind the cord shorter, when a window is open and blinds are drawn the cord does get longer.
terrifying.
from a company named safety 1st - back to the drawing board on these!
after installed, i could still open the oven door with my pinky finger.
i tried a different lock prior to this one, which i returned as the lock kept flopping down inside the oven whenever open.
it is easy to install, and works in areas with tight clearance too.
this item won't attach to a regular stove because the adhesive won't stick to the sides.
she's tried to operate the lock a few times, and has not been successful at that either.
we love this oven lock.
the time now was well worth the ease in the future.
this is great because when we have future company we can reactivate them and the home is childproof again.
definitely a wonderful investment.
they work great and i love that you can't see them or my child can not get his fingers stuck in anything!
they took about 30 minutes to install and they are amazing!
love these.
even though the tot lok is a bit pricey, it's well worth the money.my daughter's room has a cabinet that has 2 doors with an open shelf space between them.
we didn't want her to have access to the cabinets, as we store her nicer books in the cabinets.
we tried several different methods of keeping her out of the cabinet doors.
these things are great.
we have these locks installed on our cabinets in our home.
i've tried other brands without success.. my kids always figure a way to get in.
i would definitely recommend this to a friend or family member, without hesitation!
the locks are great.
i would recommend these b/c they work and with the key...they're almost even adult proof.
still, most people may want to try the adhesive locks (see below) first, to make it easier to get some child proofing done quickly.pros:+ very nice & secure once installed, especially since the fit can be adjusted to give a tight lock when closed.+ works vertically or horizontally ... that is, on the side of a door or the top.+ can easily be switched to hold the lock open, for when no children are aroundcons:- complicated to install, especially in some situations.
so you might not get around to installing them, given all the other demands on your time.- requires drilling a hole partway through the cabinet door from the inside for the magnetic part, plus some small holes to attach- may require some new tools - a collar lock, to keep from drilling through the door; and a right angle chuck for tight spacesif you plan to be in your home for a while, and want a finished, secure set of locks, the tot loks may be a good choice.one note, if you use them often the magnetic key will wear the finish where it rubs.adhesive mount magnetic locks: the kidco adhesive mount magnet locks will only work in some spots, but it's still a good lock to try first, for a lot of people, because it works well (in the right situations) and is easy to install.
buy some and see how they work on your cabinets.
so a child can bang them back and forth - they might not open the door or drawer, but they will make a racket.
and even younger kids can sometimes open them by pulling or pushing on the doors.
however, they are a good temporary solution and can be useful to carry when you travel.flex locks:  flex locks (like the safety first cabinet flex-lock (see reviews) orcabinet flex-lock 2-pack) are strong and easy to install, and you can see by looking at them whether the lock is secure (unlike the magnetic locks, which are designed to be out of sight).
and as a bonus, they are so secure that even some adults can't open them!
;-)  (they do take two hands to open.)
not attractive, but they do the job if you keep them tightened.
we bought these magnet latches to put on our drawers in the kitchen and what a dream!!
definitely.
after it was all done, it works perfectly.
it's not super easy to install (each lock requires 6 screws plus one hole in the door).
if you take your time, ready the instructions, plan it out, and execute; it works great.
the adhesive ones are easy to install but i bet my son would open them in no time.
we on the other hand love these locks.
we bought our first set 7 years ago to use with our first child.
we prefer to leave our on at all times (even when our children don't need the cabinets locked anymore) because they are easy to turn off (just a flip of the red tab inside the cabinet) that way they are there whenever you have little ones visiting your home.
if you do happen to lose your lock you can buy a strong magnet from your home improvement store and still get it open.
we like to keep our lock on the metal frame by the kitchen window above the sink.
good luck whatever you decide.
), our pediatrician recommended these to us.
the newer models work even easier than the original ones we purchased years ago.
they open easily when the magnet is put near (don't even need to touch the cabinet door).
we use these in several places over the house and love the convenience, but piece of mind it gives.
they are also pretty strong - our 3 1/2 year old pulls and tries to open sometimes and has not broken or pulled open any drawer.note - the old version needed a drill to make a small hole on the lock which sits inside the door, but the newer ones like this no longer require that hole to be made.
when they work, they are awesome.
these locks are fantastic, but wow, what a pain to install.
it's worth it for those.
they worked well at first but had a learning curve.
they were correctly installed by my husband, but the magnet is just not strong enough to get it to open.
it may work if you have the thinner particle board cabinets, but it definitely didn't work through our solid wood cabinets.
love these, my son can not open anything now.
everything is totally safe in our home now because of these
i am sure we will use these in the future, but i wanted to post saying that our doctor recommended an emery board to avoid the risk of cutting the skin of a newborn because their nails are so close to it.
after trying many different brands and styles - this is the one that we love.
it will not work for big people nails, which is nice - it means i can always find it when i need!i highly recommend these clippers to caregivers of infants and toddlers.
in addition, my request to return the item was closed before the return approval process was completed!
nice clippers, easy to hold in the hand.
easy to clean.
great grip .
easy to hold and easy to use, we love it and it helps stop our son from scratching his face up at night.
the extra add-on is awesome for long-fingered parents!
and hard to hold, but this is great, it fits into the palm of my hand and i get my newborn son's nails clipped much easier.
the size is perfect for her little fingers.
i could easily see my baby's nails and clip them without fear of cutting her.
the handle fits nicely in my hand.
i know they make these with a huge bulb on them now, but i still use the pairs of these i had from 10.5 years ago when my son was born.
i clip my 10 and 4 year olds' nails with these and they are steady and perfect and still clip fine.
just bought a pair for a new mom-to-be friend, and have gifted them in the past.
and maybe some reading glasses and good light!
i'm ftm and just used on my 5 days old baby-works perfectly.
not bulky, sharp and great quality.
highly recommended.
we had the summer infant clippers first.
they came in a two-pack, with a smaller clipper and a larger clipper.
i bought this pair of clippers because of the rave reviews on amazon.com.
they won't touch the metal ones, but these work really easy even for them to clip their own nails.
first, instead of a small white plastic bulb, the 49523/49539 has a larger white-and-orange or white-and-blue handle that allows you to hold the clippers like a "gun" with your index finger under the blades and your thumb on the lever.
second, the orange or blue part of the 49523/49539 handle is soft and less slippery than the white plastic of this model.
third, the lever has the same soft orange or blue non-skid rubbery material at the end, thus providing a cushion for your thumb.in terms of cutting nails, the very good performance of this model and the 49523/49539 are the same.
this nail clipper is small, but handles very well and the thicker handles make it an easier process.
this is baby nail clipper #4 that we've tried, and our search is finally over.
it's sharp enough to cut nails on the first try and the white bulb is pretty comfortable to hold.
the emery board is useful.- dubon baby nail clipper (the kind that you wear on your finger like a ring) - has the safety guard so you don't catch the baby's skin in the clippers, but that makes it almost impossible to clip the actual nail.
his finger bled, my son cried and i panicked.
they are very safe.
i know that every doctor says an oral temperature doesn't count, you have to take a rectal one.
you pop it in their mouth, couple of seconds later, you have your temperature.
super convenient!
also, check with your doctor about how to take accurate readings: our pediatrician said that a rectal thermometer was the most accurate for the early weeks of her life.
it's a great concept.
when my son was sick i replaced his regular pacifier with this one, and simply pressed the button when i (nervous first time mom that i am) needed reassurance.
i've tried to use this thing many different times and my girls always spit it right out, even if i tried to hold it there they would push it out with their tongue, they hate it.
my girls are currently 14 months old and love their binky pacifiers but i've tried to get them to use this to take their temps several times and they make a face & push it right out.my girls hate & have always hated having their temperature taken under the arm pit but they do not mind it taken rectally, it is very easy and the most accurate.
my baby is two years old now and he loves his pacifiers.
especially if the baby is not feeling well.
get a real thermometer.
turns out it is the perfect cushion (it has suction cups) to attach inside our sink and put baby in for baths.
the cushion also allows me to flip baby over so i can wash his back.
it's perfect.
my grandmother got this tub for my 3 month old son to use while visiting.
it isn't as spacious as the tub we use at home, which is a little smaller than most tubs, but it folds up nicely, and it feels very safe and sturdy-not flimsy at all.
this tub is great for grandma's house, or if space is tight.
this tub has proven very handy.
my son got his first bath in it at only 3 days old.
the tub has been great, but now that my son is 17 lbs.
i like this tub, it fits in my sink well, it folds up nicely.
my daughter is 4 months old and still fits in it.
its ability to be easily stored was a big plus in the hospital, as well as at home.
the nicu nurse recommended that we line any infant tub with one of those baby bath sponges (ours is yellow and in the shape of a bear).
we use our tub in the kitchen sink.
this positon is more upright and also makes it easier to wash her hair.
we use the kitchen sprayer on low and place a washcloth over our baby's torso which we frequently re-wet with warm water to keep her from getting cold.
our baby is still a bit small for 4 months, but we anticipate that this tub will work for several more months.
our baby loves bath time!- our baby is now 8 months old and about 16 pounds.
this fold-up tub was a great purchase for us!
i can't see her fitting in the tub much longer.
i'm sure this helps prevent leaks, but it also prevents all water from adequately draining out.
at first he hated to take a bath and now he loves it.
i love the fact that it folds up very easily and will fit into a closet when folded.
i feel i got my moneys worth out of it.
if you are looking for a tub that is safe and easy to store i recommend this one.
we used to keep the water running into the tub the entire time we were bathing our son and this worked out great.
the water was always the right temperature and our son loved the splashing from the faucet.
this tub is incredible for a newborn.
it's non-skid surface really helps hold baby in place, and it's size makes it very easy to bathe your baby.
it folds up nicely & we stored it under the bathroom sink.
i will definitely use this tub again for our next newborn!
as with most tubs, this holds maybe a quart of water, which means, only babies bum is wet, how fun is that.
also, you can't fill it to the level you would want because of the way its reclined.
we only used for a few weeks before just bringing her in the tub with mom and washing her that way.
we have limited storage so this works great & fits in the sink perfectly.
my daughter is very comfortable in it.
it does fit in the kitchen sink though.
she hasn't outgrown it yet, and has plenty of room.
it is a great tub, and a great price!
they both work and get the job done but for space reasons being able to fold it and put out of the way is much nicer imo...
baby loves bathtime and is 6 months old.lets just say that this tub is downstairs with the rest of the lawnsale stuff for this year.....
i used this tub with my 1st son almost 4 years ago and now i bought a new one for my 2nd son born this year.
living in an apartment, this tub is great for small spaces.
the only reason i am giving it 4 stars is because i had to buy a sponge to use on top of this in order to keep my son from slipping.
it's a great tub otherwise.
the sling seemed to work all right when my son was smaller, but now he is 4 months and he loves to kick.
all in all, i will give this tub another chance once my son gets older and can sit up but if it still leaks, i am getting another one.
anyway,...i love this tub.
we've only used this tub a handful of times because our son is only 3 weeks old.
it takes my husband and i to bathe him b/c the tub offers no help.
we have been using it since our daughter's first bath.
our daughter seems to like the sling.
being the excited new mom i opened this to get a feel for it and see how it would fit in our home and almost cut my finger sliding it open!
i followed all the directions, i was very careful and patient with this tub, i washed it and dried it after each use and still i find things growing in the crevices and between the top and bottom.
the sling slips out of place all the time and the bath ring isn't worth the extra work it takes to clean it and the little ridges that hold it into the tub.
i registered for this tub because i thought it is very cool and so multi-functional.after the baby was born and passed his stage of dry bath, i found this tub is not very easy to use.
it is great!
this blue gear is awesome.
if somebody has it, please, i will buy from you.
my boys are quite big for their age, and they love to kick their legs and splash around.
everything on the tub works well.
but theres a reason they stick so much to keep my son safe.
it is at this point that by moving the tub, the suction cups stick to the counter and while moving the tub, it unhooks the clips and out come the waterworks....all over the hardwood floors.
look at it!
i pressed and clicked the correct spot like it said in the directions and yet it still leaks.
a phase that this tub doesn't suitably deal with.
i took it back and bought a basic tub and a foam bear pad to lay her on.
less $$ and easy to use.
baby gets playful, kicks his legs, and mom spends half the time repositioning him on the sling (which operates more like a slide), so that he won't slip all the way into the water.
oh well.
it's impossible to snap back together if by some miracle you can change the size.
i love the sling, but i am tempted to beat the tub with a hammer just to take out my frustrations with it.
we had to put a large bear-shaped foam bath sponge between him and the sling to minimize the slipping, but we still had to readjust him quite frequently.
the newborn sling is nice, and lets baby have contact with the water without feeling overwhelmed.
baby loves to explore the tub, and the secure bath ring helps keep him safely and securely in one place.
i was never fond of this even with the first use.
it doesn't colapse or open easily leaving a large tub.
we put the baby tub in the big bath tub and our little one loves to take baths.
i like the whole set up especially teh suction cups so it doesnt slide around, the sling to keep the baby laying on an incline is great too the perfect height to keep the baby happy.
our son is now almost one and he still loves this tub, great value!
well, first you can not use it in your home bathtub, because the suction cups will not adhere to a non-slip surface.
i looked at it and thought what a great idea for a tub.
first of all, the tub leaks.
my son absolutely hated bath time until i bought the seat that sits in the bath tub and now he is happy.
i found it easy to use and it sticks to the bathtub great, but my two month old is constantly slipping down and i have to keep pulling him back up onto the hammock.
it is more trouble than it is worth.
i've had absolutetly no leaks with this tub, and the suction cups still work great.
the bathring works great, and can be moved out of the way when baby is old enough to sit alone.
i think this tub is great!!!
so far, it has been great.
by far this is one of the best baby items i own!
well, i loved it when we first had our daughter.
as a newborn, i used the sling to bathe my son.
my son kept sliding down, even with one hand on him at all times.
love it!!!!!
from day one my son had a great time in his new (huge) tub.
he is comfortable and there is enough water around him to keep him warm and for him to splash.
i returned this item right away.
it does a good job.
this tub is okay, but not the best there is.
our son is 3 months old and fairly long, 25 inches.
so if you intend to use this fence as a corral, either indoors or out, this is a great buy.
you (and your toes) will be much happier.
when our son started rolling into chairs, we knew we needed something to keep him safe.
this play yard fits great in our living room, yet there's plenty of room for him to roll around in all directions.
also, i like that it's see-thru.
it was affordable and it does the job.
it'd be nice to not have to move him.
we bought this play area to keep our 15 month old daughter safe while we worked outside.
she loves it and plays well.
best of all, is that it is very light and easy to carry, as well as having an excellent carry strap.
it isn't a very large gate- even when fully extended, it covers an area only about the size of a medium to large playpen.
it is very easy to clean and to transport.
the panels fold together and the carrying strap makes the job even easier still.
but the shorter height has one clear advantage: it makes it easy for parents because it can be stepped over.
there is no need to dissemble the panels or open the gate to get inside.superyard xt is solid and sturdy but consumers must be careful to position it properly.
with the limited space, some people may have difficulty fitting even two kids inside the closed walls of the gate.
depending on the number of toys your kids have, one child might be all that will fit.
this kit consists of two additional panels and while this doesn't sound like much, it increases the area substantially and it makes the gate capable of handling two kids with no problems.overall, superyard xt is a very good gate for child or pet containment.
it offers kids a place to play where they are well- protected, giving parents some much needed peace of mind.
i use it on a carpeted area for our 7 month old infant, so she can crawl around to her hearts content and be safe from wall outlets, small objects, etc.
the 'superyard xt' is also great for puppies, and more humane than crating them for hours.
i know my grand daughter is safe while she is entertaining herself.
we will be able to start bringing it outdoors as well now that the weather is improving!i also am planning on purchasing another one to use to "gate off" 2 over-sized entrance ways to my family room.
my husband believes if we screw 3 hooks ((with the full hole, not the 1/2 hole) to either side of each door frame, and then attatch those strong zip-ties to the hooks and the holes in the gate, that it will work.
and, one of my friends owns one, and used it to surround her christmas tree last year, which i thought was an amazing idea!i think that once our boys master crawling, and eventually walking that the super-yard will prove even more valuable than it is now!
definitely, a very sturdy gate that won't just fall apart when pulled or tagged by my son, now 14 months.
a great investment for a lifelong use.
it will tip over, the circular formation is the sturdiest.
highly recommended.
we originally purchased the yard to wrap around our stone wall/fireplace.
we use them as a deterant and not as a "babysitter."
our daughter is always supervised, but it's nice to have a "split second accident preventer."
anyway, well worth the cost for a variety of uses!
we bought 3 sets... family is buying them also.
it's great that you can adjust the individual pieces.i recommend buying the extra parts to have a larger space for baby to roam in.
we have great fun playing in it together!
this is our experience.
your mileage may vary.plus side: the fence itself is robust and basically indestructable.
also, it's pretty clunky and large, so once it's up, we keep it up.
i got this from a friend whose son had outgrown it.
it has been wonderful.
we use it both indoors and out.
it is especially handy in the backyard since we have a pool.
i just put a few toys inside it with my son and he's happy for a while.
it folds easily and stores great under the bed.
we love this thing.
she gave herself a nice red spot on her head when she hit the &quot;hinge joint&quot; part of the pen that concerned me, but it wouldn't be very effective if it wasn't sturdy.
she doesn't protest to being put in it because she has a sense of freedom and scoots all around and is still be able to see us.
and we can keep an eye her as well.
it is the perfect size as not to intrude on living room space but big enough to hold her ever-growing little body and a ton of her toys.
it's great in the sense that it contains him very well.
it contains his crate, wee-wee pad and food bowl with plenty of room for him to play around in.
i bought a second one to use as a gate to keep him from going up our stairs.
one drawback is the gate is a little difficult to open at times in case you want to just walk in.
but i was able to use it for other purposes which was great, such as enclosing the fireplace.
our baby never liked to be penned in anywhere, but we use it to gate off the "band area" of the basement.
it's very versatile, and i recommend it.
my son is getting around pretty good now and i wanted to be able to contain him a little.
a good purchase that can be used in multiple ways.
it holds position nicely.
it works for indoor and outdoor areas, and the optional extensions can be used to make rather large enclosures quite easily.we bought this as a replacement for the pack-n-play type portable play yard.
the superyard has been a very good, albeit not completely perfect, solution for providing some portable play space that requires somewhat lighter supervision than a freeplay in an open room.
our son's now closing in on 14 months and this has been useful for that purpose.it's not 100% easy to set up and reconfigure, and there's a reason for that.
the extra difficulty with piecing the "end" sections together means it's nearly impossible for a tot to open or close this by their lonesomes.
it takes some strength and adult wile to open the sections and bend the connectors at various angles to thus reconfigure the overall shape.
we're on our fourth month of using ours, and it's very easy now to open and close the corral, as we call it (perhaps in part because we do it frequently).one of the big advantages of this type of arrangement is the shape of the enclosure can be changed.
if you put a 120 degree angle at each of "joints" and form at least a hexagon (with the basic model) or an octagon (with the model plus one extension), you get an incredibly stable structure.
the superyard has at least made a part of this room safe enough.as for being able to climb over it -- there may be some prodigious children who can scale this using the lattice work as foot-rests, but i strongly suspect they can scale other things as well.
so while he objects to being set down alone, a little distraction with a forgotten toy and the reassurance of being able to see the parent through the "wall" usually suffices to make us both happy.
i bought this and it was great!
my oldest son even liked to get in with her to play so she was never &quot;lonely&quot;.i also used this outdoors a lot during summer months.
my family is big on campfires and cookouts and this was a great way to ensure her safety, yet not have her confined to a play pen!
we bought this play yard when our son was 2 months old and we love it!
it keeps his toys, books, blankets, etc.
in a clean space away from our curious doggies.
it can be configured into different shapes and easily moved.
we bought the superyard xt to use as a playpen area for our son.
has options available to make it sturdy and permanent in placement.3.
able to see though the gates, great for both parent and child.4.
easy to fold up (with some elbow grease)5.
very very easy to store away.6.
white color, very nice can match just about anything.7.
if you want to use the superyard as an extensive gate to block entranceways this gate is fantastic in every way.
as she grew (and the number of toys as well), i purchased an extension to make the area bigger.
it was great for both indoor and outdoor use.
we also used it to block the large open area between our kitchen and family room that no other gate would be large enough to cover.
we also plan on using it around our christmas tree again this year.
well worth it for it's versatility.
it is easy to put together and i purchased an additional section to make it even larger.
we have used it at home, at the beach, in the yard and as a barrier for both the christmas tree and pellet (wood) stove to keep our little ones safe.
this gate is an indispensable thing in our household.
we have twins and it seems to keep our kiddos as well as all their stuff in one place.
this is the best gate!!
today, she flailed herself towards the cube and banged her eye socket against one of the corners.
he loves watching the flashing lights and hearing the music.
it's been many months since we bought this and baby is still interested in it.
worth the $$.
our 11 month old really loves this toy, he loves swatting the sides to make the music turn off/on.
both of my twins love this toy!
who is very chatty and outgoing.
i was so excited to get this for my 1yo, and it is a great toy...  my 1yo & 3yo love it.
when it begins getting low on power, the music sounds warped, like an old warped record, which is dreadful!
i hope this isn't happening to others.
my daughter isn't quite a year old, and she can control this toy.
it's easy to press the buttons, and she loves the music.
i think this is a great buy!
i like the choices of instruments - violin, piano, harp, flute & french horn - partly because i play three of those.it cycles through 8 songs (not all mozart as implied by the name).
i like that it's colorful and the education it provides with the instruments (mommy and daddy are crazy music lovers) as well as the simplicity of the toy.
great item, my baby loves the music, i love it as well pressing all the buttons, i would def.
very happy with it!
it's that good.
this toy seemed very well liked and is recommended on many toy homepages in the top ten toys.
i bought this for my 4-month old son.
the best sounds he liked were the flute, piano and the orchestra.
the best thing about this music cube is that you can play one instrument at a time and then the final orchestra one to kind of show the music-mix.i believe it will help develop my baby's musical skills.cons: the battery didn't last long.
however, communicating with drugstore.com and the whole return process is a significant hassle.
i'm a very amateur violinist and would like the violin button to truly sound like strings but instead it's very electronic.however, the piano and french horn are quite good facsimiles.research tells us that early introduction of classical music to children aids in their developing cognitive abilities.
this is a great way to make music fun for kids and i think all would enjoy this toy.
bought this as a gift because we love the one we own!
we received a used one as gift when my daughter was 9 months and it has held up great over the years.
both of my kids love it too.
my 10 month old daughter loves this toy and we also like the music it plays.
also, it is a great size to travel with for road trips.
definitely a toy we recommend.
we have also given it as a gift and the one year old loves it.
we got this as a baby shower gift and my son has loved it since he was about 3 months old.
i love that he loves this toy!
this toy is great.
she even gets excited when the music picks up and wiggles around.
well worth the money.
he loves moving it around the room.
a few of the sounds could be improved.
i guess it is educational ....
my 9 month old loves this musical cube.
it has a nice selection of music.
my twin babies, now 9 months, liked this one right away.
it lights up and eventually we'll all associate those different colors with the different musical scores.i think for the price it is worth it without a doubt.
has 8 recognizable tunes and easy enough for our 9 month old to figure out.
nice silicone-esque edging makes it easy to grip and keeps from sliding.
this is just the biggest hit with the grandchildren and their parents probably thanks to mozart.
the children love it and it is so simple and unobtrusive.
the music is pleasant.
the on and off switch is easy.
it stack and stores!
i love this toy, and so does my 13 month old son.
lately, he has also started experimenting with the different instruments, both alone and together.
it's electronic, but much more pleasant than many of his other music toys.
i got this for my granddaughter's first birthday and we both love it!
we both keep pushing the instruments to hear more music.
i see why it is one of the most popular infant and toddler toys.
i don't know what the "old" magic cube is that some reviews have mentioned, and yes it's true that the instrument sounds are electronic-sounding reproductions not actual instrument sounds.
i love that you can hear each instrument's part separately and choose which instruments you would like to play together.
buttons are nice and soft enough that baby can activate them.
i bought this for my 3-year old daughter as one of her christmas present from santa claus, she is not that into it, i think this is best for kids age 6 months to 2 years.
the more she figures out how it works, the more the likes it.
hands-down one of the best purchases we made.
my son fell in love with this around age 6 months and still plays with it at 1 1/2.
the music is lovely and it teaches kids cause and effect, and then how to combine melodies.
a really fantastic gift.
my 9 month old son loves this toy!
i highly recommend it!
definitely a good toy.
the mozart magic cube is an awesome toy for my busy little 15 month old boy.
it's one of the very few toys he will stop and play with.
he has always loved music from a young age.
he like to hit the various buttons and it is small enough for him to carry around.
my 4 year old daughter will play with it as well.
it is very easy to press the buttons and activate the sounds, so even very young, uncoordinated babies can get this toy to make noise.
it is actually very difficult (and maybe impossible) to remove these pieces entirely from the toy, and that presents a danger of poked eyes and scratches.
the itself is well built and is exactly what you read about above.
munchkin mozart magic cube.nice music, interesting concept (one instrument per side).
good quality.
this is a great transitional toy.
the music is pleasant - my only complaint is that it only has one volume setting.one word of caution, if you have a climber - this toy makes a great stepping stool for toddlers who like to climb out of their cribs.
:)we love the music cube - highly recommend it!
it lasts for years, offering various entertainments to various ages of kids.
classical music is awesome for babies and little ones, so we love this.
the rubberized bumpers on the corners are fantastic for safety.
we're never giving away this adorable musical toy.
my husband, son and i all love this toy.
i love that he (1 year old) can be exposed to fun classical music with a toy that engages him.
he loves that it all lights up (when the buttons on any side are pressed) and he has fun pressing the buttons on the different sides and seeing and hearing the difference it makes (pressing one side engages or unengages the instrument during the song).
:)  so key, even for those of us who appreciate the value and fun of noisy kiddo toys... there is still a time/place for quiet.great, fun toy.
:)
the fabulous munhkin mozart magic cube was given to our friend's daughter when she was an infant.
we could see the pleasure on her face.
as time went on, she played with the toy herself and was constantly drawn to it.there was always a limited assortment of toys for her to explore on the living room floor.
she loved to play with some more than others.
however, she was always constantly drawn back to this -- the sounds of the music from different instruments was a great source of fascination.as she gets older, the way that she handles munchkin mozart magic cube becomes more selective and sophisticated.
this is one of the best toys we have ever seen to develop delight in music!she is beginning to talk now, and i feel certain that her first words will be, "get me a harpsichord now!!
"love it!
my one year old son has played with this toy since he was 6 months old and it still entertains him.
while the instruments do sound a bit synthetic, the toy still provides an introduction to different instruments and how multiple instruments can create a complex music piece.
i can hit one of the sides and instantly get flashing lights and music while i try to squeeze a sweater over my child's head.
my child loves it because it's easy for him to hit and acheive the same flashing lights and music.
the music is good and there are a lot of different choices.
my son loves to dance to music now.
he received this for his 1st birthday and it was an instant hit.
my boy totally enjoyed it for the first couple days and could sat and played for 20 to 30 min, it totally amazed me.
our 8 month old loves to &#34;bang&#34; things so this is perfect.
great buy!
love, love, love this cube.
great buy!!
at 3.5 she still loves it and she sits and plays with it along with her 9 month old brother now.
i must say i'm guilty of purchasing anything that has &#34;mozart&#34; in the name, since i love classical music and mozart is my favorite composer.
but this is the best toy ever.
best toy ever!
i bought it for my love, it's very nice as the description, my girl loves that a lot.
it's a good toy.
here are a few possibilities:1) you just want some kind of musical toy with which the child can interact to change the song that's playing.
if this is your thought, you will probably be happy with either version of this toy.
(then again, if that's all you want, you'd probably be just as happy with thebaby einstein take along tunestoy, which my son enjoys, and which is both cheaper and more portable.
)2) you want a musical toy that's a bit more interactive, where the child can change the sound of the song that's on.
in this case, you'd also probably be happy with either version of this toy.
my 19-month-old son loves to press the buttons to turn on and off different instruments, change the song playing, and just listen to the music and dance and clap to it.
he does seem to enjoy this more than the baby einstein player mentioned above, perhaps because he can change things up in a greater variety of ways.3) you hope that your child will start to recognize the sound of different instruments from this toy.
on the better, original embryonics version of this toy, the piano and harp sound reasonably true to their real sound and the flute is recognizable on the higher notes, at least.
the french horn, however, is barely recognizable as a brass instrument, and doesn't have any of the beauty and timbre of sound that a real french horn does.
on the newer munchkin version, only the piano sounds like the same family of instrument - kind of like a harpsichord, as one musically-trained reviewer has noted.
the rest of the instruments sound like synthesized crap.
and if your kid likes this toy as much as ours does, you will be listening to it a lot.
even if you aren't especially musically inclined.
this is a great musical toy.
the sound difference is amazing.
what a great musical toy!
i highly recommend it.
our kid loves it, plays with it all of the time.
my 13 month old son loves playing with this.
much better than most other musical toys.
this is a great toy.
i love this toy for babies.
they have so much fun rolling it and hitting the big buttons to make beautiful music.
i love the bouncy ball style corners to keep baby from injuring himself.
i love the classical music that does not sound like your typical synthetic baby music.
it just doesn't make for a very good combination.
it's easy to turn instruments on and off herself, and she loves hearing the different instruments (and combination of instruments) play the same tune.
i bought this for my 19 month old son based upon the reviews of others.
well, the reviews were right -- this is a great toy.
the music is great, the sound quality is surprisingly good, and the ability to add/remove instruments from each piece being played is very clever.
highly recommended.
the musical sounds don't sound like the real instruments, they just sound like a cheap toy.
all the grand kids loved it and do the parents.
it's a great gift for years.
durable and practice, a must.
i'm still giving it 5 stars because i think it will be a toy he'll enjoy more and more as he grows and becomes more able to interact with it on its own, but for a younger baby, you might want to look atbaby einstein baby neptune ocean orchestra musical toy, which has a similar conceit.
santa gave this to our 6 month son for christmas.
both he and my 2 year old love it.
it is wonderfully sturdy, and has many music functions.
my 2 yr old will announce each instrument as she adds them into the melody.
my husband is a music educator, and he gives this a big thumbs up!
my baby received this as a christmas gift, and she likes it quite a bit, hence the second star.
the musical arrangement was a nice choice, too.
!if you are looking for a great gift for a parent, seriously considerplayskool busy poppin' pals (colors may vary), it's lasted through 3 kids, six years, and still going strong.
it's nice and quiet, too.
the music is clear.
and, in my opinion, it's an exceptional toy that will keep most children entertained which, in and of itself, is a blessing.
definitely not for under 1 year olds.
battery replacement requires screwdriver.munchkin mozart magic cube
sound is good, the way the music evolves with diff instruments if you push them is nice, but is waaayy toooo heavy for baby to carry and to push!!
this is the best purchase i have made thus far for my new grandchild.
she has loved it from the very beginning and her interaction with it as she grows is ever changing and stimulating.
it is an incredibly well designed item and very sturdy as well.this is an excellent choice for a baby gift.
sturdy toy, fun to push all the buttons.
no assembly required just open the box and turn it on.
the violin doesn't sound at all like a violin.
but this cube is a lot of fun!
bought it based upon favorable reviews.
my daughter loves this toy.
she'll sit with her books and press the on the box for the pleasant tunes.
my husband and i really enjoy the music.
my son has special needs.
you can still tell the instruments apart.
it's safe.
i know that there are no sharp edges and my baby won't hurt herself.i'm not sure this toy carries a lot of educational / developmental value but it's nice.
this toy definitely keeps my 7 month old entertained.
the flashing lights are very attractive.
this is such a great toy.
my 4 year old son spotted this toy while we were out shopping for my 4 month old daughter.
my daughter was totally fascinated by the flashing lights and music and i even found myself and my son playing with it together!
such a cool toy.
and the best part?
the instruments sound so realistic that it's enjoyable to listen to.
as you can see in the pictures, the munchkin version is all different colors and visually appealing.the sound quality is just as good, and the batteries get used up a little more slowly in the munchkin version.
it introduces them to some new music plus some musical instruments they might not encounter otherwise.
kind of.
that would probably help retain some battery life, too.overall, my baby loves this toy, and my 3-year-old, who loved it as a baby, still loves it.
they actually play with it together, which is rare.
you'll be glad you did, and if you disagree, pack it back up and return it.
seems simple, but both my 6 month old and 3 year old enjoy playing with this toy.
the sounds are also pleasant and not as annoying as most musical kids toys.
she is just learning to turn it over and press the different buttons to get the different sounds.
overall a great purchase.
my daughter loves it and i love it too.its a fun fun fun musical toy!!
!well built toy!!!
the edges are carefully covered with smooth soft plastic.
awesome buy!
my son seems to love looking at it and pushing the buttons, i think once he is a bit older he might appreciate it more.
it looks fantastic!
i got it for my 1 year old son.
he likes to push the buttons and listen to the music.
it's sturdy.
some of the music just isn't the greatest sounding.
this is one of my son's favorite toys.
now that he's 5 months old, he's still very interested in it.
this is a toy that will provide entertainment for months to come!
music is more pleasant to adult ears than most other musical toys.
i purchased this toy for christmas for my daughter who was 10 months old at the time and she loved it right away.
now at almost 16 months old, she has figured out how to play with it more, understanding that she can change the melody to each song and is just starting to realize with true understanding that she can add/remove an instrument to change the song to her liking.
some of her older cousins, who are 7-9yrs old also find enjoyment playing with this toy as well and this just proves the endless possibilities this toy provides as well as many years of extended play.
the munchkin mozart magic cube is very engaging and while others have said the music sounds &#34;tinny&#34;, i didn't find that to be the case at all.
i'm no music expert, but to my ears, each of the instrumental sounds is clear and pretty to me!
i suspect that maybe i received a newer model and the quality has been improved and if that's the case, i highly recommend the purchase of this toy.
the instruments sound lovely, the songs are pleasant and will not annoy you as other toys do, and most of all, this toy is educational because it engages children to think and can be enjoyed for many, many years to come!
my 9 month old has loved this toy for several months.
he always grabs it first in a pile of toys and loves the music.
this is in the top 3 toys of all time in our house and that's saying something.
my son has this cube; i bought this as a gift for my sister's son...it is great.
he liked mouthing the somewhat soft corners and i played it for him.
the quality of music is very good, not mechanically computerized like some toys.
that is pretty neat.
old daughter for christmas.i love this toy.
each song is a classical music track.
i think this is a fantastic toy that will get toddlers thinking about music.the best part of this toy is quality of the toy.
the instruments definitely sound true to what they should be.
you can very clearly tell the difference between the sound of the french horn, flute, piano, harp, and violin.
each of the instruments plays a different part of a song and each instrument is playing a part "true" to what the instrument does in a real orchestra.
what i mean by this is that in an orchestra, a tuba doesn't just sound different than a flute, they perform different musical functions.
the result is that the music is worth listening to and i am always happy when my daughter plays with this toy over other toys with less-pleasing music.i highly recommend this toy.
he loved it.
it is easy for their uncoordinated hands to use and interesting enough that they continue to explore it.
it has bright lights and different musical instruments to select from or to blend together.
the coolest thing about this cube is that you can push the different sides to have that specific instrument play in the song.
it's great for your kids learning to hear different songs.
baby got this at 3 monhs and still loves it after a year, so many ways to play with it and the sound is really fine!
great buy, andone which travels with baby easily
my six month old grandchild loves this even though she is still somewhat young to fully appreciate it.
this is a great toy for infants and toddlers.
this cube stimulates touch, sight, and sound in a creative way.
each side of the cube has a different instrument and a different color: violin--yellow; harp--pink; french horn--orange; flute--purple; piano--green; orchestra--blue.2.
touch a second side, and the second instrument plays in sync with the first one (which is still playing), etc.
if you want to hear everything at once, just hit the orchestra button.3.
there is an easy on/off switch to conserve battery power when the cube is not in use.5.
i have read the most negative review complaining about the sound and that this cube is not as good as the original embryonics cube.
while i have not heard that cube, i have played mozart pieces on the piano and also have cds of various of his works, so i am familiar with his music.
our toddler plays and dances to it a lot.
the sounds it produces are really sharp and the music is great.
we enjoy it.
this is one of my baby's favorite toys now!
with a music background, i really want to expose my son to beautiful, classical music.
i will keep looking for other musical toys with more variety and sophistication.update:  this is still my least favorite toy, mainly due to the volume.
i sill stick with my original rating, though.
this is a good buy.
recommended.
the music and flashing lights immediately captured his attention and, as he grew, he played with it more and more.
i keep it in his playpen and it's easily his favorite toy (besides his exersaucer and jumperoo).
and, with the click of the "orchestra" side, the song changes.so glad i bought this!update 6/10: my son will be 12 months old this weekend and he still loves his mozart cube!
all of a sudden, they took great interest in it.
i bought this for our grandson for his 1st  birthday.
he loves music and he loves his magic cube.
it is easy for him to push and he figured out that each side makes a different sound really quick.
it is very sturdy and the music quality is good for a toy.
it is nice and well made but just not for my kiddo.personally i like the different instruments that play the songs.
hopefully when he gets older he will appreciate it more.
i do enjoy that the music is mozart.
the plastic frame that the cushion sits on has a rim around the inside.
depending on what kind of toilet seat you have, it also has a tendency to slip around.
bought this as a replacement for my son's first potty seat, this one is much better.
not as padded, which means it won't rip open and harbor a bunch of bacteria.
my son's old one used to collect urine underneat of it in the plastic part, this one doesn't at all, it's perfect
i really like this potty seat, but it doesn't quite fit well on our elongated toilet.
colors are nice and seat is soft and easy to clean.
it is light and my 18-month-old can lift and place it (albeit not always with the right fit) on the toilet seat.
), the rigid plastic base still cuts a ridge into his legs (the seat squishes all the way down).
the urine guard at the front is also a separate piece just tucked in between the seat and the base, so when my son climbs on, he sometimes knocks it out of place (doesn't guard well then).
my dad had to fashion a filler block out of styrofoam attached with packing tape to the back of the seat because our toilet is oval so this potty seat slides back when my son sits down.
the description said it works with round and oval seats.
with the seat braced to the front it's fine.
great, colorful graphics!
we bought this potty seat to leave at her grandma's house,  and she loves it.
it fits the toilet seat very well.
easy to use,it's light.
this does fit on an elongated toilet seat, but it slides around.
my daughter loves the spongebob theme.
my son loved the seat... until i put him on it.
nonetheless, i ended up buying a fisher price potty seat that goes on the floor as well.
great seat!
we have 3 of these (1st was a gift; subsequent others purchased from amazon after successful use).
the handles are great for keeping my daughter's hands busy instead of touching other things.
the package blatantly lies in saying that it fits elongated seats - it will fit, but it'll also slide around and leave large gaps.
my home has a mix of elongated/round seats, and i found that the baby bjorn rung is the best for the larger bowls.
we use that for our elongated seats, and this ring for the tiny toilet that's in the hallway.
the toilet set is nice.
it is a nice design and my son love that thomas, percy, & james are all on his potty seat.
check when you buy one of these.
and once on, her feet don't touch her fairly tall step stool.
from what i've seen pee guards are needed by some kids, not by others - regardless of sex.
i've added two simple drawer pull knobs to our primo ducka potty seat.
she's pleased.
my son is almost 2.5 years old, and has been potty training for about a month.
this one is decent--we have no problems with it fitting on our elongated toilet.however, be prepared to clean up pee if you use this with a boy!
she absolutely loves this potty seat!
the fact that is dora is a huge bonus for her.
the pee guard on the froggy potty is great.
i love this low-tech seat as it's easy to clean and hands down my twin daughters' favorite.
highly recommend the froggy potty if you are in the market.
not good quality and didn't fit my toilet.
it holds up well and she seems to enjoy seeing dora.
other than that it's fantastic, soft, stable, easy to sit on and clean.
i just started potty training my two year old son and i found the thomas potty seat to be a great incentive.
the seat is cushioned so it's nice and comfortable and it fits nicely on most seats.
the padded part of the seat lifts up and it gets inserted between the plastic and padding.
it stays in place most of the time, but it is easy to misplace.
were it not for this problem, this is a terrific seat and my kids both loved them.
works very well and he really liked the spiderman all over the potty.
he used it and all is working well - i also bought the step stool (thomas the train logo on step stool).
it fits, his butt fits it, he likes the characters on it, it's easy to clean.
she loves her dora, super pink, flowery potty, so sitting on it is a delight.
and it is very difficult without a toilet seat, because she is not stable.the handles are great, toddlers use them all the time.
and the size is just right.
very sturdy and easy to clean (you can separate the cushion from the plastic, to clean separately).
my toilet is not exactly the same shape (the potty seat is somewhat rounder), but it is sturdy enough so it is not a problem.we love it and i highly recommend it.
there are other designs for boys as well, but the pink dora one is great for girls this age.
in concept, it's great.
we have one at our house and it fits all of the toilets (we have 2 toto toilets, one kohler and one other brand (not sure which) and it fits fine).
my in laws have one at their house that we leave there and their toilets are round seats (kohler and american standard).
pee trickles between the plastic and the cushion and pools there.
we also bought the primo ducka.
this might be a good choice for parents of girls.
it just rests in the hole of the toilet seat and slides around a bit.
it says it has one and the picture shows it.
amazon once again has proved itself excellent in customer satisfaction and really checked the reviews to see if they could make the situation better.
i really appreciate that and love amazon all the more for it.
thank you, amazon.
this is colorful, soft, and makes lots of fun sounds babies love.
no magic, just what you see people.
you want more, prepare to crawl and bark.
the squeakers are two different pitches which is also fun.
still works great.
we are very happy with our purchase
my child loves this toy so if it is good for them it is definitely worth 5 stars.
on amazon the price is right as well.
i like this gate because it has two point of contact in the locked and closed position.
both rails the upper and lower fit about 1 1/2 inch into a metal seat.
you have to slide the rail in a bit to swing it and there's a metal piece on the top rail that supports the two gates, ouch.
i've been meaning to write a review on this gate since it is one of the best gates for the stairs.
we have mounted it at the top of the stair.
my husband used small pieces of 2x4's for extra security to mount it on the side of the stairs that has plaster (as opposed to a wooden post).
this gate is very strong and is holding up very well (minus the fingerprints :).
this gate doesn't have that "platform" and it is still very sturdy.
really nice feature for us when we were moving our daughter's furniture from one room to the other and downstairs, we didn't have the gate in our way since we removed the swing arm.
if 'evenflo' addresses these, this gate will easily merit a top score.
the gate itself is made of sturdy and aesthetically appealing wood.
it works well and looks great, if the install goes well, and as exactly specified (included paper template is great).
the mechanical 'lock latch' inspires confidence in that you can actually feel and hear it 'click into place', which gives one peace of mind.
i also like the fact that the bottom latch receptacle allows for the gate to slide into, thus adding reinforcement to both the top and bottom portions of this gate.
in many typical installations, there will be baseboard molding/trim that may get in the way of installing the bottom-most latch receptacle.
in summation, this gate is sturdy and excellent, and a good value.
please, just make sure you do install it correctly (as per the instructions), and never leave your baby alone unsupervised.
peace of mind without breaking the bank is what this provides you.
it was easy to install, and it serves it's purpose perfectly!
we have two of these gates and we couldn't be more pleased with them.
we don't feel the slightest twinge of concern when our 1 year old leans against this gate at the top of the steps.
the gate is so simple to open and close.
we've tried lots of gates and this one is our favorite.
i have four different gates in my house, and this, by far, is the most secure and stable.
therefore, it's at the top of my stairs... the most important place.
also, the gate now leans.
not sure how that came about.
my son has been able to push it out since he started crawling.
not a good gate at all.
if they can't make a good simple baby gate, i wouldn't trust my child's life to their carseats.
i actually love having this gate at the bottom of our stairs!
not practical...what i love about this gate is that it slides right off of the hinges and stores away in the closet when not in use!
i highly recommend this gate.
we recently moved into a new house and bought and installed 3 of these gates.
within one week, our 13 month old broke two of the gates.
i have been satisfied with the results, but it isn't the greatest quality.
installation was quite simple, and once the gate locks in it is quite secure.
sometimes when it unlatches, it can pinch your fingers, and you have to get both the top and bottom of the gate in the correct angle, or else it won't open.
i find myself double checking constantly to make sure the top and bottom have both "clicked" into their respective spot because it doesn't always on first try.
we purchased the first years hands free gate for a different room (not a stairway) and it works great.
so simple, easy to install, and very secure.
it is worth the money to invest in a better quality gate if you can afford it.
we love this gate!
we purchased two, one for the top of the stairs and one for downstairs.
you can take the gate part off when not needed, yet it is safe enough for the top of the stairs.2.
even 5 year olds still cannot open it.
we currently live in housing on base in germany and the stairs are very wide and unusual.
i got this gate since it is made for the top of the stairs and was wide enough for our staircase.
it works great!
i love that it slides to the side as well as opens.
no complaints here my son is 10 months and pulls up on everything so it is nice to know he is safe!
the one hand open is really simple and i like it more than any gate i have seen at friends houses.
it now slides smoothly without pinching our hands.
that will happen with any slotted, sliding gate.
i'm sure with use it will loosen, or perhaps i can put some wax on there.
our house is a front to back split.
these gates have been great for my sanity.
i highly recommend this gate.
the dinosaurs are colorful and there are a lot of them to arrange on the little background.
i am happy with the number and look of the dionos, trees and volcanoes.
we play with them outside and they work fine for that.
the mat is pretty small, but cute (it's just a plastic sheet), and the assortment of dinosaurs is adequate.
it's a great deal and comes with a ton of dinosaurs (and love that the name of the dinosaur is printed on the belly!).
the &#34;mat&#34; that it comes with is a cheesy piece of plastic and not to scale, and we rarely use it, but a great value just for all the dinos and the storage bin.
my daughter loved it!
for weeks she would get it out on a daily basis to arrange the dinosaurs on their &#34;terrain.&#34;  from a girl's perspective, it's really cute in that there are small versions of the big dinosaurs included, so kids can group &#34;mommy&#34; dinosaurs with &#34;baby&#34; dinosaurs.
and the dinosaurs are such high quality, i know my ten month old son will be enjoying it in no time.
i use a set of flash cards with information about the dinosaurs in combination with these dinosaurs to teach my son while we play.
overall, i would recommend these my son finds them fun to play with and they stimulate his imagination.
purchased for our 2 year old grandson and he loves the dinosaurs.
my son loves to play "dino world" just about every day!!
we keep a bunch of blocks and small cars in there to add tothe scene and creative play.
over-priced small dinosaurs, 6 trees, and a small plastic bin.
comes with 20 dinosaurs, 12 small rocks, a large volcano, a medium sized volcano, 6 trees, and a play mat.
this set is great.
it is still great.
all the rest of the stuff is high quality and the tub is great for keeping everything together.
i'm really happy with the size of all the dinosaurs.
the tub of dinosaurs and trees are pretty cool and abundant.
as i am wtitng this review my 5 year old son just re-discovered this set, since i had it at the top of the closet.
he can play hours with this great quality dinosaurs he got for his b-day.
my daughter is now 7 months old and loves this.
i love this walker!!!!
we love it!
my son has used this walker sense he was 4 months old.
we love it.
this was great for when he was outside with it.
my son learned to walk @ 1 so this did not delay him developely.
he still found it fun at such an older age because he would get a running start in it, then lift his legs for fast back and fourth travel around the house.
great great buy!
this walker is great for tall babies like my son and the toys are enough to keep him busy.
my daughter is 12 months today.
she still loves it.
she is pretty active - not walking yet - but she loves to climb.
this one is very easy to turn.
my girl spins in circles, even on the carpet and on our wood deck!yes, it is bulky, but have you seen a walker that's not?
the wheels move great.
it rolls well on carpet tile and pavement.i love the fact that it has the removeable noise making device with an on/off switch.
old son loves it.
i love it.
then just take it out of the truck, put the boy in, and roll him right into the gym.
very handy.
i ordered this to use at my own home, and have had such a good experience with it that i ordered a second one for her to use at her house.
the color is vibrant for lots of visual stimulation.
the playpen is also a good size.
take it from this grandmother that this is definitely the best.
5 stars*****
completely amazing play pen.
eazy to pack up and great for playing!
we love the toys on the sides and the cool colors.
good size (36 x 36), durable, sturdy.
how fun and awesome!!!
got this for my grandson and still can't get over how bright and playful this is.
the built in activities on the side are the best.
i am so happy with this play yard.
however when the box arrived it indicated that it is only 36x36, still plenty of space though.
thank you amazon and graco!
i bought it for my 4 month old son and he loves it.
colors and decoration are fun and keeps my baby busy and happy.
it's really colorful and large and i like the toys on the netting.
just a great playpen.
can't beat that.i hightly recommend it.
i did some research before buying this playard and i am very happy i did.
it is the most colorful out there, easy to assemble and travel with.
for instance, the butterfly has wings that have foil inside to make squishing sound when you touch the,m.
the other bug, when squeezed, makes a sound, the third one, has rattles in its wings, and finally, the sun is a mirror (not a great one though).
it arrived today and my daughter loves the bugs and the soft playmat.
i'm happy that it folds up for travel and storage.
amazon had the best price as well.
the graphics and sides toys kept him more focused on fun & he was able to get some temporary relief.
i know as he feels better he is going to enjoy his new & safe play space even more.thank you amazon for this colorful playpen choice at the lowest price and your excellent service.
i bought this one and i am very happy.
baby is safe, has a lot of room to rollover and she loves to look at th bugs.
she loves to play with the butterfly wings and hit the squeaky toy.
i like that there is more space for kids and their toys.
she has fallen asleep in it many times.not recommended but i have sat in it with her and it is very sturdy, it is very level.
i think for the size it is highly recommended.
i like it because it is huge and cute.
i love this nice, big playpen.
it's very sturdy and easy to put together and the latches latch very easily.
)-it's surprising how much it stands out in a regular room--so big and so brightly colorful, it is not going to blend in to most adult decor at all.
i'm still very happy--it's easy to assemble and is one of the bigger portable playpens available.
as a bonus it comes in a large box aka "toy" for other youngsters.
;-)update:  we've been using it for 6 months now and love it!
we have an always moving one year old baby.
the built in toys on the walls are still in great shape (i'm still the only one who can make the ladybug squeak).
i love this pack n' play.
i bought my son the pack n' play in rise n' shine with a bassinet.
this is the best pack n' play.
he loves the stuff on the sides and stares at the bright colors.
i definitely recommend this.
it is not only a perfectly safe and controlled area in which babies can learn to play and quietly make sense of their world, but it provides great peace of mind for parents and grandparents to be able to put the baby down in a safe place while talking on the phone or doing something that does not allow for hands-on and undivided supervision.
this unit is well built, stable, portable, and easy to fold (once you get the hang of it, it's not exactly intuitive).how could it be better?
our son is past the stage where he will stay put in a floor bouncy chair so he loves the freedom of lying in this stretching out,and kicking.
he also takes naps in it, we are hoping to travel with a smaller version of this pack and play soon...will let you know how that works out.
this exceeded my expectations for a travel crib.this is the perfect balance between being spacious enough for an active tot without taking up your entire living room.
has a base that sits above the floor) and that it has some built-in toys.
it also is very easy to fold and unfold.
i researched what i wanted in the way of a fun playpen for when my grandchildren visit.
thanks!
it is awesome!
it's a very nice size and fits a good deal of toys, though if the room is small it does take up a lot of space.
baby loves the bug toys on the sides.
it's very colorful and she really seems to enjoy her time in it.
great purchase!
i had a pack n play from graco with the changing table attached.
the bright colors are great.
love it!
awesome toys!!!
the toys on the sides are a lot of fun for baby.
the colors are bright and cheerful.
works well, just walk away and he calms down without an audience.
this blanket is wonderful.
i got it for my husband who is a penn state grad and there is more than an attachment to his alma mater with this one.
the blanket is one of the thickest ones you can get, very durable, super soft, and extraordinarily warm.
i highly recommend it over the other penn state blankets.
fits well in any suv trunk leaving plenty of space for luggage.
we love this playpen.
the colors are great and the attached toys are engaging.
it folds up and unfolds easily and the case that comes with it is really going to come in handy when we go on vacation.
i took clorox spray anywhere and cleaned the mat, the bugs & the top rails.
i also always put extra toys in there for them which they love.
both my girls are 11 months old right now and can pull themselves up just enough to chew on the top rails.so if you're looking for something to use with twins, definately buy this.
it is perfectly safe to use.
it has the double on top but your babies will outgrow it pretty fast and then you're stuck with a pretty small playard for twins.
i think this playpen is great; it's spacious, sturdy, and colorful.
this is a great for play.
i really like the built-in toys and bright colors.however, i bought it for our vacation as a place to play and sleep.
i am happy with it.
there simply isn't enough space in an nyc apartment to fit such a large pack and play.otherwise, it is a nice play yard with appealing colors that our daughter seemed to like.
our child loves playing in this pack 'n play.
even if we don't put toys inside the walls are moderately entertaining for our child.
the sides are collapsible with the push of a button on each side.
it's nice that it has a carrying case with strap.
we also use it as a pack n' play when traveling for them to sleep in.
wonderful colors, great toys ...love it till every little bit of it.
how, wonderful.
he is only 6 months old and loved it.
just totally love it.
it is very colorful and the toys are very cute.
but the colors are pleasing and i didn't know this but the animals/sun embroidered on all 4 sides have little attachements that the baby can play with when their in the pack n play.
my grandson thoroughly enjoys it, even though he is still very young.
my son and daughter-in-law are very pleased with its functionality and ease of set up.
recommend.
it makes noises as well.
so babies love colorful things, no big surprise that she will love this play yard.
but i've noticed that she does get a bit overstimulated with all the pictures on the bottom and her toys actually get lost on the mat because they blend in with it.pros: it's easy to put together and take apart, it's relatively light, it's colorful, has built in toys, and is stable.cons: the base of the play yard slopes inward, makes it hard for my baby to crawl and flip over and all her toys roll right into the center.
since the cover of it is porous and is not waterproof, i feel like the chemical can easily get in my daughter's lungs, especially since she loves to suck on fabric.
i like the netting one the sides and the padding on the floor and rail.
great quality material; sturdy and safe2.
large with lots of space (my grandson crawls around).
can fit two kids!3.
very easy to assemble!3.
very colorful!
bright beautiful colors.
my grandson looks at it and want to jump from my arms inside of the pan.4.
the colorful patches around it are toys!the toys are:a) a beautiful butterfly with wings that when squeezed it make a dried plastic sound (he loves it)b) a lady bug that makes sounds alsoc) a sun with a mirror (safe for babies)d) a bee with playful wings, which also makes soundsi strongly recommend this play pan!
it is nice but not eye catching like this one.it is worth every single penny!
in addition, some of the characters on the side panels contain vinyl...like the entire face of the sun is pvc.
definitely worth it to pay the extra $, knowing my children won't be exposed to harmful chemicals.
i bought this last summer for my two year old when traveling.
i love this bed.
graco tot block with bugs is a pack and play that features figures of bugs on each of the sides for added fun.
kids enjoy playing with the bugs and each offers something slightly different.
the bee has its two wings extended inside of the playpen and the wings make a rattling noise when moved.
the butterfly's wings are also extended inside the playpen and they offer the sound of paper being crinkled.
the ladybug has a squeak toy inside its body to create its own unique sound and the sun has a mirror for a child's enjoyment.
each offers its own type of stimulation and since they are built in, they are always there.
this pack and play, however, offers combinations of bright yellow, green, red, and blue.
they like looking at the bright colors and playing with the interactive, built- in toys on the sides of the playpen.like other pack and plays, graco tot block folds up for easy storage.
once you have the playpen folded, it slips inside of the pad using velcro straps to secure it in place.
it helps to have a second person to open it up and prepare it for use.
most kids age two or under, however, will be small enough to use this playpen.
any more than two and the kids will begin to get frustrated with the constant bumping into each other.overall, this is a very good pack and play from graco and it ranks among my child's favorite playpens.
the colors and interactive, built in toys make it a favorite among all kids and while it does weigh a little more than other pack and plays and does require more effort to unpack and set up, it still makes a good choice for parents of small children.
the interactive toys can't get lost and the unit's bright colors make it appealing to children and adults alike.
the first two didn't need a playpen, but my 8 month old baby is the most adventurous yet.
of course we will still give him supervised time to roam, but we needed him to have a safe place to go other than his excersaucer.
he is able to cruise in the playpen and gum the top rail.
i've checked out two of the sides.
it is a square as wide as the longest side of the pack and play.
it is roomy, has plenty of padding, and has 9 legs for a strong and even base.
it is great for sleeping away from home, and great for playtime, because there is enough room for baby to crawl around and sptill have plenty of room for toys in with him.
in my opinion, this is the best on the market.
the playpen is large and spacious,perfect for babies to roll around and play in.
but on a positive note the playpen is sturdy and easy to assemble.
we used it from infancy to over age one year.
it has very easy to clean fabric.
baby loved the toys on each side of the play pen and also the colorful block pattern on the mat.
large play area inside.
i highly recommend it.
we are still using this playpen and it has held up well.
our daughter who is 16 months now still loves this and it has no damage after a full year of daily use.
it is a wonderful play pen.
bright, safe, sturdy and soft at the same time.
my son loves touching/looking at the pictures and shapes of the sun with mirror, butterfly with wings that make sounds when you touch them, the ladybug with rattle wings and a squicky ladybug.
my son loves playing there and enjoys looking at the images even if he is out of the play pen.
thank you, it is a great item!
love this pack n play!!
it is very large compared to standard pack n plays and the bright colors are refreshing rather than the normal drab colors.
there are toys built into the mesh walls which provide easy entertainment.
i fancy myself a &#34;stylish&#34; mom; expensive nursery set, shopping at restoration hardware and pottery barn baby.
we got the black and grey pack 'n' play that goes well with our home decor, then my parents picked up this pack 'n' play for their home.
she loves the colors, and playing with the items on the sides.
we highly recommend.
we love it.
the bright colors, designs, and toys caught his attention right away.
there is a lot of space for him to move around and it is very sturdy.
for play time, it's great.
and, it is super important that you follow thedirections for putting this up, and be sure to use the velcro straps to securethe flooring pad in place.
otherwise, i do like the sturdiness of theside rails, and the bright primary colors.
not the best for napping, as thebaby will continuously play with the built in side toys.
some of the toysrattle and crinkle, and once baby finds the party, they will not want to laydown to nap.
but i still love this playyard so much, i bought two of them!
i've seen the ones my friends have for their babies and i definitely got the best one!!!
it also folds up easily and stores nicely.
it is sturdy and i think it will last.
other than that, it is perfect!
i read all the reviews on the pack and plays and found that the reviews on this one were all great.
with its bright colors and toys built in my nephews face turned to smiles.
what a pain to put together and take apart.
sometimes all the sides did not lock and you had to start all over.
with this pack n play it takes a minute, parts snap and unsnap quickly it is the true pack n play.
i bought it as a second bed for when she's at her grandma's knowing that she'll be able to fit in it for a while.
i love this one..... it's bright ,comfortable, adorable ,easy to use.
love the size and i use it all the time...my baby boy loves it too.anyway i'm going to purchase it again for my newborn niece
this play pen is great in that it is so much more roomy then my childs standard size one.
it has the great colors and added toys on it to keep him happy and busy.
this feels like its saving some space even though the dimensions are the same.mattress--the graco has a very bright, colorful mattress pad with squares and bugs on it.
it has a decent thickness in terms of padding for the baby to be comfortable.
the delta has a colorful mattress pad but with 'gentler' tones of color featuring the animals on the mesh sides.
the graco has built in toys on each side of the mesh; whereas the delta has the animals printed on the mesh.price--the graco is more expensive than the delta.all in all they are both nice.
i think the delta is built sturdier and will be more durable with continued daily use.
if you are using it to bring around with you places (hotel, camping, on the back deck, grandma's, etc).
the graco also seems sturdy and durable; the delta just seems a bit better in those departments; that's all.the 3ft by 3ft size is amazing!!
we have twins and they both can play in one together without them feeling like they are on top of each other.
this play yard is brightly colored which my son loves, it takes a bit of getting use to for breaking it down and putting it up.
and i love how the mat in it is easy to clean.
when my son spits up its very easy to wipe up off the mat it doesn't soak in.
and we love how it has more room than most that are from the stores where we live.
my son comes to work with me and i keep him in here when he's active - sleepy.
what a great buy.
this square playpen is ideal!!!
perfect for when you need to get something done.
it keeps those walking and crawling confined, but still gives plenty of space for them and a few of their toys.
in my honest opinion, the square playpen is much better for him and safer than the portable crib, but foster services states you have to have a crib, not playard for sleeping.
in my opinion, works better than using those portable plastic pens.
it is very substantial and seems to work fine.
highly recommend this to all parents with infant and toddlers.
this is such a great playpen to have in your home as an alternative to the crib.
my son loves to play in it and also sleep in his playpen which we put in the living room.
we also made an extra padding cushion so it would be comfortable for our son to sleep in.
you can also fold this up nicely and make it compacted for traveling if need to.
this is a great purchase!
:) you will not dissapoint.
i saw this playpen and thought it was adorable, bright colored, and fun.
well, to my lovely surprise, my mother had also independently seen this playpen on amazon and bought it for my little baby boy.
it is truly awesome and my son loves it!
what i love about it?
well.......it's so nicely colored, screams cuteness all over, and it's very easy to set up and take down.
they say mothers know best..... and in my case.... that was true!
baby likes the colors and all the noises, he has plenty of room to move around and he is safe in it.
i love that it's made well and expect to use it for a while.
its colorful there lots of stuff to look at and touch, it has a mirror, crinkly, squeaker and a rattle on the inside my daughter loves this great buy!
i love the size and sturdiness of it!
it also holds up well to our large baby playing wildly in it.
she loves the various objects on the sides and the different noises and such they have to offer.
overall a great buy!
i love these because they are really convenient and easy to use.
it is very convenient.
i bought this for my granddaughter and another one for second child  well made hours of fun easy to use and love primary colors and designs on it  entertaining
i registered for this pack n play solely on the wonderful amazon reviews that i read.
i wanted something larger for my baby to play in, and the graco totbloc definitely delivers.
this spacious pack and play is wonderful!
when she was younger, she loved playing with the attached toys (especially the butterfly with the crinkly wings).it's sturdy, easy to set up and take down, and packs away neatly into its carrying case.
this playyard is amazing!
this playyard is really bright and gorgeous, and the mesh is clear so baby can see out.
it looks inviting and fun to be in there!
also, other playyards are uncomfortable- no wonder your baby screams to get out- the floors aren't thick enough and the support bars can be felt through the floor.
amazing, adorable, colorful, safe, and giant!
the ideal playpen.
love this pack n play.
nice bright colors, great roomy size for bubs and an absolute breeze to set up and take down.
love this playpen.
we put toys in there and our son love being in there.
the toys that are attached to the playpen are great and our babie always tries to touch them.
it is the standard length of a traditional playpen, but the width is the same as well which gives babies much more space to crawl around in and play than the typical playard.
it is very sturdy and the bottom mat has tabs that snap into the base of the frame for extra stability.
the sides each have a toy- a mirror, two rattle butterflies and one squeek lady bug.
this is the most affordable by far of the larger size playpens and i'm very happy with my choice.
i bought this play yard to put my 8 month old in when i need to keep her contained and safe while i am cooking.
it is perfect.
the size is ideal as she is able to roll and move around it and play with her toys but does not take up all of the room in our small living area.
the pad seems comfy and she will be able to nap in it.
the toys on the sides are great, she loves to play with the butterfly.
hard to find a pack & play this large anymore and with the twins coming it will be great to have.
omg....this play pen is a life saver.
when i'm in the kitchen cleaning up or fixing dinner i can't always be watching him so this is perfect.
i shoved it in the bottom of our uppababy vista stroller.
#nycmom**key note*** the middle part has to be up for the sides to bend down.
superb!
folds and sets up with ease.
you can "spot clean" with a warm rag, but lets face it.
poop and puke requires the washer.
and you're not able to do that with this pad.
needed a safe fun place near my home office and this was perfect.
also plan to take it when we travel.some features our 8 month old granddaughter find entertaining.
easy set up and seems sturdy, well constructed.love graco.
he instantly loved it - he can see everyone through the mesh, he loves playing with wings of two butterflies (rattle and crinkle) and  tries to pick the smiley faces from the mat or kiss them.
bugs on the sides are somewhat entertaining with rattles and squeaks.
the colors are bright and cheerful and the attached &#34;toys&#34; are so cute&#34;.
this is a great play space for our son!
but once our son started crawling, we needed a safe place to put him while working in the kitchen.
this is perfect!
everyone's happy!
i totally recommend this especially for big babies as well.
we took this  whenever we go on a trip and my son just loved staying here.
fantastic piece of baby gear!
our 7-month-old loves the toys on the mesh walls, and he has plenty of space to scoot around.
we've found that the carters jersey knit crib sheets can stretch to fit over the floor in this pack 'n play, which gives us the option of having a washable surface.
the bright colors don't exactly blend with our household decor, but we'll live.
so happy we made this purchase, and what a great price from amazon!
very cute and bright gender neutral play yard.
nice and roomy, she doesn't mind going in to play.
very sturdy.
it is very durable and well made to last.
which is nice when something lasts and you can use for more then one baby.
it the perfect thing to keep her amused for anywhere from 20minutes to an hour!
the pictures on the side are of good quality and my daughter likes to pull and play with them.we also have a weekend home - so bought two of these.
you can store baby's toys in there and still they space to play.it has mesh sides for airflow and so that parents can see in and babies can see out.
however, that's where the good stuff ends because there are two major flaws with this product.why do manufactuers insist on producing fabric based items for a baby that cannot be washed ???
extra space, entertaining and fun!
it's easy to set up and works well.
i love this pack n play!
it was the one with a changing table and bassinet.
my son hates restraints and being boxed in, but he is much more okay with this larger pack n play, and is willing to stay in it for 20-30 minutes at a time (a record!).
and he is 2.5 now, so it will definitely last longer than the rectangular ones you see everywhere....
this was perfect for traveling when my child was under 2.
she loved the decorations on it and she was able to play with them.
this is a nice, large playpen with bright colors and activity items on the sides to entertain baby.
the corners are perfect for a baby to learn to pull up to stand, and the sides are tall enough to keep the child safe inside.
(apparently, the sides are also fun for teething babies to chew on, but what isn't?)
i have no tested the portability of the playpen since we use it daily in our living room when baby has quiet playtime before bed.
its made well, easy enough to open and close, and definitely worked out well for me.
best of all, and unlike most play yards, it's fun; my girl could spend an hour just batting at the colorful bugs on the walls (all make sounds) and floor or giggling at herself in the built-in mirror.
and as a play space, it's a happy medium between a tiny play yard and a huge superyard.
the pad it comes with is good and the colors and extra toys on the side are fun for her.
we have this one and love it.
but, it is great for those days when they are small and you want to be outside at an outing and don't want to have to sit and hold your child all day.
my son is now 14 months old and we recently took a 3 day vacation and took it along.
he likes all the animals on the sides.
not to mention, what a dream to put up and take down.
highly recommend.
it's small and cozy and our son likes it fine.
the colors are so vibrant--reds, blue, green, yellow--as opposed to the muted colors you often see on a pack n' play.2.
each wall of the pack n' play has a different feature: for instance, one wall has a ladybug that squeaks; another has a butterfly that moves and rustles; another has a bee that also moves and rustles; and another has a sun with a mirror on it.
i've seen my son fall plenty of times inside of it, and he hasn't seemed bothered.
our son actually likes going in there, unlike his other pack n' play (or--god forbid--his north states superyard play yard--you'd think we'd sent him to guantanamo bay).overall, it really just looks like a fun, happy, and bright place to be in, and it's well made and looks like it will last for a while, and perhaps most importantly, our son doesn't fuss when we put him in there, and, to state the obvious, putting him in there keeps him away from the unmentionable hazards on the floors of our home.
this unique system works best for eliminating excessive air from the bottle therefore preventing excessive gas!
without a doubt my favorite bottle for our son and we will be sure to use it with our next child!
they work great for me and my baby.
most other bottles only offer one nipple and if your baby doesn't like it, you have to buy a completely different set of bottles.these bottles are also interchangeable with the playtex premium bottles, so you can have a variety of colors and designs.get an extra box of liners for each size.these are easy to clean, just toss the liner and wash the bottle in warm, soapy water.
the caps are more streamlined and work for all different types of nipples.
i have a 1 1/2 yr. old and 3 yr. old still drinking out of these....they have a few quirks but you deal with them and get used to it and love, love , love the ease of use!
we used playtex drop-in bottles and my son loved them.
later we moved on the y-cut nipple which is great because it doesn't spill like the medium and fast flow.
the drop in system is all we use for our daughter and i just love it.
i will keep on using it and recommending it highly.
these nipples are far superior in my opinion because they're such a natural shape.
they have reduced my son's colic and gas discomforts dramatically by reducing the amount of air he takes in while feeding.
my son is primarily breastfed, but my wife and i supplement his breastfeedings with pumped breastmilk and with formula.
the liners are also bpa-free although i'm not sure what kind of plastic they are manufactured from.
unlike some other corporations in the baby products industry, playtex baby is serious about customer support.
he had his choice of 5 nipples and likes the latex slow flow the best.
even my husband is able to feed him with ease (breastfed babies are picky!).
i love how easily i can store unfinished breast milk.
it would make a great baby shower present!
just have to clean the base/nipple/ring, but super easy and used to throw in the dishwasher.
but these playtex bottles are my go to bottle as they are soooo easy to clean and that is very important when you have a young, hungry, crying baby to take care of!
love the nipple variety too.because of the liners, it is easy to keep two of these bottles in use and not clutter up the kitchen with bottle pieces, etc.would highly recommend.
once you've found the typle of material he/she prefers - stick with it.
:)
my breastfed baby took very easily to these bottles.
they're sturdy and durable.
it is so easy to use.
he hates the silicone nipples, so these are great alternative.
i started doing research & this one came highly recommended.
great set, but you'll need more nipples.
the kit comes with the adapters that you need.with respect to the nipples that come with this set, our baby eventually got used to them, but it took a few days.
its soft and is the most like a breast.
so i learned that if you heat the milk ( not boil it) right after you pump then store it in good bags the milk stays fresh, and baby eats while i'm at work.
there is no better feeling for you (and grandma whos watching her)  when you know that shes happy while you are at work.
what i love is the convenience.
what's nice about this starter kit is that it comes with 5 different nipples of varying flows and types (latex and silicone) that i was able to try without having to purchase separately (this is good because of my complaint below).i also like the playtex one step storage system that you can use with these bottles (refer to my review on playtex one step storage kits: http://www.amazon.com/review/r1nsck6en7ayra/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm).
as i mentioned, it's nice that it came with all the different nipples because finding the best one to use with my baby was a chore and a half (refer to my reviews on the playtex naturalatch slow flow latex, playtex naturalatch slow flow silicone, and playtex naturalatch orthodontic medium flow).2) the clear liners make it difficult to see the exact amount that is in the liner if you are pumping directly into the liner, but you learn to estimate more or less.
they give several drop-in liners, 4 oz and 8 oz.
but for the price, its worth it.
with all the rave reviews and my love for playtex ventair bottles, i was very excited about this bottle.
yet, both me and my baby hated it.
in any case, we used it a couple of times and went right back to ventair.
last year, in preparation to our son's arrival, we bought several leading, what i will call "bottle feeding systems" (you are not buying just bottles, but also committing yourself to the accessories specific to that brand, so they are systems).
plus, target sells a store version of dropins which a lot of people like, so that helps a lot with the price.avent bottles are generally very good, and we ended up using them a lot.
also, we purchased the ridiculesly overpricedphilips avent bpa free standard breast pump conversion kitto be able to use the bottles withmedela pump in style advanced breast pump.
the setup works great.
we have used both the larger and smaller bottles and nipples n-4, and the above comments apply to all variations.dr.
brown's bottles are probably the best out of the three.
like the avent, we have used both the larger and smaller bottles and nipples 1-4.
likewise, our son had no preference in the nipples from one bottle to the next among these, although he absolutely hatedthe first years 3 pack breastflow bottle, so we only tried it once.if i had to pick only one of the above brands, it would be dr. brown's.
my son started using them at about four weeks old and quickly outgrew the smaller bottles, but the set includes three larger ones, which is great.
any pumping mother knows that it is perfectly reasonable to cry over spilled breast milk, and believe me, i've done that many times.
we have used both the playtex ventaire and playtex drop-in bottles for the past year as we switched between breastfeeding and bottle feeding with my daughter, who has just reached her first birthday.
the drop-ins win hands-down for convenient clean-up and are thus our favorite to travel with.
our daughter can feed herself from both the ventaire and drop-in bottles, but it is a bit easier for her to handle the ventaire.
the drop-in bottle requires her to use two hands due to the fact it is wider, and if she falls asleep, the bottle is dropped and leaks wherever it lands.both the playtex drop-in and playtex ventaire bottles are nice sets, and we have appreciated having both types to choose from to enjoy the perks of both.
for convenience and fast clean-up, the playtex drop-in system wins.
for fewer leaks and more baby autonomy, the playtex ventaire bottles get our vote.
i had to empty the advent and pour them into the playtex.and when i first wrote my 2 star review of these bottles because i hated the repeated cost of buying liners, that was also before i realized just how fantastically wonderful it is to be able to throw away the liner.
my girls like the playtex latex nipples the best.you can buy store brand liners, we've used walmart store brand and they work fine but playtex are definately the best liner.
keep an eye out because the playtex liners do go on sale and then you can stock up.
you can use different brands of bags for these as well.
i am pregnant with my 2nd and with certainty, will use these again.
this lessens the gas and projectile vomiting.3.
my son eats a ton and these bottles don't really do well with formula.powdered formulapowdered formula (which i can't stand) doesn't mix well in this bottle.
also, despite the wonderful design for keeping air out... you have to shake powdered formula.
thus, there's air in there and your baby will be gassy.liquid (rtf) formulaformula is expensive.
pumping takes a lot of time.
now... in the first few weeks, my son killed my nipples.
so, pumping into the bottle came in handy.
i actually prefer these caps to the "newer" ones i found at babies r us (for a much higher price).
the plastic is sturdy.
this brand is kind of wonderful because they make a variety of bottles and the nipples can be used with different bottles.i didn't hate the bottle enough to say you shouldn't try it.
these bottles always worked out for my daughter.
easy cleanup with the bags, and less gas.
well, you aren't able to heat the bottles with the liners in them so you have to get a container dirty anyway to warm the milk and then dump them back into the bottle.
if i'm going to have to clean bottles anyway i'd rather use a bottle that i can store milk in and heat the milk in.these bottles dont keep air out.
in my opinion, this system is hands-down the best.here's what i like:the liners are sterile so you can always be sure your baby is drinking out of a clean bottle.nothing to wash but the nipple and ring.
it comes with various nipples to try and the breastfeeding nipple works great for him.here is the only downside:you cannot pump directly into the liners - but that is not a big deal to me.
i pump into the medela csf bags and store those.
it's super convenient.
it's even better because the liner is recyclable.
these bottles are fantastic in reducing gas.
this is a great set.
the playtex breast milk storage system is a very easy way to store breastmilk in the freezer, and works well with medela pumps.
i use a mix of these and medela storage bottles.i especially like that the liners are bpa free.
i love these bottles and i reccomend them to everyone i know.
that means the bottle won't give the baby gas!
i also used the natural action nipple which the baby loved.
i was also able to wash the nipple, the bottle and the ring in the top rack of the disheasher in a speacial  nipple rack i bought at walmart for $5.
and they are correct.
i'm realizing that saving tons of money isn't always what's best for my daughter.
these cloth diapers are reasonably priced and include a padded middle.
they also work as burp cloths for those using disposable diapers.
i bought these as burp cloths for my two boys.as burp cloths they are great - nothing fancy, just good at absorbing the spit up.
for burp cloths, i prefered the kooshie baby brand which are very absorbant, very soft and durable as well.
good diaper cloths!
been using it with my first born and now with my 1 month old baby.will help you prevent diaper rash.
tiring to change everytime the baby wets the cloth though and time consuming to wash but worth it than having problems with diaper rash.
these are by far the best burp cloths around.
these are fabulous.
the middle panel is very thick and helps with a newborn that spits up a lot and those breastfeeding blunders that happen to a new mom.
i highly recommend them.
i love these cloth diapers.
i mostly use them as burp cloths and as extra protection for the changing pad during diaper changes.
they wash up great.
i would highly recommend these cloth diapers.
i got 2 of these at my baby shower (one for upstairs and one for downstairs) and i absolutely love them!
my best advice?
read the directions!
it is correct, and when followed it heats the bottle perfectly every time.
definitely recommend!
if you have the inserts, you can always use a plastic bottle and pour it in.
my wife love this botles.is for a better way of feeding our new born.i cant wait to use them.
our nursery is on a different floor as the kitchen, so having this has been great for night feeding of twins.
you may want to order an additional ice pack so you'll always have one ready in the freezer.
i can't speak highly enough about this chiller/warmer.
every night i know i will not have to go downstairs to get a bottle, warm it, and bring it back up while baby is crying.now, all i do is take the bottle from the chill compartment (complete with ice pack), and place it, with a capful of premeasured water, in the warming compartment and hit a button.while i change baby's diaper, the bottle is warming, and i am ready to go.
we have tried many bottle warmers and this is the one we currently use.
this feature sounds good, but in real life, doesn't work as well as it sounds.the bottle warmer works ok but the heating action is inconsistent even if you get the water level on the meniscus the same everytime.
this is one of my favorite products i have purchased as a new mommy.
i love it.
it warms the avent bottles great.
it does not warm the playtex ventair bottles.
i have the other first year single warmer also and it is in my kitchen and it is great as well.
we have two of these - one for upstairs and downstairs.
we've been using this for a month and it works ok.
the warmer is a bit of a crap shoot as far as the bottle temperatures... but it's never under-heated a bottle.
it does keep things cool - but it's not impressive.
if you keep it on the unit your bottles will warm up.all in all - this is definitely a good purchase and i'm not sorry i bought this.
it's easy to use, look good and works great!
i use to warm breastmilk.
we love it.
once we figured out how to use it for bottles and bottles of baby food.
very convenient.
the warmer starts right away and creates a lot of steam.
i got this as a gift at my babyshower and i'm happy with it.
we've used this warmer for 2 of our babies and love it.
it's super convenient to have 2 bottles nice and chilled.
if you read the instructions the warming is pretty much fool-proof but on occasion i've been sleepy and overwarmed a bottle.
make sure your lids are off or loosened when you warm the bottles (especially dr. brown's) or the milk will come out of the top and make breast milk caramel all over the heating element.
when your baby wakes up take the water holder off the side and pour into the warmer, place the bottle and then press the button in front to warm.
while you're changing your baby the bottle will warm up and be ready by the time you're done.it takes practice, at first you'll probably either overfill the water holder or not fill it enough.
for a 4oz warm  dr browns bottle we usually filled it to the 6 line, 2 months later we're filling it to the 7 line.
you also have to be careful not to spill formula/bm on the warmer or it will get sticky and won't warm the bottle as well.
if you have two floors definitely get a bottle warmer, and if you're on a budget this is the best.
it stores 2 bottles in the compartment and comes with a small ice pack.
the pack is fairly small and does not cool the milk for long.
i use a freezer pack and store one bottle at a time.
i've heard some say this is the best warmer available.
when the heating indicator light turns off you must be right there to pull the bottle out or it will continue to significantly warm the bottle without any water medium.
be sure to loosen your bottles cap during heating and check to see that the travel disc is not in place.
brown's) will overflow.
otherwise, having a cooler right there is nice.
overall, good purchase and the price is great on amazon (you'll pay $30 at bru)
i've never used the bottle cooler part, so i can't comment on that.
of the bottle isn't quite right.
you really have to play with the amount of water it takes to appropriately warm the bottle up.
i use it at nights.
it is a lifesaver when my son wakes up and needs his expressed milk instantly.
sometimes i forget the ice-pack and will use a ziploc bag with crushed ice as an alternate.
one thing to note is that it heats up glass bottles super fast vs. the plastic bottles.
i can honestly say i love this bottle warmer because it is very convenient for those in a 2-story house.
we loved being able to keep the bottle cool and save the trip downstairs in the middle of the night.
even when my son was sleeping through the night we still kept his morning bottle in his room and used this warmer to keep it cool.
decided to just buy a second warmer that uses water, and to use a cooler for the bottles (our baby needed 4 anyway to get through the night)
the measuring of the water is not comfortable it take more time to actually put the water at its correct measure than just boiling water in micro and using that to warm the milk
i loved this product from the moment i got it.
it works wonders with drop ins, and avent bottles fit into and heat up nicely....
sometimes that is.
two bottle fit in a cooler compartment and one fits in the warmer.
we exclusively breastfeed, so it's not like we can just put warm water in a bottle and mix it with formula.
living in a two story house, it's not exactly fun to get up in the middle of the night, go downstairs, warm up the water, then the bottle and go back upstairs to the baby.
we just put it in our upstairs bathroom with a bottle of breastmilk in the cooler part and when the baby gets hungry, just put water in the wamer and warm the bottle.
it's quick and easy, which is always good in the middle of the night!
we loved it for the first month we had it.
but, after just about a month of use (warming 3 or 4 bottles per day) the warmer started over heating the bottles and sent milk pouring out of the top.
i use a variety of types of bottles and specifically the dr. browns and the first years breastflow bottles were overheated and thus overflowed in this warmer.
that didn't help.
easy to use.
plus you can easily over heat your bottles in this.
we did like the cooler on the back for travel but overall this thing stinks
easy to use, cooler works well to store 2 bottles.
i've been using it for 5 oz medela bottles so i pump at night, cap it and store it in the cooler and warm as i use it.
works great!
our bed rooms are upstairs and i needed to have a second warmer and one which had a cooler.this is the best buy for the same reason.i simply love it and couldnt live without it.i have used it every single day so far .my son is now 5months and it works great i never timed how much time the bottle is in the warmer not i measured the water.
even with such a rough use it still works great .never had a little problem with itbut i do make sure that i clean it throughly every week.the cooler part is awesome,saved me trips downstairs in the middle of the night.being a working mom i am all about making things easy for me.this is what i recommend highly
i bought this bottle warmer, because the previous model from the same company broke.
i am not happy with the new model.
we had this warmer with our first child, but had parted ways with it by the time we had another child.
we got the tommee tippee bottle warmer with our second child (because we used the tommee tipped bottles with her).
overall, i love this warmer.
we always ended up using the tap to correct the temperature and it took forever.
we just bought the dr browns delux bottle warmer and its amazing!
ahora la familia descansa mas gracias a este calentador de biberones ya que el tetero se mantiene caliente toda la noches o hasta que el bebe la necesite, no hay necesidad de prender la cocina, solo meterlo en la boca del bebe y a comerrr....
couldn't ask for a better pump!
for my daughters first month of life, she couldn't latch on correctly so i pumped and fed her via bottle.
i love it.
as a first time mom, i found it very comfortable and easy to use.
i also sterilized the pieces after a day of use and each piece came out fine.
my husband and i traveled quite a bit with our son and i was able to pump in the car with the battery pack.
as recommended by our lactation consultants, i pump once a day.
i pump once a day and after a week of that i have 2 weeks worth of feedings(if giving once a day).
this little electrical pump works well.
i have twins and this pump works just fine.
i ended up getting the medela pump in style and loved it.
for manual use i recommend the avent isis.
this works great.
it comes with storage containers and a nipple insert for smaller nipples.
it is a pretty good buy.
it's small and light and perfect for travel.
it's efficient and has lasted through 2 babies - medela is a really great brand!
i wouldn't recommend this if you're pumping often from both sides - get a double pump, but it was a perfect supplemental pump for me.
i love this pump!
it's the best single pump i've tried, and i've had a few different ones.
i ended up buying a used pump-in-style online and love it.
(expressing away from home, helping with engorgement, pumping extra for more supply)it works great!
my kids are 4 and 6yrs now, and with the activity level in my home now, i think a quieter model will better suite everyone's needs.
this pump is very good.
it is a handy pump to have.
medela is definitely the best pump to get, and don't even think about a manual one.
if you have to pump a lot, and can afford it, a double pump is the way to go though...it takes half the time, which is very important when you have a baby to take care of.
(i am a minor diyer).it's great once it's in place, though!
it is very sturdy and the gate is easy to open if you have a free hand.
the gate is easy to configure.
this is a great feature.overall this is an ok gate.
it may be the best gate for versatile areas where traditional gates don't fit.
our stairs needed a special gate and this is perfect for us.
this gate was perfect for our split-level home with the addition of one 24&#34; extension.
the stay-open and auto-close features are great.
we needed a gate for a really wide space between our family room and kitchen and this gate works perfectly.
the gate is easy to open and close, but not so easy that our toddler can figure it out.
then hang stuff like toys, instruments, and mobiles from it.
our lil'guy loves it!
:)
we bought this gate for a opening between our foyer and kitchen.
we ended up buying one extension and are very pleased!!!
it's great because you can bend it into whatever configuration you need.
i definitely recommend this gate!!
we bought two different kinds of gates for our living room area.
it's extension are screwed together and have an overlap.
but it has two different size extension pieces and you can bend and configure it to the space you need.
we use it at the bottom of our stairs and it bows out to give you an area so that the gate is not up against the stairs.it was so easy to add the extension piece on.
it was very sturdy.i highly recommend this gate.
i love this gate!
this gate has solved all our problems.the door does not swing closed behind you, which i like.
the entire system spans 72" and is very stable, even when my 1 year old shakes it.this gate is a great solution for difficult areas and is well worth the money.
to open and close gate is little tricky though.
i love the magnetic latch because i know the gate will close every time.
we've had this gate since late 2007 when our oldest started walking.
installation for both gates was a breeze.customer service was great as well.
i had to call the company after we received the wrong extension piece( wrong gate piece in extension piece's box)oh, fyi: even after all these years, our original hearthgate doesn't show any signs of rust.
i purchsed the kidco configure gate along with the extension and it fits perfectly and wraps around the area nicely and doesn't take up too much room.
the gate is crafted well, easy to install, and the peace of mind is well worth it.
i have this gate set up in two different parts of my house... one part as-is, and one part with two extensions.
the gate that that has no extensions is very durable, and easy to open, however there is a bar that goes across the bottom of the "door", and myself and my guests are always bumping bare toes on it...ouch!in the other part of my house, i have this gate with two extensions.
there aren't many gates out there that will let you cover such a wide room, though, and for that it was nice while it lasted.
this is a great gate, and one of the few with the flexibility to accommodate non-straight spaces.
it's pretty sturdy, the kids shake it sometimes but it hasn't ever opened or torn from the wall.
the downside (or upside, depending on perspective) is that the gate is harder to open than the previous version.
the magnetic catch is handy for a quiet but easy close.
i got the extension, and it still stands pretty sturdy.
we use it for my 3 year old to have a space on the main floor to play with toys without the baby able to interrupt.
looks ok, good if you have white for trim, but ultimately, its a baby gate and looks like one.
my husband and i wish that we had ordered this gate a year ago!
it was easy and quick for my handy husband to install at the base of the stairs.
this feature is nice as our toddler can pull at the latch but can't lift the gate to open it by herself).
the gate automatically swings shut, which is convenient, but will also stay open if opened to 90 degrees.
would highly, highly recommend this gate!
this kidco configure gate is worth every penny if you need to enclose and odd shaped space!
we needed to block off a hallway in our basement, but had uneven walls, and this gate works perfectly.
if you read through the manual and flip back and forth until you understand the pictures before you start, it makes the installation go pretty smoothly.2.
it doesn't really affect the stability of the gate since it is anchored to the walls, but the flexing will go away if you angle each sectionoverall, this gate worked for enclosing our odd shaped space perfectly and i would highly recommend it!
i run an in-home daycare in a townhouse in addition to having my own young children.this gate is by far the sturdiest gate i've used and it is my absolute favorite.
first, the hinges on the gate which allow you to place the panels at an angle are not wonderful.
and if it breaks, you're out of luck with installing this gate.
second, the mounting pieces for the wall are fixed position, at the top of every fence panel.
most people will have to buy extension gate panels to make this work and boy does the cost add up.
we have used this gate since our oldest started moving around.
now 3 years and another child later it is still functioning great!
it still looks and works as well as on day 1.we picked this for the top of our stairs so we could have a "landing" at the top.
my 3.5 year old still cannot open this on his own.i would buy this same gate in a heartbeat.
we used 4-5 extensions as well.
be sure you install it into the studs - infants will pull up on the railing.
kidco is pretty easy to work with.
the quality is great.
this item was a lifesaver when i brought my son home from the hospital.
for anyone who has read dr. harvey karp's book, the happiest baby on the block, they will understand.
once my son was bigger, i bought the fisher price aquarium and that works well for older babies.
the voice activated feature is great!
!and for what it offers, the price is very attractive.four sounds, light, etc.
it's true that the lullabies sound mechanical, so we just don't use it.
it does take a pretty decent sound from her to set it off, but that's okay -- her softer noises are usually in her sleep anyway.
my baby really liked the sounds and the night light was great for midnight feedings.
it was nice to have at times, but our baby was never really addicted to it.
the light was very helpful.
she loved the soft sounds and musical melodies.
the added light is also a great feature to peak on her rather than turning on the bright overhead light in my car.
i love it and so does my son.
i do wish it were a little easier to fold and ajust, although the litle buttons are stuck in mine it still works and is very safe.
this is a great crib so you wonder why i rated it 3 stars?
well i would love this crib for infants and short toddlers but if you go by the age on the box you can be fooled they say this crib is for ages 0-3 i would not put a 3 year old in this crib with the wheels on it!!!!!
otherwise this is a great pruduct for children under 2years whose shoulder are at or below the railing.
but my son slept great in it.
it was a perfect temporary crib for our week vacation and i only used it for him to go to sleep in when i was laying on the bed right next to it.
the first crib they shipped me was damaged in the shipment, so i asked them to ship another one...the second one was also damaged...i was able to take pieces from both to make a useable one...it is a great crib!
in the middle of a summer heatwave my husband and i were faced with either disassembling our 7 month old's huge crib and moving it into our air conditioned bedroom for a more comfortable sleep, or getting a portable crib which can also be used later in the year when baby #2 is due.
we purchased this and are delighted.
it assembled in under 10 minutes, which is unusual since most baby items take several people and loads of patience to figure out complicated directions.
this crib is light weight yet sturdy, nicely compliments any room, and is comfortable for our daughter for either sleep or play.
all in all it's a fine item and priced well.
i bought this because my daughter has hated the pack n play from day one.
this one is great because it is very sturdy.
the folding locks take a bit of getting used to, but they work well.
i bought portable crib sheets at babies r us and they work great.
my daughter sleeps in this like her regular crib and i think we will get a lot of use from it!
we can put it in our suburban.
i love this crib.
i purchased this crib after my son grew out of his graco travel lite crib (at three months).
my son is four months old now and fits in it perfectly and there is still a lot of room for him to grow.
it is a nicely made crib and is worth the $80 that it costs.
great crib, easy to assemble (it was pretty much assembled when it arrived!)
and its overall best feature is how you can roll it from room to room without taking it apart.
i bought this for my son.
my son almost weighs that and i don't want to buy another table now.
i love this changing table.
this changing table has lots of space for keeping babies things handy.
you may want to get a thicker changing pad though.
my husband and i bought this changing table in the "cherrywood".
it provides ample space for diapers, burp clothes, blankets, and other items you may need on it.
the table comes with a simple foam mattress, which is easily wiped off with a cloth.
i bought this for my 6 week old daughter because the price was nice and the table was attractive.
i bought this changing table with the matching delta jenny lind crib from another store (shop around for the best price).
when they arrived, my husband and i set up the changing table first.
the changing table is a nice reddish oak, while the crib was very blonde.
this is a good solid dressing table.
the dressing table has two shelves that are quite convenient for holding supplies.
it didn't help, they still shrunk.
they still work though, but the corners of the changing pad are crumched down.
this changing cover has worked well with our changing pad helded up in the wash from so many poopie diapers...which is a nice pad along with our changing pad (which we whip clean before use  and after use..over the pad its self (which sometimes my nephew sticks to without a oniez on!)
i love mine and it is softer now then first use and it is secure so she does not slide like when we tried a towel on the changing pad.have had the same 2 since february and look like new.
the softness of this cover makes up for the fact that you have to stretch it a bit to fit your changing pad.
but once you get the hang of it (give it 3-5 sessions to get used to it), it works great.
this requires me to stop momentarily but isn't a huge deal, just a minor annoyance.
recently, while on vacation i misplaced the membranes for my medela pump in style breastpump, which are vital for operation.
the spare parts were safe at home, and with a hungry boy on my hands i was in a predicament.
i am amazed by the comfort, control and power this little hand pump provides.
in addition, i enjoy the convenience of not having to be "plugged in" and the reduced amount of bottles to wash.
it wasn't especially useful for the first few months because expressing was just not feasible yet without a hospital grade pump.
now that it is, i love this pump.
it doesn't hurt my nipples, and the small breast milk storage containers fit right on the pump.
the bags hold 7 and are very easy to thaw.
this breast pump is definitely worth the money.
whether you're taking the pump on vacation,to work, to extract milk for an occasional bottle or to mix for cereal, this pump is a great buy.
as a mattress protector, it might be good.
i bought this hoping that it would help replicate a pillow top mattress as my son has been co-sleeping with me and he has become accustomed to my mattress and i want to try to transfer him to his own bed.
i own two of these mattress pads and i love them.
they help to make my extremely firm crib mattress a little cozier for my son.
they hold up very well in the wash and fit great over my simmons mattress.
this fits our crib mattress tightly and keeps our baby from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.
we didn't have a mattress pad with our son and he would wake up soaking wet from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.
we have a sealy crown jewel mattress and it fits great on it.
unlike many other pads on the market, this one is very soft and durable.
it holds up great to washing, fits my baby's mattress perfectly, and appears to be very cozy for my little one.
this fits well and is so soft.
i haven't found it to be the best with waterproofing, though.
fits the mattress well & holds up well in the wash.
:)
i love it!
it keeps my sons mattress dry and it washes easily and comes out great.
look through the reviews and you can see many people upset about these leaking.
who has time to search for the right parts when their baby is hungry and crying?
its definately worth the price.
it has always felt extremely sturdy.
they are easily to hold (thanks to the curve) and i really like the wide mouth of the bottles which make them easy to clean....and you are pretty sure they are clean!
!all in all i think they were a great buy and worth it.
well, they are.
my wife chose avent on recommendation from a friend and we glad we did.
these bottles worked perfectly for us.
they also fit right into avent bottle warmer, which we also have.
avent bottles are not as great as all the write ups.
)6- the whole avent system makes for easy growing with the child- there are different nipples for different ages, including a sippy cup nipple.
great.these bottles are great.
they are well worth the money.
i used these bottles with my first son and would have given them about 3.5 stars.
oh, wow, what a diffrence.
the new nipples have a raised edge that guarantees the nipple is tight in the collar.
the really great thing is you can tighten these bottle to your hearts content.
the new nipples have the words "extra soft" on the package and if you look closely they look different around the bottom.
i am extremely satisfied with these bottles now and will use them untill baby is weaned.
my son has reflux so we have an ongoing battle with spit up in our house.
when i stopped breast feeding i tried a couple different types of bottles and eventually ended up sticking with dr. brown's because they helped the most with his gas and spit up.
i was forced to switch back to dr. brown's because i just couldn't handle changing his clothes and mine 5 times a day.
go with the dr. brown's.
my kids actually ingested more air b/c of the nipple shape - they just couldn't get their mouths around the large base.reasons i give 2 stars:-well-made-easy to clean
my son is breast fed, but we have given him an occasional bottle.
i got them because of all the great things i heard about them.
no chance.
he now takes gerber bottles, traditional and new traditions.
i will give these to my daughters to play with their dolls.
expensive does not always equal good.
those bottles are a lot cheaper and soooooooooooo much better.
they are not the "best" bottles to use while breastfeeding.
first of all, they have many different flows with their nipples, which is a huge plus in my book.
avent has newborn stage 1, stage 2 (slow), medium (+3 months), and fast (+6 months), plus a tri-cut.
she also prefers the wide-mouth shape and i know it gives her mouth the needed motion to widen her palatte (which is one of the reasons breastfeeding is recommended.)
and avent knows it.
we have tried every bottle out there and like these the best for our newborn.
the nipple flow is fast for a newborn.
usually if you just unscrew and screw top back on, it stops leaking.
the bottles are easy to clean.
i purchsed these bottles on a recommendation from a friend who was breast feeding as well.
the nipples are great because they force the baby to suck on them as if they were the breast.
these bottles are great.
i love these bottles.variable flow- there are several different grades of nipples.
i love that there are slow flow, medium, fast and then sippy tops.
you can use these bottles from newborns to toddlers.
you can convert your bottles into sippy cups!!!
fabulous.
they are well made and easy to assemble.
what a fantastic idea and such a godsend for us.
these bottles are absolutely fantastic!
they are so easy to use and they cut down on gas wonderfully.
the silicone nipples are so much nicer than the rubber ones on regular bottles, and if you nurse and use bottles as a supplement, these are the more like yourself so the baby has an easier taking it.
by far, the best bottle on the market in my humble opinion.
i received one in a gift set and my husband immediately ran out and bought a week's worth - they're just so much easier to use and they fit so well on the fridge shelves, plus those huge plastic caps that fit over the nipples are easy to remove and makes you feel like everything is cleaner.
highly recommend!
hi, i had these bottles back in 2002 when my son was born because the hospital gave them to us to use to feed the baby.
bpa free brands include born free, nurture pure, mam, green to grow, baby life and adrini.
we bought this because this is a good brand to use.
the avent bottles are also very comfortable for me to hold and easy for my baby to grip on to as well.they suit us perfectly - give them a try and see what you think.
well, the nipple has these three little lines on it and inside the screw on part there are solid parts and slotted parts (sorry if this doesn't make sense).
you have to line up the lines on the nipple with the solid parts on the bottle top.
you have to make sure it is nice and tight.
this problem can easily be solved by wiping the inside of the ring that holds the nipple and the outside rim of the bottle with a dry rag, and if it squeaks when you screw the lid on, you're not going to have any leaks.hope this helps!
dr. brown's is the way to go!
crappy quality control.
i loved these bottles.
5 stars
in 2000 when my first son was born, i bought the avent bottles to go with my isis breast pump (which i love) because everyone raved about how they were the best.
with me second son i assumed i would use the bottles again and tried the newborn nipple with the opposite result.
the disposable system works great for storing and freezing milk and it's convenient for mom's on the go.
the one slight annoyance with the system, you have to place the ring on the lids directly on top of the nipples; otherwise the bottle has a tendency to leak.f.y.i.
the placement on the babys face with the nipple is perfect too.
i decided to breastfeed my second son,when that didn't work out, i used playtex nursers.
these worked wonderfully!
our baby seems to drink the best from these bottles.
i like them because the wide mouth makes it easy to fill and clean.
these bottles are pretty good.
however, the bottle is nice and durable.
the nipple and caps fit snug.
also, they work great as breast milk storage containers.
you can take out the nipple and put the insert in the cap for freezer storage.
both bottles do a fine job of keeping bubbles out of your baby.
we tried and used both bottles with our boy.
the real deal between the two is the nipple.
the nipple on avent bottles are larger at the base and firmer than the brown bottles.
when we first introduced the bottle to our breast fed boy he did not take to the avent bottles.
cleaning dr. brown's bottles sucks!
buy one of each first and see which one you baby is comfortable with.
they also make alot of noise when my son eats.
they are just the best.
good system.
on any account, cascade and avent both recommend using a gentle, not antibacterial soap on these bottles.
if you notice star like cracks on your bottles call avent's customer service.
they have a good quality for the price, in my country the buttle avent are so expensive, i love trade avent
these bottles are great!
we recieved these bottles as a gift for our son (now 16 months)and expected greatness from avent.
it isn't great for infants that are nursing...my daughter had a fit when i tried to feed her.
i used the playtex nurser bottle and she loved it.
especially if we are out for a big event and the boys are dressed nicely.
the bottles worked great for the first six months and then.....they all leaked.
these bottles are great!
i absolutely love all avent products... their bottles, bottle-warmer, pacifiers, etc.both of my boy used the avent bottles, and the ones my first-born used are still being used by my second one.
i went through 4 different bottle systems (and a lot of $$) - and i'm sticking with avent.
easy to clean - easy to use - no problems.
these are the best bottles ever!
they are heaven sent - my baby has a full happy little tummy!
when i get the chance i'll pump directly into one of these bottles using the isis pump.
i love the nipples of this bottle because they are the most like the human nipple and my baby has not developed nipple confusing because of this.
that too is convenient and easy to use.i would recommend these bottles to any woman who is breastfeeding and will have to return to work.
everyone i know has registered for avent bottles and generally found success.
the shape is handy and comfortable, the pieces easily fit together, and the bottle travels well.
i admit it: i am impressed with avent bottles!
they are easily one of the baby products capable of handling extremes without a blink.
do this with your average bottle a few times and be ready to say bye-bye to them, but avent bottles hold on strong and in the process also happen to offer the best bibs in the market (the ones that best mimic the nipple, thus giving your baby the least gas, if you feed the bottle perpendicular to his/her mouth).
no wonder they've been voted among the best baby products for several years in a row!
i know alot of people love them, but my son doesnt.
this always works!
he couldn't latch on right and all the milk would spill out the sides of his mouth.
i found gerber nuk nipples, got four of them for about $4 and bought especially for baby bottles for a whopping $2.99 (you get 3) and my baby loves them!!!!
what a relief.
expensive isn't always better!
wonderful bottles, as our daughter won't use anything else.
but if you take a second and make sure that you are screwing on the top properly - you might have a leaking bottle once every 30 or 40 tries.
i have used 4 of the other top brands and am very pleased with avent.
when breastfeeding, these are highly recomended.
well, sometimes that works and sometimes it dosen't.
again, i am reminded of how delicate every drop of milk was.
sometimes these bottles will taunt you.
i was told that this brand of bottles was created to closely imitate the breast and this is the only brand that you can easily switch baby back and forth from breast to bottle.
and it has worked wonderfully--my baby girl will feed from both without any problem.
i love the shape of the bottles--very comfortable to hold--and they are extremely easy to clean.
these bottles are great!
otherwise, they are perfect.
(his mouth is open wider than other bottles because he puts the whole nipple in his mouth, like the breast.)
i also use (and love) the avent breast pump so you can pump right into the bottle and attach a nipple.
she ended up with a soaked face and bib every time.
feedings are now mess-free and pleasant!
they work great and are very durable.
if you use the bottle correctly there are no leaks and it is very simple.
they also work wiht the avent isis breast pump.
my sons will only take to the "natural" nipple, and avents got it!
the available covers work nicely for carrying them and making sure the nipple is sanitary.
these bottles also fit very well in almost any cup holder (unlike the playtex) and greatly reduce my little ones gassy problems.
they are the best!
now i can be assured that she will be able to eat without me there!
after slowly running out of bottles that didn't leak we decided to go with the playtex nursers and liners.these work perfect!
the liners prevent a lot of gas.
these bottles are just okay.
i used these bottles with my son and loved them!this bottle system was excellent and my son almost never had any gas with them like he did with some others i tried out.
but there was absolutely no leaking here!there is a great range of accessories that go with this bottle as well, including sterilizers and breast pumps.
everything was compatible with my avent breast pump and it made it a dream to use.i am pregnant with my second and avent is all i am going to buy for her.
i absolutely love these bottles!!
because of their width, my daughter was able to hold them at 3.5 months!!
i also love their 'wide-neck', which makes it very easy to fill the bottle while holding a squirming baby!
i love em!!!
i love em!!!
i love em!!!
i also have the breast pump and microwave sterilzer which all fit the bottles perfectly!!
and the oz numbering on these reg bottles is the kind that will scratch and rub off easily.
as for the leaking issue, it is not the bottle, it's the user!bottle use de-mystified: you must  make sure that the top of the bottle and its threads are dry and the flange of the nipple on the inside is dry as well.....then when you tightly screw on the cap it should make a soft squeak sound that perfects the seal.
if either are wet or have milk on them (like when you open it to re-fill a partially full bottle) you must re-dry the threads and nipple before screwing closed.
good luck.
our baby hated the bottle and wouldn't take the nipple.
i like the nipple flow on these bottles for my newborn, as well as the small bottle size, but i found that the nipple only vented air back into the bottle properly about 50% of the time.
you can change how fast the milk flows out of the bottle as you baby grows and the nipple is much softer!munchkin also sells just the nipple that is compatable with the avent bottle.
good luck!
for those experiencing leaks, it is simply because the bottles are an interlocking system and must be screwed on properly.
these are well worth the price paid.
i have tried both dr. brown's and playtex ventaire and find the avent products to be superior to both of these.
highly recommended by this mom!update march 06:  one more great feature about the avent bottles -- they sell a sippy cap that can replace the nipple, so your investment goes into toddlerhood with no need to buy additional sippy cups!
i have to agree with reviewers, the nipple of the avent bottles is great.
avent bottles are one of the best out there.
handy and easy to clean.
i suggest you buy or register for both (avent and dr brown)so if your baby does ok with gas and colic you use avent, and if not, you use dr brown (at least for a while).
you will notice the difference in a few weeks.
these are wonderful, they were recomended by a friend of mine and i have no regrets.
we think these bottles are very durable and easy to use.
also, avent makes a long-spouted sippy top that fits on these bottles.
using this helps switch from bottle to cup.
we've been using these bottles since our son was 1 week old, and they work great.
i love avent bottles and so does my daughter.
easy to assemble, wash and use.
my daughter likes the easy to latch on nipple and i like being able to purchase faster flow nipples as needed.
good quality bottles, don't leak and have easy to read oz./ml.
i have only used size 1 because we need her to slow down; she eats to fast and gets a tummy ache.these bottles also fit perfectly in my bottle warmer (the first years) excellent choice!
the wide mouth makes the bottles very easy to clean.
i just use a bottle brush with warm, soapy water, then put the bottle, nipple and ring in my avent steam sterilizer (which i love).
i have been using the bottles for seven months now and they are still in great shape.i have a friend who said her baby would not take the avent nipples.
i had seven bottles and that was the perfect amount for us.
although my son uses the 9 ounce bottles now, i still use some of the 4 ounce bottles to mix and store formula that i add to his cereal.
but that is an easy fix!
i attribute it to the unique design of the nipple which encourages her to open her mouth wide instead of tucking her lip in to suck on a smaller nipple.also these can be converted to sippy cups.
they are very durable as well and so easy to clean.
works great sort of a pain to clean but easier than having to clean tubing on an electric.
i was skeptical about the price, but it's totally worth it if you want to be able to use a pump on a regular basis.
i bought this pump mainly because were always out and about.
i am actually a stay at home mom but this came in handy in many ways.
i don't recommend avent bottles for feeding but for storage they're perfect.
it's also very comfortable to use with or without the &quot;petals&quot;.
it's comfortable, efficient, whisper quiet, and easy to clean and put together.
this is a great pump... forget about spending over $60 on something you are not sure you are going to use too much... not to mention - now that i use this pump daily - i am still happy i did not spend the $260 for the 'mack-daddy&quot; - this is comfortable and fast and easy to work with.
i love it!
i mostly use the ameda electric, but used this on a weekend trip and was very pleased with the milk volume.
it's a great manual pump, but it's just a manual pump after all.
it's also great for occasional home use or for women who need to leave the house with a pump every once in a while.
this is a great pump.
easy to use and clean.
while i love the pump i am not happy with the avent bottles.
you want to get a nipple on and feed.
luckily, i have an awesome boss, who allows me all the time i need to pump..
i am a first time mother and a stay at home mom.
i now know better.... electronic and a good brand- so what you pay 300. and change its worth your sanity, sleep, time, energy and appreciation for the bond with the baby.
my milk supply in time grew (not soon enough) i am still nursing and again the manuel pump and i did not have a good relationship.
i asked a lactation consultant what kind of pump she'd recommend and she recommended avent and medela.
i will give it credit though, it's a lot easier to take apart and clean.
this isis breast pump set is great.
besides that, its very conviencent to use and easy.
i love the advent line & highly recommend their bottles & microwave sterilizer, but this breast pump is awful!
i'm back to work full time and it has been working very well for me.
after a few calls to the avent customer service line (who were wonderful, very helpful and patient), i was getting much better results.
also the realm of accessories available is impressive.
i am sold on the avent isis breast pump--it works great for me.
i still nursed my first child for 13 months but not exclusively--he got both breastmilk and formula.now, i am on my 3rd child.
and because it is manual, i was able to express whenever and whereever i needed to.
thanks avent.
of course, pumping takes practice but this pump works great for beginners.
it is very easy to set up and clean...making it easy to take along.
why spend a longer amount of time pumping that you have to (and yes it does take longer even though the manual says their stats say otherwise).
with our next child, i will definitely be buying electric!
being a stay-at-home mom, i don't need to pump frequently, but when i do pump, this item is terrific!
easy to use.
i'm able to pump a 4 oz.
easy to clean and case makes storage easy.
i borrowed this breast pump from my sister and it is awesome!
i have tried them all and this one is great.
what a great investment.
the avent pump in this kit is very good.
instead of the avent bottles, i have started using the playtex nurser system - which means i pump into the avent bottles and pour them into the nurser (the playtex system sells a kit with a pump adapter - but it does not work with avent).
i highly recommend this for anyone who would like to continue breast feeding.follow-up: my youngest daughter is now six weeks old and i still love this pump.
you just have to make sure to keep the pump perfectly upright.
i emailed avent and they emailed me back and had some great tips (great customer service, by the way!).
in those instances, i'd definitely recommend it!
i have an ameda purely yours as well, and overall, i'd suggest paying the extra money and get an electric if you're working or having to pump full time, or you just want more convience.i hope this review helps, as i wanted it to be my best, considering all the experience i've had with so many pumps!
i received this as a shower gift and boy am i thankful!
it expresses the milk pretty fast in my opinion and it doesn't really hurt.
it's great to store the milk in if you need to or for the ride home.
awesome all the way around!
two of my friends used this one daily and recommended it to me.
there's even a non-transparent drawstring pouch for storing breastmilk-filled bottles in the common fridge at work where everyone keeps their lunches!
my now 6.5 month old daughter is at a healthy 65 percentile.
i love my isis.
but after my production started, the pump started to work perfectly.
highly recommended :)
it's the best item you can buy!
practical, easy to carry, easy to store.maybe, it should come with 3 9oz bottles and 1 4oz, instead of 2 and 2; becuase babies rapidly start needing more and more...also all mags that come with these items are great, with great tips, some of them are not even included in m. stoppard's book!
once you achieve letdown it's great but it can take 10-15 minutes to get there.
this pump is comfortable, easy to use, and affordable.
it worked great.
i think it has something to do with your size and the suction as to which works best.
(the bottle, and the other screwed on piece to the pump.)
i have never used an electric pump so i can't compare but if you are looking for a manual pump this one is perfect.
this one is the best.
simple and goes with all kitchen decor, love it.
it has two different sized adjustable arms so that you can arrange it to suit your needs.
this thing is pretty good for a bottle drying rack, comes with a little shelf for drying nipples, sturdy, drains well, allows you to make different configurations in consideration of your bottle sizes.
i like the size because it isn't huge butcan dry several bottles.
holds the items well, easy to put them on.
this is small, sturdy, and great for the price.
it takes up minimal space on the counter yet holds all my bottle pieces and accessories and then some.
it does the job well.
i wanted a small rack to dry my granddaughters bottles and accessories - and this works nicely.
holds the right amount, drains right into the sink and also has a small hook on tray for drying items that won't fit on one of the &#34;stems&#34;.
sticks well and comes with a bunch of additional adhesive stickers.
protects heads from sharp corners well enough.
it came with the corners which is great.
the tape it uses is perfect because it really stays put.
i have purchased what feels like 100 ft of this stuff to protect my son who is quite a climber and runner.overall i would say this is the best stuff but loses on star because sometimes that double sided sticky tap doesn't stick right.but you can't go wrong and should buy this to give yourself some piece of mind
these edge guards come in handy in a number of places.
for best grip you need to put it on each side of the inside &#34;l&#34; of the protectors.
it comes with a bunch of different sizes of tape as well.
it protected my 10 month old son from many bruises.
worked great for a few weeks but living in a hot humid climate the seals eventually loosened up.
very easy to use and install
i have used it on both a glass-topped table & wooden crib.
very functional & economical.
currently it uses 3m tapes, which is okay but over time a child's curiosity will grow they will pick on it and over a period of two months of picking it may come off.
easy to apply, stays on, and is perfectly cushioned for protecting little heads (and also great for teething!)
make sure your table is clean, you might even want to go over the edges with rubbing alcohol.
we love this, and highly recommend it!
the ability to cut the padding and included double sided sticking tape with scissors make it easy to pad sharp furniture edges of all lengths.
however there are a couple of things we have found that help us optimize its usage.
also we didn't use the precut edges because we found that our baby managed to rip them off pretty easily and then tried to eat the backing tape.just be aware that if your baby is teething, the spongy texture of the padding makes it tempting for them to bite on.
nice bumpers.
very soft and easy to place.
it is nice.
it sticks nicely.
and soft.
thank you.
i bought thisprince lionheart table edge guard with 4 corners, greyin hope of protecting my son from bumps on our coffee table.
can't beat that.
we love prince lionheart products.
we decided to get the edge guards.
this are awesome around our coffee table, end tables and entertainment center.
the are soft and fit perfectly.
great idea and has helped out alot as our son seems to always be bumping his head on stuff in the near vicinity of him.
other than that it looks great and helps protect my baby from injury.
my daughter been using the coffee table to pull her self up to stand and also been crawling through it to play with the stuff underneath.
she even bumped her head on the edge!
it's nice and thick.the tape that came with it isn't that sticky though.
it makes it easy to stick and restick back on so you get it on good.
the chocolate is the closest color we could get to our espresso tables, nothing is going to look great, but this at least looks decent and clean.
will be buying more to apply to the underside corners and the leg corners - for some reason my son keeps hitting his head on every corner possible!
also it would be good if you could buy plastic cover for the top of the crib railling.
this edge and corner set is a great value.
it was easy to trim and apply.
its very dense foam, so if you press down pretty hard you still wont feel sharp edge.
it doesn't make the furniture look great by any means, but it is what it is.
the padding should be sufficient to stop minor bumps and bruises.
i'm satisfied for the moment...i'll update if that changes.i deducted a star because i ordered beige and got chocolate...not worth the hassle to return it.
however, our son just started pulling  the trim  off so we  have  had to replace the adhesive a few times.
you'd think her ability to remove the ends of the bumpers would indicate the bumpers would be easy to remove.they were a nightmare and have ruined our beautiful coffee table.
it sticks really well- we'll see how it holds up over time- and the color looks great against my taupe tile.
not great against some sort of reddish brown wood, but miles ahead of the hideous safety 1st expandable table edge bumper.
this stuff gives a perfect fit since it's cut to fit.
the expandable thing doesn't fit the sizes listed (no way it will work on a 90 inch table) and it looks like a pair of hand-me-down training pants from the 1970s.
it was the greatest feature of our family room until we had a baby.
it is super easy to put on, works really well and i know we would have had lots more tears, bumbs, cuts, bangs, etc.
if this wasnt on our fireplace.
we've also used it on some other wood furnture and it works well.
sticks amazingly well and cushions nicely.
while it's true that the tape won't last forever, it is also true that it won't leave a mark on your furniture once you want to remove it permanently.
easy!
good quality but it only covers the top part of the corner so it is still dangerous for baby to get up.
i just started with one corner edge, measured the long foam piece, and then cut the foam with scissors (just alittle bit longer then what i though i needed.
the guards are great because we have a fake stone fireplace so the edge is much more uneven than brick, but the guard works great.
she will still bump into the table at times and it doesnt offer much cushion.
love the ease of use, color, and cushions very well for my clumsy baby.
i have it guarding edges of my glass tv stand and it works great!
we purchased these edge guards just to be cautious but, once my son became mobile, we were thankful for these edge guards.
our son has clipped his chin, run around corners and hit his head and even bit the sides of the furniture when teething.
what a great baby proofing item.
i got this set to edge our stone hearth, and the color is a nice neutral beige/taupe.
the seams blend nicely together where the corners and straight pieces meet, and its discreet and doesn't scream &#34;baby proofing!&#34; highly recommended.
we used these with my first daughter and bought them again for the 2nd.
they stick well and are very helpful with the sharp corners.
this worked perfectly for our fireplace.
it fit snugly and firmly.
the coloring was a nice neutral match as well.
we were able to cover the edge at grandma's house with ease.
cuts easy, tape is sticky and hasn't peeled off.
my daughter has tried to peel off a part, and we just stuck it back on and it's still sticking and working just fine.
provides the right amount of cushion.
the table was a little larger but cutting it to leave a 1" space in the center of each length works great.
the triplets climb all over the living and always come back to the table to play.
it looks good and you don't even notice its there.
stays fine.
my son even tried chewing on it w his new sharp teeth.
i used this table edge and corner guard to edge a window in my son's playroom.
this works well.
my son is a pretty good listener, and i kept telling him not to touch or pull the foam off, it was there for a reason, and it is still there two months later.
this edge guard is very easy to put on and sticks very well.
its very soft as well.
i put this on my coffee table and it works great.
there is a raised seat and we used two of the corners and covered the edges.
our fire place is tile and the color blends in well!
easy to put up, takes a bit of time, but overall fairly easy!
we use this on the bottom edge of our coffee table because the baby loves to crawl underneath and then he hits his head on the way out.
it does the job!
this stuff works great for baby proofing.
have had it on our coffee tables and other sharp edges for over a year.
still in place and working.
has saved my son from some nasty bumps and bruises many times.
totally worth it.
i bought two sets of these and they are working perfectly!
they come with 3m adhesive tape and attach securely.
when i googled some babyproofing options for coffee tables i read a lot of stories about some really gory coffee table accidents so i do think this is worth it even if they aren't the most attractive thing in the world!
the foam is thick and durable!
it has stayed in place for the most part.
i bought this for multiple purposes and it worked perfectly for all.
overall, definitely worth the price.-corner pieces used separately on corners of tables without the longer strips:  this doesn't look great but compared to the other clear plastic or silicone corner pieces i have much greater piece of mind with these.
i covered a large coffee table for around $3 and some blue painters tape.
i ordered 2 packages in order to cover the appropriate circumference of 1 coffee table and the front edges of two end tables.
these provide protection for our daughter on the coffee table.
but once on it wont come off easily even by a prying little hand it take quite a effort.if you use the adhesive on the edge of the guard that makes sure kids cant take of easily.
thank you
works great.
this blends well with our coffee table and kept my little one safe.
you know when you're child free and buy great furniture?
you can't fathom the day when you'll have to apply foam to your beautiful wood table so your child doesn't go head first into the sharp corner?
those days are now a distant memory and you bite the bullet and apply a foam guard.
these work for small corner surfaces.
works good for coffee tables.
lots of cusion and sticks well.
thank you!
these have a nice amount of cushioning to protect my 9 month old daughter as she &#34;cruises&#34; around our coffee table.
it is difficult to get them to stay adhered without putting adhesive tape on both sides.
once i put it on both sides, it works much better.
so, we have small gaps between the pieces which aesthetically isn't great, but it still protects my daughter.
i accidentally ordered 2 packs and in brown but i like it anyway.
just gives me peace of mind to now that if my daughter should bump into a table corner the blow will be cusioned
clean your coffee table or whatever well for the sticky to stick especially on a round glass table top.
protects the kiddo's noggin pretty well!
i have tried tons of different bumpers and my favorite is prince lionheart, it is easy to apply and is nice looking as well.
these bumpers work well on our wooden coffee table.
the corners fit better, and the tape works a lot better.
it is easy to apply to furniture and it remains in place.
i highly recommend it.
this comes highly recommended in my family.
my brother used these for my nephews and keeps them on things because his niece (my daughter) is now toddling about.
this is often the difference between a quizzical look and a meltdown.
it&#699;s easy to apply to the inside of the guards and easy to attach to the corners and surfaces that you want to use.
for us we have an extremely sharp edge in our shower and baby crawls around so we didn&#699;t want him to slip and fall on the edge.
we put the guard on the edge and it stays even though it gets wet every day as we shower.
hopefully there&#699;s no bpa in it because it&#699;s constantly in my son&#699;s mouth!
it has been one month and the included adhesive tape is working very well.
we loved its quality and baby proofed our entire living room with it!
this edge guard worked out pretty well for our needs.
overall a good investment.
these are very basic.
one to use, while the other is washing!
i love how soft and cuddly this changing pad cover is.
now, keep in mind that we use disposable "chucks" (those blue hospital disposable under pads) on top of this terry cloth changing pad.
this works well with the contour changing pad.
it works even better if you cut the straps off the changing pad.
you're right there with baby, anyway.
i am so pleased that the contoured changing table pad has so many choices in color for its cover!
i purchased the lilac, and a white cover and they both go well with my nursery decor.
i only wish i got more that two!these terrycloth covers are thick, absorbant and easy on my newborn's skin.
didn't even use it once!
very convenient - i have a one year old and i babysit a one year old.
it handles well.
brand) which are two different heights.
love!
if they stayed connected it would be perfect.
i have twins and have 4 strollers but sometimes travelling it is nice to travel a little lighter and use umbrella strollers.
these are easy to put on and take off.
they work well to connect two umbrella strollers.
i use a combination of these for the top connection and a different brand for the bottom that are adjustable since my stroller bars are wider at the base and i connect in 4 places instead of 3 for a sturdier connection.
i was a bit hesitant to buy this booster, although it came highly recommended.
it has been used by my 3.5 year old and his 2 year old brother.
both of them love it.
it doesn't slide around on the chair, and it is so easy to clean.
i also like that it is easy to take along if we're headed to grandma's house.
this is a great booster and is effective for it's job--but there are a few things that could make it an even better seat.
i can't use this booster in my home because it is made out of a rubber substance that my kids love to pull apart!!
my young toddler likes to bite and take chunks out of the booster seat.
if you have an aggressive chewer in the house, you may want to think about this--this material is highly attractive to chewers!
also, the seat does not come equipped with straps.
the cooshie booster is a good booster seat for toddlers when used in the right conditions.
however, my wife and i are yet to experience the miraculous calming effects at the dinner table that so many other reviews have mentioned.the booster is made from one solid piece soft foam material.
if anything, our son is frustrated by the booster because its size prevents him from climbing into his chair unassisted.
because he's in the toddler independence phase, he'd often rather climb into another chair by himself rather than be lifted into the booster.so, the booster does a great job of providing a simple-to-use and easy-to-maintain solution at home, but if you take your little one out frequently, a more portable options would suit you better.pros*  stable, soft foam stays in place without marking chairs*  very easy to clean with one-piece constructioncons*  bulky on the go*  will frustrate toddlers who like to climb into their own chair
after tiring of wiping up trays that didn't stay put, straps that couldn't be cleaned completely and levers that didn't operate easily, we tossed our high chair and booster seats for this absolutely wonderful little seat.
)your child will love the comfy feel, the secure bottom and the colors!
tot-loc, first years 4 in 1 feeding seat, and first years folding booster...all great products by the way)  she really just wanted to sit at the kitchen and dining room table like a big girl, and she didn't want to sit in the baby seats that allow you to convert them to big kid boosters by removing the trays.
well our daughter absolutely loves this and is so proud of her upgrade from highchair to big kid comfy booster.
best of all, the seat brings her to the perfect height at our table (much better fit than the hard plastic boosters) and she appears to be much more comfortable (not to mention our once picky eater is now happily eating everything she sees now).
also, the travel case this booster comes with is a nice touch, and it has room to pack a bib or small snack as well as the booster.
this is the best booster seat.
it "grips" easily to chairs and does not slide.
we use it in our captains chairs and our son is great in it!
my nephew has had one for two years or more now and it is still in excellent condition.
it is soft and comfy.
it may seem pricey for a booster but it is definitely worth it.
it travels easy and wipes clean in a heartbeat.
grandma even bought one to keep at her house for all the kids!
definitely a must have!
this chair is great, but i dont see anything miraculous going on.pros-* very comfortable, my son always says everything should be like cooshie* all one solid piece of foam, bo creveces to get food stuck in* it doesnt slip due to the material, a plus for a wiggly toddler* sits him up high enough to eat* can be easily taken off, no straps and all that stuff* cute color, not bright and pastely* very light weightcons-* is not at all portable, i dont know about you but i wouldnt want to "travel" with something the size of a large platter everywhere!
i like it and i am glad i chose it but i dont really understand the amazing changes in children with a booster (not that i am denying the fact that those reviews are true) i just dont see how this cooshie could do it.
the older toddler hopefully is also well-trained enough to know not to jump around in the seat because it's not attached to the adult chair.
we love this booster.
it cleans extremely easily, holds him securely, and works better than i could have expected.
i love these.
my guys ripped them off the sides of the tables the second we put them up.
they came in a light brown.
i ordered these for our coffee table corners.
we have a lot of items to baby-proof, these seem very soft and durable, i am sure i will find corners that can use them.
i just put these on some sharp corners in my house and they are great.
when a baby gets to the crawling stage, your life changes.
table corners are just one of those places that must be protected and this little gadget does so very well.
i put this on the corners of my brick fireplace and sticks well.
my one year old son tried pulling on it once and without success and never tried again.
they are large with good cushion and will do its job.
the adhesive is strong enough and after 3 months, they are still there on all three corners.
being able to change the music our son listens to every nite is such a nice option - and we don't have to listen to the same lullaby's all the time (if at all).the light is dim, but as a few others noted, who wants a bright light?
*the timer function if great.
*as far as the cd's ckipping when hit, i solved that by sliding a piece of foam between the play and the rails of the crib.
***it is not perfect but it does the trick!
***
this item is not top quality.
first off the cover does not open without popping off the hinge and needing to be reattached, the batteries only lasted through two cd's, the volume doesn't get very high, and it doesn't even fit on the side of our crib.
i love my cd player.
for such an expensive item the quality is very poor.we ended up ordering the fisher price tape player online and it is really wonderful.
we love it- buy it instead, better quality and cheaper!
i bought this for our son when he was born 3 years ago.
i loved it at first.
we have been using this seat for about 6 months with our toddler boy.
i love how it attaches to the seat easily and securely.
once it's on, it doesn't budge, but it removes easily.
even with him holding his private part down with his finger.
we've tried several different potty seats and this is the best by far:1)  fairly easy to clean, integrated design.
this seat positively sits on the toilet, and my son is comfortable on it for even long periods of timewe tried the soft plastic ones, and ironically he complained a lot more about those being uncomfortable than this one.
highly recommended!
we have two of these and love them.
we have a boy and the front of the seat is high so it keeps the pee in the toilet for the most part.
would highly recommend this!
fits on most seats with minor adjustment.
once set it is one hand operation especially for the times when you are running with the kid in one hand.
this one came up first as it has the most reviews, and it does for a reason.
this seat works, period.
i have to finagle it a little, but it fits and is very secure so thats a win in my book.side note: grandma owns the fischer price froggy potty which works perfectly, so if you are also thinking about getting a little chair, i highly recommend it.
fits perfectly on our toilet and is easy for our 23-month-old daughter to sit on securely.
unfortunately we changed our toilet seat/lid combo to one of those slow close plastic ones that has the removable hinges for easy cleaning, and the baby bjorn training seat doesn't fit it.
also, after about three years (and a couple of kids) the black rubber handle on the back started to break, but i consider that minor wear and tear.
it safe and looks nice.
after the great reviews and was actually recommended to me by my sister, it just doesn't work for our daughter.
we have a folding potty seat that we bring with us for travelling.
the bjorn toilet trainer is definitely more contoured to little peoples' bodies, which is great, but we still found it to be pretty messy.it fits our toilet great- it doesn't slip at all.
it's easier for my son to sit down and stand up (with the help of a stool.)
if you buy this seat (at least, for a boy), keep some wipes handy to keep your toilet seat clean for others to use!
i bought babybj&ouml;rn toilet trainer to potty train my son.
he likes using it, and the splash guard in the front works.
there is an adjustment wheel located at the back of the seat by the handle to adjust the toile trainer to the size of the regular toilet seat.
great seat.
i first sat my baby on this when she was about 9 months old, and we've reduced the number of diapers significantly, with very rare #2 diapers, woohoo!!!
we have a toto brand toilet and the seat is very deep and contoured so the lock on the bjorn didn't work at all on our toilet seat, but because it also has a grippy bottom and is quite large, it fits great anyway.
definately worth the extra money, great design!
looks nice.
cleans easy.
the best!
i love this seat.
the kids say it's comfortable and it adjusts to fit the seat.
which is great, since we actually have a round seat in one bathroom and an oval one in the other.
i keep this one in the main bathroom, since it's the favorite.
definitely recommend this to anyone who has smaller butts (you know, children) in the house.
good toddler toilet seat.
now that she's nearing the two-and-a-half year mark, we decided to buy a toilet trainer seat to see if that would get her more engaged in the potty training process.
as an added bonus, this toilet trainer seat is fully adjustable to fit practically any size toilet seat.
we have oval-shaped, elongated toilet seats in our home, and the babybjorn potty seat fits them perfectly.
there's a handy loop at the back of the seat so that you can hang it nearby for easy storage.
on a hunch, i tried thearm & hammer secure comfort potty seat, colors may vary, which is one of the few polypropylene potty seats that has handles.
the shandle is a handle that sticks to the underside of your toilet seat with a strong, moisture-proof adhesive strip.
it's intended to help little boys avoid touching the germy toilet seat by providing a more sanitary grab-handle for lifting and lowering the seat.
it doesn't hurt that the shandle comes in a variety of kid-friendly designs such as dinosaurs, martians and robots, which makes them attractive to toddlers.
(it also comes in elegant fashion prints and plain white, for those who prefer their bathrooms to have a more adult look).
our daughter isn't yet fully potty-trained, but now she's comfortable enough to pee in the toilet while using her babybjorn potty seat, and she looks forward to using the "big potty."
it was the perfect solution for us.grade: a- (1 star deducted because the babybjorn toilet trainer doesn't have built-in handles).
this is a fantastic seat for these reasons:1.
easy to clean!3.
easily removeable for adult use of toilet.7.
this item is very simple to install and the white plastic makes it very easy to clean.
this seat has worked very well for our 25-month-old boy.
very easy to use and clean, and also easy to remove and replace to allow adults to use the toilet.
one caution: the splash guard in front will not always catch everything, especially if our son is not sitting centered and aligned with it, or if he moves around.
i still think this seat is very much worth buying.
with this training seat she fit perfectly and her fear was over.
while this doesn't 100% fit/lock in.
it does stay in place and is very comfortable for my son.
it's comfortable, reliable and easy to clean.
we have two of these toilet trainers: one for upstairs and one for downstairs.
love it!
easy for my two year old boy to use, non-slip, and does not attach to the toilet, so you simply lift it off to use the regular seat.
the raised part in front is great--we don't have any aiming problems with this potty:)
it fits!
this is the first seat you used for potty training.
this is a great seat.
happily we are way past the training.
last but not least, the cleaning was easy, fast and comfortable from the first time on without fear of falling in because it's a perfect size.
our two year old son drinks out of normal glasses, he eats with adult silverware, he never used a pacifier, etc etc.
we bought this so that he could sit comfortably on a normal toilet.this is a lovely, sturdy device, which is very easy to clean and has a convenient hook for hanging on the wall.
what a nice bathroom decoration.
love.
&#34;you have a toilet seat on your wall!
wow!
that's great!&#34; said nobody ever.
it's well made, but come on, it's a potty seat.
your kid sits on it to pee.
anyway, my son is still not really interested in the potty, but that speaks more to his love of pooping in his diaper in whatever hidden corner he can find than the quality of the chair.
it has a nice loop on the top so we can hang it on the toilet with the potty hook and it is adjustable to fit different potty hole sizes.
having our grandson move closer meant i needed to purchase some necessary equipment - and a potty seat is definitely necessary.
this moves two "wings" so that the seat attaches securely to the toilet seat, even if it is an elongated seat.
the seat held firmly in place.the splash guard at the front of the seat is sufficiently high to prevent accidental oversprays.
i hung a light s-shaped hook over the towelbar on the back wall of the bathtub and use it to hold the babybj&ouml;rn toilet trainer after it has been rinsed.if you are looking for a quality potty seat which will fit both standard and elongated toilet seats, you should definitely consider the babybj&ouml;rn toilet trainer.
this seat is awesome, it fits both elongated and normal bowls very snugly.
it does not slip and slide.
it is very easy to clean.
love this thing.
relatively cheap, comes in various colors, has an adjustment knob to 'fit' various toilet sizes, the hooks allows you to hang it (added a tacky hook to bathroom wall) and best of all it doesn't have the creavises other seats have - let me explain.
we've been potty training my son for several weeks now, and he showed signs of being interested in using the big potty.
it was quickly returned, and replaced with this one.this seat is so easy to use - there's a dial that's accessible from the top back to adjust its fit, and it's snug as could be.
works well, but you basically need to also buy the steps that go with it or your kid cannot get on the potty by themselves.. which is the point.
however, after three months of regular use, my 2.5 year old son has no problems with it and it fits nice and snugly on our toto toilets.
we love this seat so much, we ended up getting two...one for each of our bathrooms.
our favorite thing about using this seat is no more cleaning out pee-pee and poo-poo (gets pretty gross when my girl has diarrhea) since it goes right in the toilet!
great seat, fits well on toilet, my son loves it.
comfortable.
great quality.
we also have the baby bjorn potty, so they make great products.
we ordered this seat for our daughter after she liked the one her cousins had.
this is a great little seat.
used this seat for my daughter, and now using it for my son.
the guard is great as long as you teach your son how to sit properly on the seat.
this has been a great seat for us, and it fits both of our toilets securely.
this potty seat is well designed, doesn't rock, and is one piece.
it's adjustable and easily fits the toilet at my son's house and the one at my house.
this potty seat is simple, comfortable and easy to use.
only potty seat we'll use for our kids.
we love it!
seat is made in sweden.
we used it on the road at a hotel, and it fit on the hotel's elongated toilet.
i highly recommend it.
and, best of all, it's relieved her totally valid fears of falling into the big potty, which means a lot less little potty clean-up for us.this is our 3rd potty seat.
so, the absolute best feature of this potty seat is how clean it is, how clean it stays, and how low maintenance it is.
we have one in both our bathrooms, and sent one to my daughter's preschool, so it fits large toilets as well.despite the higher price, this is an item that will last a long time and function as expected.
fits on larger toilet seat.
i don't even need to secure it to the lid, fits perfectly without moving.
easy to clean and lightweight.
transportable if you need to take it places.
it's very comfortable for my big/tall toddler and i feel very safe when she uses it.
i have an oval, enlongated toilet that we use this seat on.
you put it on there and it's not going to slip.the gentle contour of the front splash guard makes it a great seat for both boys and girls to use.
it doesn't get in the way and is still functional.it does what it says and does it well.
very happy with this purchase.
my daughter is almost a year old.
i had started, earlier this summer, putting her on the regular potty when i noticed her struggling with a #2.
it is perfect!
fits our toilet seat very without sliding and no space left on sides.
suitable for boy or girl.
this potty works just as described and has been very easy to use.
i bought one of these potties for my 18 month old and it is fantastic!
would definitely recommend!
i have a very large (and very precocious) 18 month boy who is doing great with this!
super portable (but easier to have one on each floor!
very comfy, and no spraying or damaged boy parts- spray guard works great.
bought two based on a lot of the good reviews, one for our upstairs and downstairs bathrooms.
the splash guard can hurt your son.
also the splash guard doesn't work to keep the pee from shooting out from under the seat.
make sure you read the other reviews about boys and this potty seat.
this potty seat has discourage our son from wanting to use the potty.
my daughter loves them and it gives her the perfect amount of comfort and support during potty training.
[updated]this is one of two potty seats we use in the house with our huge 3 year old son (45 pounds, 42" tall).the seat is well constructed, and has some nice features.
in particular, it has two braces which can be moved by turning a dial accessible while the seat is on the toilet, to make the potty seat tightly held in the toilet seat, and therefore stable.
that's nice.the plastic is smooth and easy to clean.
originally i thought this was because of the potty seat design.the front splash guard is raised to keep the child from missing the potty entirely, which is great.
3 stars for hygeine and spraying my son with his own pee.
this potty seat's front piece extends further down than a travel potty seat, for example, which is good.
in this potty seat, there's sprayback, but in a travel potty seat, the pee can actually shoot under the toilet seat and above the toilet, at the hapless parent foolish enough to stand in front of the boy.
bumping the star rating from 3 to 4 to reflect this.
i'd still like a miracle solution, if anyone knows one!
the price is awesome.
my girl covered it in lifelike bug stickers which is just funny when company comes.
this is perfect.
it adjusts very easily to any bowl, is firm and steady when it attaches, pops on and off in a second.
my son used this when we transition from the potty chair to the toilet.
this helped him tremendously and made the toilet more comfortable.
although the adjuster to fit on our oval toilet doesn't work on it, it doesn't matter because it has a rubber edge that keeps it in place easily, for all 3 of my triplets, and they're all different sizes.
my little one has tried a few different toilet trainers, and this one by far is the best.
it's ergonomically designed to allow for a comfortable set as well as preventing over shooting with the front elevated part.
don't get me wrong, our bjorn trainer is a keeper- has a great seal, extra pee guard in the front, adjustable fit, and the handle makes for easy storage and cleanup.
but, when it comes to toilet seats for training...let's be honest...you can find a cheaper one that does the job.
the one seat that did end up staying in our house seemed great at first, but i later discovered that there were gaps on the bottle of the seat that captured urine and required constant cleaning.
?this is the best potty seat i purchased.
everything that i've complained about in the previous potty seats is addressed with the baby bjorn - it works fantastically!
highly highly recommended.
these seats are great for potty trainers or small kids.
for some reason she will not use the stand alone at all.
i love that it fits in my (formerly) diaper bag, so she always has a clean toilet seat, even while travelling.
fits all three of our toilets perfectly and very comfortable for our child.
and i can't believe it has such great reviews.
great seat!
this is our second one in 4 years and two kids!
the first one had the handle crack.i bought a different potty seat to replace this one initially and it was sent back quickly in favor of this seat!there is a dial that turns to adjust two plastic pieces that sizes it for your toilet.my son is 3 and he knows how to use the potty all by himself.
there is no leakage between the seat and the toilet seat and the guard works well.i fully expect that my daughter will be able to use this seat when she is ready to potty train.
using the wheel to adjust this for a snug fit on our toilet seats was very easy, very pleased with this seat, it seems very comfortable for our 21 month old.
i have a potty chair for my son but want him to have the option of using the big potty on a regular basis as soon as possible, so i am fitting each toilet in our house with one of these.
we had a different brand one before buying this seat and it pinched my sons private parts.
this seat is all one piece and is easy for my son to put on and take off the potty.
it has a wheel that adjust so it can fit in different size toilets.
it has a convenient handle for carrying and hanging and is super easy to clean.you can not go wrong with this seat!!
looks nice, cleans well, travels well, stays put.
it's perfect for my 3 year old.
i evem tried cutting it off, but it still doesnt help.
kept the price reasonable.
very happy.
i'm sure this is a good toilet seat.
my daughter refused (still refuses) to use this b/c the elevated curve of the seat for some reason scares her off.
my son just turned 2 and is small for his age and he fits perfectly on this seat.
what i also love about the seat is that it doesn't move once you get it on the toilet.
this is a great adapter for a normal adult seat.
and it is not easy to store in that it is wide at the top.
overall, though great from potty training your little to use a big toilet versus the potty seats.
this is not offensive to look at, it stays put on the toilet and the splashguard works beautifully.
its very easy to clean because it's all one piece and my son feels very comfortable sitting on this one without pinching his thighs or feeling like he may tip to the side.
it is very comfortable for her as well as easy for her to put on the potty herself which is important to her.
love the company but this trainer does not fit a round toilet and seat.
(we have a toto with a bemis seat.)
it's simple to clean and fits well.
we really love this toilet trainer.
our potty training days are over for the time being, but this was great!
great design--we haven't actually used it yet, but i like how it fits on the toilet seat.
but we can use it on the changing table, so it's easier for us.
;) we're getting ready to use it for boy #2 and it still looks new.
also i've noticed that though she's a girl it's still helpful that this unit has a splash guard on it.
we have now bought 3, count them 3, different potty scenarios for our 2-year-old, and this is by far the best.
stays on snugly, prevents leaks well, easy to clean.
(it goes away, just don't like seeing that)
this toilet seat works great.
nice design, fits easily on toilet.
when our son was 3 he was able to attach and remove it on his own with no issues.
easy to clean.
you must buy a stool with it but otherwise great
my son it doing well with this seat, no little potty, staight to this seat.
fits on the toliet really snug
love this seat!
well designed to adjust to many different sizes of toilets.
super easy to clean after each use.
just rinse with warm water and let air dry.
stores away easily.
love it!
i am embarrassed to admit how happy i am about this potty seat.
my daughter is able to get it herself and place it on herself.
my daughter loves this seat.
worth every penny!
purchased 2 of these, one for myself at my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law at theirs, as they are in the process of potty training our grandson.
i also purchased the stool and potty book...and am ready whenever my kiddies are.
highly recommend this seat as it very well made.
my son is 3 years old and i potty trained him in 1 day.
it took a day of "accidents", but it was well worth it.
this toilet seat is versatile and you can take it along anywhere you go!
the kids love that they have their own seat that is so comfortable.
baby bjorn products are always well-made and well suite for the their particular purpose and this one proves that.
it gives me peace of mind knowing that my little ones can use it easily without fear of them slipping off of it or the seat falling into the bowl.
great potty seat!
we'd much rather her to her business on a real potty than the plastic baby bjorn potties that we also have.this device is simply fantastic.
well priced, well made, and very functional.
i love the dial on the back that makes it really secure on any shape seat.
it doesn't shift side to side and feels like an extension of the real toilet seat because of how secure it stays in place.
if you've ever had a kid fall into the toilet you know important that feature is!
it's worth the extra $10 you'll pay for it over the cheaper ones!
the dial in back made for a snug fit.
this seat is very easy to install and fits securely.
we have a standard size and shape toilet seat.
yet, this potty seat fits the seat in an awkward manner, causing pee to leak both on top and under the front of the toilet seat.
my son prefers to use this seat instead of the small stand alone potties.
its dimensions are perfect and he can sit without any danger of falling in or feeling off balance.
hopefully she will grow into this one.
seat works well, adjustable & fits our toilet well (standard seat).
he can carry it by the little rubber handle and (with some help) put it on the seat.
it fits nice and snug on top of the toilet seat with no rocking or tipping, and my son sits on it quite well with no danger of falling in or off it (he's almost 2 but he's big for his age).
it's made of the same durable material as the seat that came with our white toilet so it matches perfectly, and it's easy to clean.
easy to install, comfortable for my son to sit on and has a very useful splash guard.
the seat blends in very well with the bathroom and can be easily hung when not in use.
would highly recommend.
these are just great.
my son sits comfortably on them.
baby bjorn delivers great quality as always.
though this is a nice sturdy potty seat and would probably be perfect for girls or larger boys, it did not work for me.
it snaps into the opening of a standard flip seat of an adult toilet, allowing a small child to seat on the toilet without falling in.
thus even after the child is &#34;trained,&#34; the seat is useful.
works great!
easily get a tight fit to the toilet seat and remove for adults in just seconds.
i bought it based on so many great reviews.
the description says "adjusts easily and sits firmly in place"...well, it does not.
it slides right out of the existing seat.
also, easy to clean.
i also like the look of it; simple and clean.
i was horrified to hear that some boys actually pulled their skin open and needed stitches.
there are two seats in one so both children and adults can use it.
and prevents my daughter of falling into the toilet.
our daughter also likes that this helps her use the same potties mama and daddy use.
my son loves it!i bought 4 different brands for him to try out and this is the best one!perfect shape, perfect comfort, perfect size for a 4 yr old.
easy to install.
i bought one for each toilet that they use and it's worth the $, no question!
this lid is great for my petite 3 year old to use.
it has the nice guard in front to help minimize over shoot.
it is strong, sturdy, easy to clean.
it is great how it adjusts to fit snugly with my lid underneath.
worth the extra money.
i keep this toilet seat in my son's bathroom along with the bjorn step stool.
my son loves using the potty with this seat!
the simple design makes it easy to clean and use.
i also took a plastic over the door towel hook and hung it from under the tank of our toilet (on the side).
this works perfectly to hang the seat by its plastic handle when not in use.
this potty seat fits very nicely on our elongated toilet seats.
the adjustable fitting makes it nice and snug so the kids don't wiggle at all on the seat.
we are just beginning to potty train so it hasn't had much actual use yet and i can't speak to how well it works otherwise.
this seat fits my toilet beautifully and only wished i bought it from the get go.
nice quality seat, smooth and easy to clean, and fits my elongated toilet seat perfectly (due to the adjustability of the seat).
most importantly, my son is very comfortable using it and no longer fears the seat moving on him and now is getting on and off the potty by himself.
worth every penny in my book!
i realised that it wasn't much fun cleaning the potty so decided to give this toilet seat a go and it's been working great for us.
my daughter is happy seating on it, it's small enough for her and it's very easy to install, put on and take off.
i am returning it and hoping for better luck with the replacement.other than that, my daughter loves this.
she's 18 mo old, 21 lbs, and fit it quite well.
i tried a few different seats and nothing fit my oval shaped toto seats well.the adjusters in this allow it to fit the seat perfectly.
it's sturdy, and easy to clean.
my son started using this potty at 6 months.
the potty has a great splash gard, and appears to be shaped to help my son go.
i ordered this for use while visiting my parents.
he's about 27 pounds age 21 months.get some of those disinfectant wipes and clean it out each time and you're good.
)fits in a small space in my small bathroom without an issue.
we keep our little potty in the minivan for those unexpected road trip emergencies.
this potty is great.
higher for sure, and actually easier to dump since it has an insert.
its easy to dump it into the toilet and rinse in the bathroom sink (the one we don't use, hah).
my son's little, petite bum fits great on this potty.
the price was well worth it!
i like the simplicity of the chair, its easy to grab and use when an any room and clean is really easy.
i use it with my 9 month old twin girls when i catch them.
we keep this potty in our car and it's been great!
i'm not sure how other parents bridge the gap of potty-training while away from the house, but this works perfectly for us!!
in fact, we're taking her on a plane for the first time in a couple months and plan on taking this potty in our carry-on.
great size for a baby but the bottom can slip on a smooth floor.
it's a nice small size (for infants) and easy to use and clean.
!frank
we have one of the larger baby bjorn potties for each of our girls, 3 years and 20 months.
it's reasonably priced, and the perfect size for a child under 2 years who is learning to use the potty or just has potty curiousity after watching an older sibling use the potty.
since we don't really plan on making it the long-term potty, and more just a trainer, this isn't such a big deal.so, if you're looking for a small potty for a younger child that will temporarily suit them perfectly, look no further.
a nice bonus is how little space this potty takes up!
just be prepared for a little extra work in the clean-up department, and a new potty or seat adapter somewhere between the age of two and three, as this potty will surely be outgrown early on.
yes, it is small.
if you are in that category you'd want to look at one of the larger bjorn potties.however, if you are ecing a baby or working on potty training with a younger/smaller toddler, this potty is great.
their feet will touch the ground and it's easy for them to sit on.
for myself i love the simple, one-piece design.
we have used 3 different potties over the years with our children and this is my favorite.
the back has a knotch cut out for easy carrying.
we used this chair starting when my daughter was around 8 months old and it was the perfect fit for her.
it was comfortable (or so it seemed) and easy to keep clean!she is 18 months now and we still use it often every day and we have more than gotten our money's worth - but i think she is getting a bit big for it now.
i am eyeing moving up to the regular size bjorn potty seat, which i hope will be a little more comfortable for her height.
we started with this potty when my son was around 6 months.
he's 3 now and still uses it, although he's opting for the potty seat more often.
easy to take on the go.
this potty beats the one i used for my first two boys by a land slide!
the ones with the take out pot some how always get urine under them.
i love how easy this is to clean.
to date, we have purchased 4 of these potties for our petite 14 month old daughter (upstairs, downstairs, both parents' cars), when we wanted to start to introduce toileting in a natural way.
we have now successfully integrated it into our diaper-changing routine, and she fits nicely.
i like that it is all one piece, making it super easy to clean.
this is perfect for my 20 month old.
my daughter is small for her age and it fits her perfectly.
she is relaxed on this and that makes all of the difference.
it is perfect for us, but be aware it is small.
we love it, baby loves it, washes easy, good price, free shipping when bought from amazon!
great size for ec babies!
perfect little potty, i'm using for ec with my 3month old and it is working beautifully, easy to grab nice neat compact size and just great to have around!
the lip is especially great for little boys.
:)plus, it's light and easily transportable.i love it that baby bjorn has recognized the need for a smaller potty for the ecing crowd or those with smaller children wanting to use the potty.
this is the best potty.
it stays really clean because it's just one piece of shaped plastic.
also the splash guard is important, even for girls.
also it's light and easy to take to the beach or wherever we go.
love this potty.
i highly recommend this potty.
i can definitely recommend it.
the potty is a perfect size for a young child/baby who is beginning to use the potty.
the one piece design is great for cleaning.
if you are considering trying ec...don't hesitate you will be shocked how readily young children will indicate they need to potty and will use the potty consistently.
it looks incredibly comfortable and my little lady is very tall for her age.
we all love it!
we have been using this potty for our 2 1/2 month old (yes, you read that correctly) for a few weeks now.
this potty has been a wonderful solution to that problem.it's definitely small, but since my baby is a particularly petite baby to begin with, i reckon she'll probably be close to completely potty trained before she outgrows this.
for that reason, i still prefer the size and shape of the baby bjorn potty.
the price was definitely a plus as well.
she is 2 1/2 years old, at 29 lbs and 34 inches and is on her way to becoming fully potty trained.
it is so easy to clean & take to work with me, & fits him great!
very simple, very economical and it fits small babies.
we started poty traning our son at 5 months and he loves to be on the poty.
the splashguard protects well.
it is easy to clean - overall full satisfaction!
we're practicing elimination communication and these potties are the perfect size for infants!
i love that there aren't any extra bells and whistles to get in the way of easy clean up.we have one in blue and one in yellow.
i'm sure amazon would have accepted it as a return, but what new parent has the time for that?
our son has been using it to go to the bathroom (so far just pee pees :) ) for several months and loves it.
in contrast, he is lukewarm about the other chair.the best things about this chair:1)  simple two piece design means that it is easy to clean.
the bowl lifts out and rinses easily.
not a good thing with a potty2)  built in urine shield (into the bowl) works great and our son loves sitting on it.
we got this one and the summer infant and they're so similar you might as well get the cheaper one.
simple!
love it.
love the high back and the front lift.
very good price
this is a great potty seat and very easy to manage, however the potty disassembles quite easily from the base and does not have a cover.
simple design that:- allows child to sit rather then have to support themselves (important esp when they start potty training at an earlier age)- the entire seat area comes off so it's easy to clean and dump into toilet and rinse- comes in many colors to suit your liking- bottom has a rubber gasket surrounding the entire outside lip so that it creates good traction- durable and so no worry about breaking this when a child is breaking or when you are moving it a lot
this is a great product.
it's easy to clean b/c it only has one part.
and it has that nice rubber ring on the bottom to prevent slides.
this is my second potty purchase and i truly wished it had been my first.
my first was the fisher price fun to learn potty, which costs about $5 more and is shaped like a regular toilet with the pretend flush handle.
i highly recommend getting this and forget about the bells and whistles of the fisher price model.
this potty is simple, tough, and great for a boy.
it's not safe for your child to independently seat themselves without some help.
my boy is a big boy and it fits him perfect!
his feet hit the floor perfectly too and great height for him.
somehow won't tip.. nicely engineered!
i'm grateful i finally caved and bought this.
this smaller kid friendly toilet makes potty training a more manageable task for kids.
in the same aspect, i got this chair just to make sure my son sits on the potty chair when parents use the bathroom and it worked very well.
he has one of his squirty friends or a book in his hands to keep him happy.
pooping, we have not started yet, but so far it has been easy to clean and the splash guard does work great, remove the inner seat and wash it in warm water, and its even sanitized!its been about a month since i got the first potty and here i am ready to buy my second one for the bathroom on the first floor.
we used this through two kids and while they both only used it for a short period of time it was very easy to use and clean.
we didn't use bells and whistles.
we used this for both of our boys and am glad to say they are now successfully trained.
it is easy to clean.
it is stable.
it is easy to move around the house and most importantly she likes it.
the pink color is great!
motivated my very girlie 2 year old to want to start using the potty!
easy to clean, easy on my son's bottom.
this looks great in our small guest bathroom by my son's sticker chart, wee pod basix and potty book.
shes peed in it a couple times, now.
the center "potty bowl" removes easily and doesnt force you to touch anywhere the pee has touched since it has a "lip" to grab up under the front "horn" of the bowl.
very, very easy to use.
but thats just a learning curve of whats "yucky" and shouldnt be touched.
with five young children in our home, we have two of these baby bjorn potties.
with constant use (and abuse) they still look brand new!
my kids love the bright colors which make potty training easier :) well worth the money!!
it is very steady, and super easy to keep clean -- you just take out the inner compartment and wash it out.
we are very happy with the decision to go with this model.
i bought this one because it had great reviews and was simple and easy to clean.
what she means is that her feet are tingling and going to sleep.
it also leaves her with a red ring around her butt.
we've tried a number of potties for kids, and this is by far the best brand and design.
we have one in each bathroom, and when my son was learning, we kept one in his bedroom as well.
some potties have cushions and other moving parts, making it really complicated to disassemble for emptying.
the insert can be removed and held in your lap -- used as a top hat potty -- until your child is old enough to sit freely on the potty.i absolutely love these potties because they are so practical, simple to use, and child friendly.
it has a solid back if he leans back, and a little lip so he won't pee right at you.
our boy started potty training around 15 months, and this high back was great for him at that young age, plus it is very easy to clean and fits his small tush (he is only 25 lbs).
bought for our 30 month old grandson.
.he sits and holds a few toys while &#34;making&#34;..it cleans up very well..no issues..i should get 2 more
we havent learned yet to use on it but i love the color and looks nice in the rest room and
i understand that boys need a splash guard, but there's little chance that this bright-pink potty will be purchased for a boy.
and at least our little girl finds the splash guard uncomfortable, because she has to straddle it.
i can't speak for how it works for a boy, but it seemed to be really comfortable for our daughter.
while reasonably inexpensive and cute, the design did not work well for us.
it worked brilliantly for us.
has great support.
easy clean up and very durable.
this is a great potty.
the inner liner lifts off and is easy to wipe clean with a disinfectant cloth.
the base is very solid and sturdy and doesn't move at all.
it also looks comfortable with the arm rests.
he seems very happy and will even sit in it to read a book.
we also have the blue potty as well and love them both.
we have 1 upstairs and 1 downstairs for our 2 yr old son who is potty trained..i love how high up the lip is on this potty, thus preventing any addicents.
very easy to clean as well and no leaking noted.
we researched plenty of potty seats and found this to be the best for boys.
the high back and sturdy base make this chair perfect for little ones just getting the hang of using the potty.
be aware that with a boy the splash guard might not catch all the pee, but you can help him learn how to sit correctly and then it doesn't happen!
this potty is just great.
it's really well made and very sturdy.
one of the most useful items i bought for the baby!
my two-year-old daughter loves this potty chair and prefers it over her prince lionheart potty chair.
the chair itself is very sturdy and extremely easy to clean.
i love that it is ergonomic and that there is a "high back."
we got this chair for our son to learn to use the potty.
its sturdy and comfortable for him which is great.
we all are so happy we did!
it's a perfect potty chair.
it's very simple in design.
it has a wonderful pee guard for my boy and he never gets the pee on the floor.
he actually sits back a bit and watchs himself pee.
i just love this potty for the ease of cleaning it.
its very comfortable and easy for him to use on his own.
love this potty and we will be using it again with our second boy due in a few months.
also, it arrived in one day.
i think the price was favorable and feel great about the purchase of these two potty chairs.they're right now in the early stages of learning.
love it!
i wish i would've had it for my first son and just got a separate step stool.
they both can use it very easily, they don't have to take their bottoms off all the way.
it's so easy to clean.
it's so light and portable.
it is easy to clean, my daughter uses it, and it has held up well so far.
this a nicely molded piece of plastic- simple, no sharp edges.
just the right size.
our son started sitting on it for pracice at 11 mo.
this is a great potty chair.
we have a frog potty in our upstairs bathroom and my daughter complains that it hurts her bum.
this is her favorite and she says it is comfy.
it's the perfect size and easy to dump and clean after each use.
awesome!!!!
my son who is 40lbs and only 2 years old can't fit onto any other seat.
plus this one is soooo  great for boys, there is plenty of space and the guard in front makes it really easy!!!
i love it!!!
the high back is nice for my daughter because she can read her favorite book and lean back.
having gone through the search of a good one with my first child, i found this and bought 2.
it's simple to clean, you take out the wipe potty part by hooking some fingers to the front and dump the contents into the toilet.
rinse it and you're ready to go.
it was great fun to stand like daddy, and it even had a water tank so that it could be "flushed" like a real potty.
after reading the positive reviews, i decided upon the baby bjorn potty chair, allowed my son to be involved by selecting a color (blue)...and couldn't be happier with our choice!my son has been excited about his new blue baby bjorn potty chair since the ups driver brought it to our house, and i am impressed as well.
this potty chair is tall enough that it is comfortable for him to sit upon, there are no separate guards that pinch him, the rubber bottom prevents it from sliding on our floor, it has a back and armrests that help my son stand up after going potty, he can use it by himself, and it's super easy to clean!
i have found that if you pour the liquid out the back of the potty chair insert (where the white bowl curves upward), the liquid does not run down the outside of the container like other potty chairs.overall, while a bit pricey, this is without a doubt the best potty chair we have found for our toddler boy.
our daughter loves using this chair.
it is stable and very easy to clean.
i started potty training my son at about 14 months, and he is short for his age.
the guard in front forces his legs apart a bit and is high enough to catch most of a boy's unpredictable flow.
also wipes clean easily and doesn't retain any stains or odors.
we owned our last blue babybjorn potty for over 10 years.
it survived 4 children.
it is a large potty seat so this will fit a large child.
at grandma and grandpa's house they had the bjorn smart potty, which seemed to work better for him.
i figured the bjorn potties have been working well for us, lets try the top of the line potty chair!and its working great, the bowl rinses easily.
i love this potty chair!my son barely used it, just for the beginning month of his potty training but it had many very nice qualities and i would recommend it highly.the color is pretty and the chair is cute.
it is very stable and wont move around on you or your toddler.the design is simple, which means that clean up is simple as well.
with our first, we had 3 in diapers, giving us major motivation to get him potty trained, so we tried almost every seat out there.
the ones with the removable splash gaurd are not gentle and can scrape a child's sensitive parts.
within a week, he was trained, and began using the "big boy seat", so we saved the seat for our daughter.
now our 23 month old daughter is training.
we bought her this white babybjorn seat for our downstairs bathroom, with the blue upstairs.
she has been "training" for 6 days now, and is almost completely day trained!this seat is by far the best in our experiences.
it is not easy to tip!
kids can choose what color they want!
this was such a big deal to my children --- also, they are solid colors that can look nice with your bathroom.
the surface is also nice that your child can decorate the back with cute stickers if wanted.
it works for children of all different sizes!
my son was 40" and 42lbs when potty training, and my daughter is 25lbs and a little shrimp, and this seat fit them both wonderfully.overall, having tried many seats, this one was the absolute best for both our children, and i would highly reccomend it to anyone in need of a seat for potty training success~!
our three year old son immediately loved this chair (we ordered it in his "favowit" color green).
he is fairly tall for his age but can still sit in it comfortably and it looks like shorter children could as well.
other than that, though, it's lightweight, easy to transport if needed, easy to clean/dump in the toilet and my son loves it.
first time potty training for our 14 months daughter.
this no frills potty chair doesnt look like much, but i really think they did a wonderful job designing it.
its very stable and we dont worry about it tipping over.good value, nice design, and definitely easy to clean.
highly recommended.
this is really useful and simple to use.
she discovered that the seat insert makes a great cowboy hat and is also fun to stand in and push around the house and put her toys inside and underneath it.
i'd suggest starting with the real toilet and a seat to fit on top before buying this.
otherwise, it's a great potty chair!
i think it's well made, a good size and has a nice simple design.
i bought this potty based on the excellent reviews here and for the most part, it delivered.1.
as a test, we got the pink girly version of the summer 3 stage potty trainer and the screaming stopped.i'd recommend taking a look at this thing at a local store before buying.
it's inexpensive (but very well made), super easy to clean, has a very comfortable splash guard for boys and is comfortable (i'm assuming).
can't say enough good about it.from a parent's stand point, it's the best b/c it's soooo easy to clean.
when starting potty training, this seat was the perfect size for my toddler.
works great, son loves it.
works perfect for boys.
great quality.
the high back supports my son so he wont feel like he is falling back
we have been loosely potty training, at my daughter's discretion (self-lead...working beautifully) for a little over 6mos, and recently she has become very independent about it all -- she literally holds up her hand to stop us from following her to the bathroom to use the potty sometimes!
i thought i would give the floor-potty a chance, and got this one.
in the end, i'm happy with my bjorn purchase.
the simple design is easy to clean.
my son is well supported in the ergonomic seat that has a wide base and rubber footings so i don't have to worry about him squirming and tipping over.
so perhaps bojorn should look into tweeking that part of their design.
it has a great "wrap-around" design that is perfect for my 4-month-old who is just getting familiar with the potty.
for those working on infant potty training, i highly recommend this chair.
it's also very easy to clean.
definitely easier than changing a diaper!
this potty is very nice.
i bought this because of the sleek look, high back.
it will work fine.
we love this potty chair (bought one for each bathroom).
the design is simple.
it is comfortable and easy to use.
very portable (we keep it in the back of our vehicle for longer trips).
we also have the babybjorn potty seat which is great as well.
we bought this because my youngest daughter won't train on a potty seat on the toilet, so we thought this might help her transition from diapers.
oh well, it's a big overpriced piece of plastic.
our son is not potty training yet but, he loves to sit on his potty.
lots of great colors to choose from.
simple yet smart design.
our first potty for our daughter had one of those squishy foam-type seats.
it had a huge reservoir, was a pain to dump and clean, and that foam part was always getting dirty and could never be completely cleaned.a friend had a baby bjorn, and seemed happy with it, so we gave it a try.
and best of all, it's so easy to clean.
the reservoir is compact and can be rinsed in a small bathroom sink, but holds plenty.
she's 3.5, and big for her age.
the size of this potty is very versatile, and i think it will last her a good while longer if she needs it to.now my second daughter is getting to the potty-training age (18 months), and we've invested in a second one in her favorite color, yellow (it's actually a lovely shade).
the same potty that can accomodate my preschooler works just as well for my little toddler, and that's a great feature.i have zero complaints about the bjorn potty.
it's absolutely worth the extra money.
this is the only potty i've found that's perfect for boys!
this one is truly the best.
i love the look and it's appears to clean easily, but we haven't used it much to give good feedback.
hopefully when we officially start potty training, it will be fine.
love this potty - it's so easy and comfortable for our son to sit on.
best potty ever!
this potty is super simple to clean which is a big bonus over other potties.
my daughter is 19 months and 24 lbs and this seat is the perfect height for her.
this potty is perfect!
make sure you order &#34;potty&#34; by leslie patricelli- it's the best potty book we've come across and our little one loves it.
love the high back and easily accessible to dump and clean.
the front is skinny enough for him to sit with his feet positioned nicely.
love this potty!
it's white and matches our bathroom nicely...it blends in.
easy to use and clean, simple too.
recommended also by "toddler bargains".
my 2 year old son strongly prefers the pottypod, which he finds much more comfortable.
it is easy to clean and appropriately sized.
also, he usually needs help getting on it.
the big toilet doesn't cheer or play princess music when you pee.
who knows haha.
my son is 50th percentile for weight and height, so pretty average sized for a 2 year old.
as lots of reviewers have mentioned, the height of this potty is great, the handholds on the side are a help, the splash guard is built in so there are no pinching problems there, and the back would be nice except...there is about an inch of space between the edge of the bowl and the back of the seat, so that when my son sits on it, the bowl shifts ever so slightly and his bum gets pinched in the back.
it does the job.
this is the best potty chair in our (me and my toddler) opinion.
easy to clean and super comfortable for her.
plus, since lots of our friends use them, she has &#34;her&#34; potty when we go over.
we are still working on going always on the potty, but she loves the potty itself.
it is very basic and sturdy.
we have two of these - one for upstairs, and one for downstairs.
it's great for our 2.5 year old boy who is learning to use the potty, and easy for us as parents to try to get him to use it.pros:- there's a barrier/guard in the front so he doesn't pee everywhere.
i'm guessing he was around 2.5 years old.it came with 2 pieces: a base and a cup.the base has a wide, stable bottom on it to prevent tipping and a nice back on it.
i love this design.
it is smooth so that it will not scratch tender body parts and it cannot get lost.the cup is removed from the top of the base!
it's rounded corners and pleasing colours are easy to look at.
we started potty training my daughter at 2 and a half.
she sat on it while we were in the bathroom and read her books.
at 2 and a half we ditched diapers and were exclusice to the potty training.she loved this chair because, gross, she loved to pick up the seat and dump the contents in the real potty.
we rinsed the chair out nightly with hot water and i cleaned her potty when we cleaned our bathroom, weekly.
she enjoyed using this potty, but when the time came to move exclusively to the big potty she wasn't sad to see this go.i'm very happy with this purchase and will purchase another one when we potty train my son.
it is easy to clean up and easy for my son to use.
very lightweightas well.
hopefully our stalled potty training will get a jump start down.
love this potty.
large bowl with lip for boys is a  nice feature, no more "flippy" to fish out of the potty bowl.
it's a wonderful simple design that makes it super easy to clean.
we used this potty chair for both of our daughters, who potty trained at about 2.5 years old.
its simple design is absolutely ideal for use and cleaning.
the splash guard molded as part of the bowl is excellent, providing protection as well as not being an impediment to the child sitting down.
the smooth plastic without any real corners or edges makes cleaning effortless.
plus, as an added bonus, it resembles the potty seat depicted in the "once upon a potty" video, so the kids can easily connect the concept to real life.
i highly recommend it, and can't imagine using any other seat!
this is a great training potty for toddlers.
it's easy to clean and i like the light color.
very happy!
we have this in both green and blue for our upstairs and downstairs bathrooms, respectively.
son loves sitting on it and hasn't had any issues at all.
she began using it the first day we brought it home.
perfect size.
she seems comfortable- it is very stable and easy to clean.
my son used this pot for the entire potty training process.
he had one at home and at both grandparents houses.
my 2.5 year old is a big kid, 40 lbs, 38" tall.
the built in splash guard is great!
variety of colors.
my triplets are all different shapes and sizes.
we have a very large boy and has plenty of room for him.
our other son is a bit small for his age and because the pot is oval there is no leg stretching and no "falling in".
it's just the best!
highly recommended!
this potty seat is perfect.
i love the back on this as well as the splash protector in the front.
it's easy and convenient to lift out the white part and pour the pee in the potty.
this is a very nice potty seat.
it's a good size, seems comfortable enough for him, is simple, and is easy to dump out and clean.
we have one babybjorn and 2 summer infants, and they're all great.
i actually slightly prefer the cheaper summer infant.
we love this potty.
it is super easy to clean up and the bright colors are great.
he is about 32 pounds and 36 inches & i'm sure he will be using it at home for a while.
if you are wanting a smaller one, there little potty is great but would not recommend it if you are starting with an older child as it is rather small (my son loved it at 15/16 months and will use it now but i don't think i would buy one that small for an older child).
nice potty is easy to clean and looks alot like the adult potty so helps eliminate confusion.
i like it real well.
she is a smaller child and it fits pretty good.
she likes to run over to the sink and wash her hands when she's done....the step is nice too.babybjorn safe step - white(i got the pink one to match her seat)it stays put and is sturdy.
this is the most comfortable potty chair around!
it is the perfect size for my 2 year old son.
this is the potty i will be buying to put on our 2nd floor.
my son was using it by 15 months.
they are very simple and easy to clean.
great for smaller tots.
the raised back adds support.
this potty works very well for us.
my son likes that it is his size (we also have a potty seat for the toilet which he isn't so into).
like the chair, purchased 2 of them in different colors, good size for tall 21 month old and easy to clean.
i also have the shorter backed version, and they are both good for different reasons.
i love the simple design of this potty and that it only has two parts.
our other potty had several pieces with it and a lot of cracks and crevices.
this potty will grow with her.
it's pretty unobtrusive color wise, but it is kind of large.
there is a band of rubber on the base to keep it from sliding around and it does a good job, but it seems to attract all the dust and hair in the bathroom and they stick to it pretty well, so i have to use a wet rag to rub the stuff off it every couple weeks.
this is light, safe, easy to clean and attractive.
she can easily and safely get on and off it by herself or with help.
it is also easy to clean.
this potty chair is perfect for my daughter as the back is higher up to support her lower back and it doesn't have all the music and sounds to distract her interest in truly trying to go potty.
fit as expected,,my baby love it .this potty chair doesn't come with all the whistles and bells like other potties.
but is the best.
besides, potty training should be as simple and natural as possible, so choose a simple potty.
this is a very sturdy chair with a nice no-slip rubber coating around the bottom edges, and this seems like a chair that will be super easy to clean.
my daughter is not quite ready for this but i am sure this is a great purchase.
it's well made, and doesn't slide on the floor.
i guess nothing is perfect...
i like it but like the smart potty by babybjorn better.
its smaller and more easily stored away.
other than that this one is easy to use as well, inside comes out and outside easy to clean as well.
it's just so big and my son seems to prefer the smart potty as well.
this is my 5th potty chair and so far the best for a boy that i have found.
the splash guards are always too small and they leak ( like our defective thomas potty seat)  so i am happy to have this one as a big improvement.
my son is on the large side he is 34 pounds and 36 inches tall and just turned 2 last month.
it is very comfortable for my 2 1/2 year old.
it is also very easy to keep cleaned up.
its ergonomic design and rubber bottom makes it comfortable and stable, even on carpet.
it looks remarkably similar to a real potty because if its smooth, white finish.
she now loves to sit on the potty and this one appears to be very comfortable for her.in a nutshell, it is simply made, easy to clean and perfect for potty training.
in any case, every time she stood up from this potty chair she also brought a red mark from the circular opening on her bum.
sometimes when she stood up, the white part actually came up with her.
i later bought her that fisher price one with the face and that sings.
it's collecting dust in my hallway closet right now.
this seat is easy to clean, sturdy and a nice color.
we bought a potty that had a face and would play music but my son thought it was a toy.
i love how long and deep the opening is, and how there is no chance for leakage.
when it comes to potties, the simplest design is definitely the best.
even my 2 (almost 3) year old can easily pour in toilet without too many spills.i like the back and the arm rests on the sides.
makes it comfortable for the child, especially when we initially began using the potty.
this is a great little potty chair.
i like the high back, and so does my son as he likes to "lounge" as he uses it.
my son is a big kid (tall, 28 lb, one year old with chubby legs) and this potty fits him perfectly.
it's lightweight and easy to move.
the plastic shroud in the front is great.
honestly, i haven't had any of those issues.
it has a rubber bottom edge so it keeps the potty chair in place.
it has a tall back support and some armrests which is really nice.
my daughter is petite and i'm surprised that she's still kind of tall for this.
i think it's still one of the best potty's out there.
our son loves this potty.
it was delivered quickly, it washes easily, and it is simply wonderful.
highly recommend.
it seems very comfortable for him, and it is easy to clean.
simple design, high back for comfort and easy to clean.
this fits newborns great so if you are starting early, this is the potty to use.
a great tool for parents and kids!
delivered timely, item as described, very nice and well made just as pictured, we are very happy.
i love this potty, we have one upstairs and one downstairs.
my son doesn't mind using it, it is incredibly easy to wash, get one!
this is a great potty.
he loves it and stays put there.
easy to clean.
perfect size for toddler2 parts so no complicated set up (the bowl & seat)no small nooks or crannies that can build up molddurable plasticportableeasy clean upconcan potentially slide easily along floorcan also potentially be flipped over by toddler if not careful
great size, washes well, like the red color.
it is sturdy and doesn't look like it will slide on the floor or accidentally tip over.
it is a good size for a toddler and comes in lots of great colors.
my only complaint is that the inner bowl, while very easy and quick to remove and clean, can be a blessing and a curse: when my daughter sits on it for any length of time, it sticks to her skin, and has almost spilled when she stands up too fast.
other than that, it is great!
i bought this because of the excellent reviews, so i felt it necessary to add my review that is not as positive.my son is 3'3" & 30 pounds.
it's not great to start potty training with a painful experience.
it cleans easily and my son finds it comfortable.
our almost 3 yr old boy prefers the toilet with the babybjorn seat this fits onto toilet seat.
i put the chair in our bathroom across from the toilet and the "potty" book is on a stand next to her potty chair.
she hasn't said any of those words yet.
i was so impressed!about the chair:it's so perfectly simple!
as the description notes, the design is ergonomical and stable.
the chair is high, wide, and well-curved.
my two year old loves this chair.
it fits her well and it's easy for her to get on and off it.
the seat is comfortable for her height and fits her bottom and legs very well.
it's stable but at the same time very light.
the back part is very comfortable i think, it lets ur baby lean back relax and concentrate on the important process :) also its very easy to clean, just take the white part out and wash it.
very good material, nice and sturdy.
smooth and rounded at all edges.
the design is simple enough to clean all the nooks and crannies and yet perfect for use.
definitely deserves an award for design!
this potty is higher than a lot of the competitor's brands but it works for us because it's exactly what we needed for our daughter!
my daughter has loved her potty.
i am so glad we have our babybjorn to help us ec.
this was great for potty training and then great for teaching my son to go potty on his own.
the size is perfect for our bathroom (which has about 4x4' of walking floor space), and the shape is great.
he has yet to use it successfully, but he has been interested in it since the day it arrived!
training techniques aside, it's a solid little training seat.
there aren't a whole lot of cracks and crevices, which makes it easy to clean.
the chair is sturdy and doesn't tip over.
it had been a good potty chair and i was happy to share my good find with my sister-in-law.
she agreed it is a good chair.
this is working great for us.
we love this potty!!
because we didn't know any better at the time, we first used a toilet seat reducer or just held her in the infant-in-arms ec position.
luckily, at around 4 months, we found this potty and have never looked back.the high back is perfect for infants who aren't able to sit up yet fully unsupported.
we still needed to closely supervise, as she would sometimes lean forward and, once, she took a dive and ended up bruising her forehead on the bathroom floor.
she still needs close supervision though, as she likes to try and stand up out of the seat.i also love that the insert is easily removable.
every now and again we'll let it soak in warm soapy water, but if it's washed right away after use, it stays quite clean.all in all, this is a great potty and we're very happy with our purchase.
thanks baby bjorn!
this was the second potty we bought for our son, who is almost 3.
i had a lot of hope that, with all the excellent reviews, we'd find success with this one.
easy to dump and keep clean so it's a winner in our book.
this one worked great - in fact we got three - one for each of the grandparents' homes as well as the toddler's home.
easy to clean, good fit, the best we found.
my son and i love this potty.
he loves that he can be independent & his potty makes him feel that.
my son is 2 years old and weighs 32 lbs.
cleaning is also very easy, even without a liner.
i just finished potty training my oldest child and really loved this potty chair.
the splash guard is great and makes it easy to lift out while still keeping your hands clean.
the potty part is also deep enough to hold anything in it if your child decides to bring you the potty to show you their work :)great little potty!
we got this to help us with elimination communication on our 6 week old.
because she is so small still and can't sit on her own and the potty is a bit big for her to lean on the chair part, we sit her very close to the front and hold her upper body up.
now she is 9 weeks and on good days we are happily catching most of her potty needs.
right now we keep the potty on our bathroom counter facing the mirror and some lotion bottles, she's loves looking at herself and reaching for the bottles while going.
i love this potty seat.
just two simple pieces that are so easy to clean.
but actually it is perfect.
perfect for girls potty training and for little boys.
:)
my husband insisted that our son would potty train with those on the adult toilet seat inserts.
we bought all different types.
best decision ever.
my son's potty training excellerated.
it's the best height for him and he even likes emptying the receptical into the big toilet.
easy to clean.
he feels like a big boy copying what his brother does.
this is a great potty.
easy to clean and simple in design, however, if your son has learned to stand up to pee, then be prepared for messes and spills over the bowl and under the bowl to clean up.
of course, we are teaching him to aim in the bottom of the bowl, but in the meantime, we continue to clean up under the bowl because he aims toward the backside of the potty, which then leaks underneath the top piece and onto the floor.i still give it 4 stars because of the simple design, and i love that you just lift the top part and clean/empty it.
i would've gotten their one piece smaller potty, however, my son is 2 1/2 and a big boy, so i wasn't sure if he would fit on the seat.
our daughter uses this every morning as part of early potty training.
the size is perfect for our small bathroom, and our 19 month old sits comfortably on it.
i am sure that it would be comfortable for most children who are potty training as well.
this potty is perfect and i recommend it to anyone!
our bathroom is small, so now i have to store both.
thanks to amazon's 90 day return policy, we bought 4 different potties for our boy to try.
the raised back is very nice additionfunction - the most important aspect.
raised back is also helpful for holding and guiding your kid down.highly recommend this for potty training at home.
avoid the "talking" potties and create your own reward system (m&m;'s work great or there are a ton of potty training apps for phones and tablets).
we actually started with the potty inserts that go right on top of the regular toilet (built in type, portable type, and a cushioned type).
he will even wait to pee when we are out so he can use his &#34;small potty&#34; at home instead of public toilets.we like it because he uses it, it is easy to clean with the white part coming right out of the chair, and the splash guard is great for the boys.
this is a very nice potty chair.
i posted side-by-side photo of both of the potties for comparison purposes.
i just received my son's potty chair two days ago and he absolutely loves it.
my son is a 2 year old and he's rather tall for his age but height has nothing to do with the front piece.
however, it is easy to clean because the bowl just pulls out easily.
i love this potty.
because it only has two pieces to it, its easy to clean.
what a great potty.
my 18 month old son loves it.
great potty!
my son was so excited when he seen his big boy potty!
i love that it's simple without all the bells and whistles (distractions!)
and looks like an actual mini toilet.
the gaurd on this is higher than most which is also great for boys to prevent spraying everywhere.
the sturdy non skid big piece stays on the ground as you clean the bowl, or hold it up for a boy working on his stand-up pee.
still in the potty training process, but this is a great starter tool.
but it's beauty is its simplicity.
this is great, partly because it's low-profile and doesn't take up much space, and also (best of all) because it's so easy to clean!
even the white doesn't discolor over time.
i would definitely recommend this to any and all looking for a small, simple quality training toilet.
for boys, the pee guard lip works pretty well.
we have one for our downstairs bathroom and the kids bathroom as well as at the grandparent's house.
our 2 year old was easily toilet trained on this and love it.
my son is approaching 3 and can now help with that.
we love that this seat makes it comfortable for our little boy compared with the wider conversion style potty chairs (the ones that turn into step stools) because the back is higher and it has arm rests.
makes it easier to keep it conveniently located for your toddler.
also, despite its 'lack' of bell and whistles it is easy to clean and safe.
the no skid rubber bottom is an excellent feature!
highly recommend this potty chair!
my daughter is terrified of this seat.
she definitely knows what it is.
however, she stays clear of it.
now that i know all of this, i also see the benefits of a potty seat from a clean up perspective.
i think i'll re-sell my unused potty, and buy a potty seat which will be easier for me in the first place!
it cleans and disinfects very easily and still looks brand new.
he's very comfortable in it and its a very very good fit.
that took some learning on my part.
the color is cute.
i started out my son with elimination communication (ec aka early start potty training, of which amazon carries great books by 3 different offers on the subject) when he was 6 wks old.
i am not usually into frills and over the top plastic toys but i love the fisher price potty we got him instead.
i love it.
my son actually uses it.
it has a removable splash gaurd.
our boy pees standing up anyhow - just like papa!
i thought the smiley face silly at first but since it makes my son like it more it kinda makes me happy now.
and the potty seat removes so you can put it on your toiletseat for easing toddlers nerves when moving onto to toilet training.
this is my granddaughters favorite.
i love it.
our son just turned two and we have begun introducing him to his own potty.
a minor problem in the grand scheme of things and it has not happened since.we bought one for grandma's house and would recommend highly
nice looking potty, white insert is removable for easy cleaning.
and is bpa free!!!
this one is easy to clean...must be pretty comfortable because my kid will sit on it and read in the bathroom...it is the perfect height...and has a nice seat back....best part, it doesn't tip over (yet at least).
not sure how it works for boys...but for a girl it worked well.
i keep this potty as a spare in our master bath (we have other potty seats by bjorn).
my son loves this potty, and so do i.
the simple design makes it easy to clean and use.
i love how sturdy their designs are.
because while i liked how it looked my son didnt want to use it.
it's small, convenient and gets the job done.
the back rest really helps the baby.
my daughter loves this potty.
it is sturdy and bright.
it works great.
with him being so small you do need to sit directly in front him and entertain with a song or a toy as he does his business but it is worth it.
i don't always catch the bm's but have to clean a lot fewer ones by using the toilet.this seat is comfortable and i like the back part because he can sit back without falling over.
:)
my daughter loves this potty.
this one is perfect.
we are so happy we bought it.
he appears to fit great on it and it looks as it it will be easy to clean.
the seat is the perfect size for toddlers, contoured to be comfortable, and designed to be easy to clean.
the raised front of the white part serves as both a pommel/hand rest and a splash guard.
the white bowl is deep enough to prevent most splashes.
the seat does not slide on tile flooring.
when your baby is done, just lift the white bowl and clean.
perfect potty training chair.
fits almost anywhere and is very light.
i saw that some people commented that it was small, which is what i was actually looking for, and it works great for us.
the baby wipes container is perfect.
i purchased these in the hopes they would work for our newborn.
they are absorbent and comfortable to use.
they are inexpensive and very useful.
while i still periodically reach for the pretty and colorful burp cloths that are specifically made for that use, they are not nearly as absorbent as these gerber cloth diapers.
these are easily washed and inexpensive... admittedly not as pretty, but most mothers get over "pretty" real quick when real life sets in and baby becomes messy all of the time!
i accidentally registered for the diapers with the absorbent centerfold, and fortunately,  received these.
they are large -  27"x 27" square and are essential for baby care.
i still use them every day and my son is almost a year old.
they work great as burp cloths, and are superb for wiping up other food messes.
additionally, i found they work as a light blanket during the summer months.
extremely durable, fold-up rather small for travel, and launder well.
101 uses, i love them!
love these!
you could also easily use these to stuff pocket diapers.
these are great.
got them in 2009 for my son - never used as a diaper...  these came in handy in a bath, and when baby was falling asleep he would use it to cover himself .
i like the simple, large form of these diapers.i use these predominantly as burp clothes.
they are so absorbent, so effective, so economical, and so handy.
i keep a tall stack on my coffee table, and i'm always ready for errant bodily fluids.i also occasionally use these to wipe up all manner of spills.
in a pinch, they make great handkerchiefs for my runny nose when i'm out for a walk with the stroller.
i also fold them and put them in my baby's (all-in-one-cloth) diaper if i want to give it a bit more absorbing power.
they don't take up much room in the laundry, so you might as well use them liberally and keep the rest of your life clean and dry!
you can see right through them.
my friend bought me a pack for my shower, and i now use them for burp cloths, lap pads, covering my son when changing him (another mother's secret--to prevent being urinated on), etc.
love that these are cotton - texture is great and they are actually much softer than they look.
i think these would also be great for household cleaning as well (i'd use separate ones for those).
these also make a great light-weight, breathable blanket for blocking the sun - we live in texas, so this is a huge plus!
i had used gerber flatfolds and prefolds on my first two children back in 2000 and 2002.
i couldn't even use them as a changing, shoulder or lap pad in a pinch.
as far as burp cloths, the gerber prefold diapers work awesome for those.
these are much easier to change and wash than those covers.
these are also the best burp cloths.
but i don't.these are absolutely the cheapest way to cloth diaper a baby if you want to buy new diapers.
many modern cotton flats are birdseye.
i really cannot over-talk how wonderfully soft they are.
those flats are visibly thicker.
they are very rectangular after prepping, and pretty small.their small size makes them perfect newborn diapers, though.
even if most of your stash is all-in-one diapers, you would do well to buy a couple dozen of these for the first couple of months, especially if you tend to have smallish babies (one-size diapers don't usually fit below 8lbs).
they work perfectly for small babies--yes, they even contain breastfed poop!--and once your babe has outgrown their intended use, they are fantastic for stuffing pockets, lining gdiapers (this is my usual use for them these days), and using as doublers for fitted diapers or overnight diapers.
in short, i love them.
i have cute ones that i might use outside of the house, but these are definitely my first choice.my auntie recommended them to me and i am very thankful for that!
she used them with her kids and they are now a necessity in my house.
these bottles are great!
i love pumping and storing milk in them.
i also use the bottles to freeze breastmilk.
its great because its compatible for the medela pump but my baby isnt that fond of the nipples.
thanks to those who mentioned that the evenflo nipples would fit the bottles, but it's the evenflo classic nipples that fit, not the evenflo elite nipples.
these are the only bottles i use and they work well.
they are very durable & dishwasher safe.
i use these to pump & store my milk with the medela harmony pump.
each bottle is the perfect amount for 1-2 feedings for my 6-week old baby.
i just use the bottle occasionally so this item works great for me.
working full-time and pumping at work and at home.
it was highly recommended by the hospital, so i bought two sets of these bottles before my baby was born.
we also tried the avent nipple and she didn't like those, either.
she only needed a small amount of coaxing to take those.
now she's a pro!
this is a must have for working moms who have the medela pumps.
the extra bottles come in handy for transporting milk to daycare and for expressing milk on the job.
the bottle quality isn't great for the price.
dr. brown's bottles (the narrow ones) screw right into the pump in style.
if you use regular bottles, the evenflo set is 1/3 of the price and fits right in.
these bottles are useful for storing milk....they are sturdy and fit in bottle warmers nicely.
take one look at them and it's pretty clear.
i needed to pump when i went back to work and i bought a couple of these on top of those that were provided with the medela pump in style.
well, having the extra bottles for pumping has been great and the work well in the freezer but they don't work well for feeding.
if you love these bottles, you've love the milkmate ones as well.hope this helps and saves you money!
we used these bottle because they are compatible with the medela pump.
my wife was very happy when they came.
fast shipping.
but these bottles work wonderfully with formula!my daughter retains much less air with the medela nipples and she seems to prefer the shape as well.
i love medela bottles, i love that they are bpa free.
i use the pump-in-style advanced breastpump, and i really like that these bottles screw right into the pump assembly.
i don't freeze my milk in these (i use gerber bags), but they're great for temporary storage until pouring into the feeding bottles.
if you are pumping full time, you will be storing alot more than 4 bottles at a time.
these are great to put under a pack-n-play, or on top of a changing table.
they are soft, absorbent, and portable.
i use this for my portable changing pad and under the sheet in my daughters cradle.
it is a bit wide for my cradle, so i just tuck in the sides.
it is wide for the portable changing pad, but still works good!
get the bed sized ones as an under layer (which adds cushioning from the plasticky mattresses that are made today), layer on the pretty sheets, then use a smaller pad under the diaper area.
this protects the sheets but the very bottom pad protects your mattress in case a true accident occurs.
both work just as well but one is more confortable on the go.
i love these pads!
i ended using it in my diaper bag since the changing places in public restrooms don't always appear clean.
another was placed downstairs with wipes and diapers in a basket for quick changes on the couch and everyone loved using them.great price and you will get your moneys worth out of them.
will use for next bundle of joy!
this pad is great to place under your sheets in parent's bed where mom sleeps and nurses.
it's good at trapping moisture and keeping the surface beneath from getting wet or damp.
i recommend the large quilted multi-use pad in addition to the mattress pad.
i use john lennon receiving blankets (6 is a good number) with the quilted multi-use pad underneath to be prepared for spills and smudges on my contoured changing pad.
go figure.also, unlike their cousin the 'quilted crib mattress pad' it doesn't pill up enough to care.
we have them in different sizes for the crib, bassinett, playard, and just extra changing pads for middle of the night changes and carry around pad.
they absorb great and wash with no problems.
very affordable and worth every penny.
i highly recommend to every parent.
this pad fits my arm's reach co-sleeper great.
the pad gives it more cushion and will absorb any leaks if they happen.
i washed it and the pad washed great.
i use the smaller ones when traveling to lay down to change my child in public areas (those koala tables)  they are durable and easy to clean.
i bought two of these and i just love them.
i used this to protect the pack n play and crib mattresses, which proved very effective.
santa might appreciate that!
love them!
great item to have!
i use this pad on top of my son's mattress as well as the smaller sizes for his playard bassinet and the changing table.
my daughter has started resisting being changed on her changing table, so i use these pads to change her on differnt floors in our house.
they worked wonderfully.
that helps to keep it from shifting on carpeted floors.
the one in the diaper bag is also very useful--much more practical than the plastic covered changing pads that come with diaper bags.
these pads have definitely come in handy.
they are super absorbent, very easy to clean and a perfect size for many different things.
i have one on my changing table that came with my pack n play.
i also use on on the floor under her activity gym (sparkling symphony gym)since it doesn't include a mat.
i also have two at grandma's for changing and laying on the bed.
these pads are soft and absorbent - just the right size to put on a cradle.
the smaller size is perfect for laying on top of a changing table.
good value and worth having a couple of different sizes on hand.
i love my pad, i use it under my bassinet sheet.
i also have the mattress pad made by this company as well.
worth every penny!
this pad is perfect for our playard.
great investment for your babies saftey, babies confort, your sanity (when trying to wash the playard matress), and what makes this even better is the price!!!!
these pads are wonderful!!
i began using them for my daughter in both her portable crib and regular crib as an infant.
now that she has moved into a "big girl bed" at 2 i also use them under her sheet to protect her mattress for those occasional nights when she wets through her diaper.
they are great and have held up wonderfully wash after wash.
very affordable and very versatile.
we've tried a lot of different sipper cups, but these are our absolute favorites!
the valves are easy to remove and to clean, unlike other brands that grow mold inside a valve you can't really clean out.
we've even replaced lids once upon a time.i ordered one set of these recently, hoping they'd be boy-colored for my new one year old.
i'm not sure if there's a way to request a boy-theme or not, but we'll probably order again sometime soon and take our chances.
we have tried so many sippy cups over the years and these are the best.
my kids are 6 1/2 years apart and i used these sippy cups for my oldest.
my son loves these.
i highly recommend these cups.
i'm a huge fan of playtex sippies.
they last us for years.
we have several different kinds of sippy cups, but these are the most dependable and the easiest.
definitely a favorite in our household.
she's 8 months and still on stage 1 nipples because she chokes easily, so that's not the cups fault.
it's a great cup that way, totally spillproof!
the valves are easy to put in and take out, my child only has water and milk still so i am not sure how well they will work for juice.
i love that this cup will fit in most cup holders.
it's super easy to clean with it's three parts.
the cup is easy to clean (its only 3 pieces as opposed to the 5 or 6(w/handles) pieces for the avent cup), assemble and use.
i should mention that i
does not leak,relatively easy to clean,nothing to chew trough (it is amazing that a replacement part for a soft spout may cost as much as a new sippy)and yes, the bottle is finally gone!
i have two kids ages 4.5 and 2.5 and have used several different brands of sippy cups and these are by far the best.
there is a small rubber piece that fits in the spout to control the speed that the liquid comes out.
i think these are great to use as soon as you stop using bottles.
great choice.
highly recommended.
wish you can pick out your own but these will do for now.
i have a 3 1/2 year old and a 1 1/2 year old and have had my fare share of sippy cups to use clean sometimes throw many away.
i use to think that using the soft sippy cups  was a great transition from bottles..not!!
these are the best they are easy to clean they dont leak everywhere and they hold the perfect amount of liquid.
i will be buying a kleen kanteen sippy--no leaks, stainless steel and easy to clean.
cups work fine though.
i love the colors.
they are easy to use and easy to wash. my toddler loves them.
if you are using avent bottles, these storage containers are a must.
very convenient and versatile (use as bottles, sippy cups, storing breastmilk, babyfood), easy to clean.
nice size to take to work or anywhere.
you can use these with the medela pump in style breast pump, but you need to buy an adaptor from avent.
these are fantastic for freezing/storing/reheating breast milk.
unlike some of the reviews i read, i have experienced no leaking thusfar.
i use a medela pump and transfer my milk into these containers because they have proven to be so wonderful (and they are acrylic, so reheating is much easier).
i love these breastmilk storage containers.
they are great.
perfect size for my baby who still only drinks about 3-4 ounces per sitting.
i will definitely continue to use these after she outgrows them for milk as baby food containers.
they are great.
these storage bottles are great because you can use them to store breast milk or formula.
i like making a few bottles at night then later at night as i need them i warm a bottle take storage top off and add a nipple and i am ready to feed my daughter.
i love all the avent products because of how easy everything is to use.
i love this containers.
first of all, i am a big fan of the isis breast pump, so these containers are perfect for me.
i express into these containers--freeze them--thaw them out--replace the sealing disc with the nipple--warm it up.
perfect.
i use the medela pump - but their thin bottles and simple caps don't seem like they have the ability to keep the milk fresh.
i love these containers for this use.
love this containers.
these work well with the avent on the go breast pump system.
i plan to make my own babyfood and i am going to use these containers.
love them
these are great.
they don't leak and are nice and sturdy.
i love avent products and these are wonderful.they attach to the bottom of the avent via isis pump directly which was nice.
great for storage of baby food later on as well.
tops can be used with 9ounce bottles as well.
the infant size tub was fine, and still works okay after 2 years.
we got it after having to give up on inflatables, and it is roomy, comfortable, and durable, unlike kel-gar's products.
4.5 stars with 750 reviews on amazon- you can't beat that!primo eurobath pearl white
this is great!
easy to fill up and easy to clean up.
i also sometimes put a blanket in it and let my daughter 'sit' in it and play with her toys.
this inflatable tub was perfect!
ah well.
this one works great.
like the dain plug and the suction cup to keep it from sliding in the tub.
my 9 month old son loves the water we use this in the tub for bath time where he splashes and has fun.
this works great!
i love how much safer it is and its big enough for her to use for a couple of years.
this works great.
this is perfect for my 15 month baby whose 32 inches long, 26 lbs., it's well made and not slippery at all, easy to clean and the suction cup hold the tub really well.
great purchase.
my son loves this tub.
he lays back and luxuriates in his bath and it's very cute to see him &#34;relaxing&#34;.
working perfectly so far!!
it has a strong new-shower-curtain/new-pool-toy smell when you first open it, and i let it air out for a few days before using it.
i fill a large plastic bowl with water and dump it into the tub to fill the tub.other than these issues, the tub is ok.
the size is good and it does the job.
our 1 yr old has room in it and can use it for some time.
other than that, it is inexpensive and keeps our son contained and safe.
as soon as my (large!)
however, the six months that it latest was great...this is a perfect tub for an infant who has learned to sit up by themselves.
my daughter is 16 months now and she still loves the tub.
our tub is very slippery.
it is not real deep and she has lots of room but it still makes her feel safe and secure.
this tub is perfect for my 15 mo old girl, and we use it as our everyday tub and also take it when we travel.
has transitioned our bath times from sink to big girl tub like i wanted so job well done.
it was a great transition from our infant bathtub, giving her more space without using all the water that a full bath would require.
the vinyl is a nice quality, and i ended up using it outdoors as a small wading pool at my mother's house after the baby outgrew it for bath purposes.
once she started walking it was not long that she learned how to climb out of the sides, but i'm very happy with the job that this tub did for the months we were able to use it!
and on the rare occasion when my baby accidentally bumps her bead on the side, well, it's all soft and bouncy so she never hurt herself.
they had a great time splashing and playing.
it's a great tub if you get one that holds air.
this snug tub has worked wonderfully.
she is able to stand in it and splash around without us worrying about her breaking her head if she slips.
it's very safe and fits snugly in our shower.
i highly recommend this tub, especially if you have toddler who won't sit through baths!
this tub is the perfect solution.
i started using it around 4 months when he could lean against it, and now that he can sit and move around more it still is the perfect bath solution.
great fit , cute , safe for baby but deflated so fast.
the bottom part under the baby's butt blows up separately than the sides, which is nice because my 6 month old was unstable sitting on the blown up bottom at first.
i think that's more an issue with my very active daughter than the tub though :)
pre-cursory note: we are fortunate to have a very happy baby and i mean happy- always smiling, giggling - ust happy!
she is in the regular "big girl" tub now and is perfectly happy.
crisis averted, everyone is happy.
fits just fine in our american standard regular tub.
little man sometimes pulls the drain plug, so make sure that it is pushed all the way down.
the tub is slightly wedge shaped, to help "lock it in" to your tub.
i tried scrubbing with vinegar and baking soda, and some bleach.
honestly, we got more use putting this in the back yard during summertime, and now it's getting tossed out.
this tub is great, i even use it at home.
if you travel, it's a great idea to get an inflatable tub, it's portable, and quite sturdy.
this is a nice, big tub, but the bottom never held air.
also, splashing got to be a bit messy on the counter top.
i purchased this, and have used it for a few months - it's perfect!
we have been very happy with this!
i researched a lot of tubs before buying this one, and i am happy with my decision.
it has wide sides, is tall and long.
it is pretty good with being nonslip.
my baby boy loved this toy so much it kept him intrigued and i would recommend it babies mine is now 18 months and this is well worth the investment
my little one outgrew her baby tub around 5 months old.
i purchased this item and read the previous reviews.
great item...its cushy for baby and quite large for her and her toys :)  another great thing is even if the suction cup is wet, it still sticks to the bath tub wall without any problems and doesn't deflate easily (it's been about 2 months and still have not had to inflate the tub since i've purchased the item).only con is that as a previous reviewer had mentioned, the tub is slippery.
the dex pillow is great.
the pillow is not overly big and fits nicely under the belly.
this pillow is easy to change sides with.
the angle of it isn't right..it should be thicker at it's current thinnest part, because basically, my belly just pushes into it, and it falls on the floor, eventually.
my wife needed full upper body elevation and a pillow 1/4 the size of her back (and only 4" tall) isn't going to help.
i promise she will love it and you.
i am 7 months along and i didn't realize that i needed to 'lift' my belly a bit.
works great.
i'm glad it's not memory foam because i need a 'lift' not to sink in.
a great little size that does the job.
it's very firm so not super comfortable but i still use it.
inexpensive, but you definitely get what you pay for.
i didn't like the huge pregnancy pillows that take most of your bed and force your husband to sleep on the couch!
so, these were perfect!!
easily adjustable and secure.
this wedge is very small, it will work well for supporting a pregnant belly but is not for sleeping on.
really nice for the price.
right now, i am letting a friend borrow it for her back at work since she is in her third trimester.
sometimes it is under her belly.
sometimes it is wedged into her back.
sometimes it just helps to support the arm that has the iv in it.
i'm glad i found something to make her a bit more comfortable.eta:  found another use for the pillow.
it makes an outstanding ramp to launch hot wheel cars!
it seems like it will fit perfectly in my bassinet after the baby is here to elevate her head.
and when i'm done using it for that, it will make a perfect knee-separator pillow.
it worked okay during my second trimester.
a decent pillow, wife is expecting and is in her 6th month, and this was perfect gift to her for a good night sleep.
it is a good value.
and it does do the support job.
it works well for these items.
this headrest is perfect.
now that she is bigger we use it without the insert and she's still happy.
at 4 months she has wonderful head control, but i wouldn't put her in her carseat without this.
), came with their own headrest.
it holds my son's head up straight and let's him sleep without his head flopping everywhere.
keep in mind that she puts anything & everything in her mouth, will eat any food i try to feed her & is currently teething.
she woudln't even go for fruits that we knew she loved.
my 9 month old daughter loved munching on fruit with this.
whichever you decide to go - this is a great invention!
this is great.
we started our boy on strawberries with this, as well as bananas (frozen) and frozen little cubes of baby food for him when he was teething.
this is a brilliant idea.
this is great!
he loved that he could hold it himself and eat.
this is my standard baby shower gift now and have recieved many thanks for it.
wonderful.
my baby loved this, even though he won't use a single of the many teethers we've tried.
worth the price, as it works
what a great way to introduce baby to fresh fruit &amp; veggies.
then throw them away as the bags age, tear or stain.alex has used ours since 4 months of age and our original bags plus newer replacements are still going strong at 10 months, with repeated dishwasher-ing.
my son loves it.
i wish i found it before because this baby safe feeder is a little outrageous in price for this kind of item.
it's durable and easy to clean, and replacment "bags" are found pretty much any child store.
this is the best little baby gadget yet.
the first time i saw it i thought, "what will they think of next..." but now that my 2 year old and nearly 1 year old are putting everything in their mouths this is an indispensable part of our home.
it's great for teething because you can stuff it with cold fruit and your baby will love sucking away while getting all the juice out of grapes, pineapple, watermelon, even strawberries!
it's great for regular feeding too, since you can now place larger pieces of food inside to give your child a taste of such things as meat, fresh brocolli, etc.
i suggest bringing an extra along in the diaper bag -- it's a great thing to have on trips.
it is very flimsy and floppy when food is in it.
it's good for babies over 6 months but one must understand that the baby might throw it away (sometimes very far away) and then all the food is gone.
he loved the flavor of melon, but we were uncomfortable with letting him bite on a piece of melon for fear he might choke.
we used it mostly for fruit, especially melon, grapes, pears, and strawberries.
i will admit that it can be messy to use this feeder, but it was totally worth it to us to give our son a chance to learn to love fresh fruits.
enjoy!!!!
this simple little plastic and mesh device has worked very well for us.
at first we used to fill it with crushed ice, but then started putting fruits or veggies in (as mentioned on the packaging) and it works great for that as well.
we even take it with us to restaurants so she can chew on pieces of fruit.
this was absolutely fabulous for my family.
wouldn't it be nice if the fears of solid feeding could be alleviated?
with the baby safe feeder, your child knaws or sucks on the mesh and the food is dispensed in small quantities that are safe to be swalled by little mouths.i loved this item even more when teething time came around.
i bought this to help with teething and help my baby explore new food without choking.
overall , it's pretty good.
it is easy to clean and she likes it overall.
it works great!
i love this idea and  so does my son.
of course supervision is still required but makes you feel safer knowing the baby is eating healthy food and staying safe from choking.
using twisties to seal the bags is cumbersome and annoying.i prefer the lansinoh bags with the double seal.
even though you can't pump straight into them, sealing them is quick and easy.
wow!!
well this is the only good feature.
stacking medela bags in the freezer is difficult because of their shape...and thawing will be difficult because i can see i'll need to watch that the milk doesn't spill out the top.
i love medela's pumps (i own the pump in style advanced, a seperate manual pump, and used the lactina hospital pump for 3 months), i like their storage bottles, i even like their nipple cream, but these bags need some more work put into them.
i tried the first years that have a zip-loc top and they've worked better.
very convenient.
it's not that easy.
my favorite is lansinoh.
the bags are small.
they come with a double ziplock so that you can be certain that your precious milk will stay fresh for your little bundle.
love em!!!
and i've never been able to tear open the little tab at the bottom to get the milk out - i have to snip the edge with a scissors, which i'm sure defeats the purpose of having a nice, sterile inside.
after using both these bags and the gerber bags, i prefer the zipper-style closure of the gerber bags.
i recommend these bags and will continue to use for the remainder of my time breast feeding.
i love this gadget.
with the mighty tight, it was a snap.
you just hooked it in, cranked it, and voula!!
i love it.
it is easy to use, it makes the seat secure, and it is sturdy.
i have a britax chaperone infant carseat and the base has an excellent lock off feature built in.
after easily installing the mighty tite, it's like the base is a part of the car.
they are great for around-the-house everyday use.
this is a great item you cannot do without!
when i was pregnant a friend of ours who is a fireman, told us we must get this.
very simple to operate, but it takes some getting used to with certain seatbelts.
i put both the main belt and the &quot;extra&quot; strap that you pull to tighten into the ratchet, and crank that puppy right down.
solid as a house, and putting the &quot;extra tail&quot; into it keeps it from loosening.plus side: man, is this thing tough.
doesn't always work on the first try.
i believe we can fairly judge the usefulness of this accessory in terms of "before" and  "after".
still, one would hope it will not!
we had gotten this seat belt tighter for both our cars - a subaru outback and an audi a4.
i loved it.
and i put a light weight blanket under him (on top of the sheet.)
and we love them and will buy more when baby #2 comes!
i bought this item (in a different color) two years ago for my son.it is not waterproof- but what sheet is?!
we have a baby trend playyard, and these sheets fit perfectly.
).i will agree that these sheets are lint magnets.
also, they're not the softest sheet in the world, but that does make them a bit more durable.
not as easily as you might hope, and these sheets are just the thing to make it easier.
they fit perfectly, match fine, and keep muck off the mat.
it matches the colors of my pack 'n' play really well.
i have a kolcraft and it fits perfect.
it hasn't faded at all and is very durable.
i got this sheet for my son's colby pack n play as a spare for when his original aheet requires washing.
you will need it, especially for preemies, newborns and teething babies/toddlers because they can go through several sets of bedcloths a day.
i bought this sheet for a graco brand pack and play...the sheet is fitted, just not in the traditional sense (there's no elastic) just kind of pockets sewn in the corners.
it stays on ok though.
they are okay sheets that are holding up very well, even through numerous washings.
i do, however, put a bassinett pad (one of the big lap pads) under the sheet to help with keeping the &quot;mattress&quot; dry.
?also, keep in mind your wash loads.
other reviewers are right on about the quality.
they are elasticized though, which is easier to put on and stays on better.
price $9.99graco quilted sheet: very plush, though the fabric is synthetic feeling (i didn't check, but i'd guess poly blend).
most comfortable of any that i tried.
will probably use it under a more natural feeling sheet.
elasticized and stayed on well.
most expensive at $14.99carter portable crib sheet: knit fabric.
price $7.99koala portable crib sheet: listed thread count of 220 and it felt like a very decent quality.
highly suggest not buying these, but going with an elasticized sheet.
both the carters and koala sheets are cheaper and are better quality.the pack 'n play fitted sheets will only be used as under sheets from now on!
we have the graco clarion pack n play and this sheet fits perfectly.
it fits our model perfectly and has withstood many washings well.
the elastic isn't good, and the fabric is just not soft.
since she's always wrapped in a blanket she doesn't mind going w/o the sheet.
you do need some kind of sheet if your baby will be sleeping on the plastic, and these are all i've ever found.
i am a big fan of graco products, but not these!
i love these.
ones in the wash, and ones on the pack and play.
they also fit well over the quilted pack and play sheet.
we have the travelin tot safari playard and even though this sheet is made for graco pack n plays, it's perfect for my son's playard also.
it's best to have a few on hand for spit up's or leaky diaper's...
these have a crease up the middle and are not the most comfortable.
still wear them if the other brands are not clean.
they are much more thicker than the disposable ones and very easily seen under my clothes.
they absorb well.
however, you will have to wear a padded bra in order for the seams on these pads not to show and/or look pointy.
i started to iron the first one, and my iron began sticking to the pad.
i peeled it off the iron, and there, in a perfect circle, were little melted remnant marks from the thread.
i hope my research helps you make the best choice for your needs.so far, each brand's strengths were as follows:>kushies (3star)absorbed moisture immediately so they were the best inner doublers,>la leche league (3star)appearance was best for use in b/c nursing bras,>medela (2star) was easy to find in stores and absorption improved with time,>nuangel (4star)was very affordable.
still fresh white color after 2 months use.
variable speed of absorption.
13-40 seconds to absorb 3ml--improved after 2 months use.
excellent outer doubler.
white & patterns absorb more quickly than natural tone (3ml in 24sec), absorption improved thereafter following additional month of use.
probably best to use white alone or as inner doubler depending on anticipated flow, and natural tone as outer or alone if only slowly dripping.
may work especially well for smaller sizes like a or b.
hopefully a washable pad out there can improve on these statistics.
i'm still hopeful that the other 2/3 of these brands can provide a more efficient answer.
i'm able to always have some on hand.
ultimately, nothing works better than the disposables, but these are the best reuseables i've purchased.
they are also great for comfort.
you can see these through your bra...even a think padded bra.
i have tried every washable brand and these are the best!
very comfortable and stay put pretty well.
they tend to get wrinkles in them and you can see them through a shirt, an under shirt, and a bra all at once.
not my favorite.
i bought these to help with leaks during engorgement after giving birth.
i bought these to use during the day at work and so far they've worked great.
i love them though and i still have an unopened box of disposable bra pads that i received as a gift and will probably not use.
i just throw them in washer and dryer and they still keep the original shape.
better to borrow one from a friend.
perfect height to get those knees up so you're not hunched while nursing.
within a couple of weeks of breastfeeding, my back was shot.
highly recommend.
i nursed our son for about 7 weeks without this, like many mothers, slouching and what not was killing my already injured back, a friend of mine had one and i tried it...loved it!
love it!
however, i also found it useful while nursing on the couch or other armchairs (same benefits) and my husband loves to use it when he is getting baby dressed after a bath as it helps him keep his lap horizontal as well.
an added bonus is that it is incredibly easy to put together (5-10 minutes tops) and comes with it's own allen wrench tool.
great bargain and money is well spent on a terrific and useful stool.
this stool is great!
it is the perfect height for me to nurse my baby comfortably.
i use it with a boppy pillow.
i also use it while pumping for comfort.
it gets your body in the right position and makes nursing so much more comfortable.
it's well made and easy to assemble.
in my experience, anything to make those first few weeks easier - while you and your baby are learning to breast feed - is worth it!
it is sturdy and easy to assemble.
i use it in tandem with my boppy and love the results.
a definate improvement.
the stool is well-built and comes ready to use in the box.
the natural wood color is attractive and goes with nearly any decor (just so happens that my crib and baby armoire are also natural wood color).
learned of this wonderful invention from a prenatal class.
this is well worth the money.
it is also easier to pick up and move out of the way than the ottomans or switch to the couch.
i use this stool every night in the middle of the night while nursing and rocking our baby.
i love to use it when nursing my son upstairs.
the slanted top means your feet are positioned perfectly for holding a baby.
it's sturdy and well-build.
i like to keep my feet apart somewhat when i nurse.amusingly, my toddler thinks this is his "chair" and uses it when we read books before bed time.
the nursing stool angles your lap up drawing baby closer to you, which allows you to have your back straighter instead of hunching towards the baby.
the stool was easy to assemble and nice solid wood.
these are clear, and look and fit great on our crib.
you should definitely measure the width and thickness of the area you want to protect though.
our son figured out how to remove the other ones we had, but not these.
so far, our nice crib is saved, hopefully for baby #2.
in other words these are a must.
my daughter actually never did bite on the crib railings but my son does (3yrs later) and prefers chewing on the front bar best, of course.
at least the side bars they fit on will not be used when it's converted to a full size bed, but there will still be those teeth marks on the bed footer.
oh well, it's kind of cute.
she loved them and thought they were a cool new toy but they did not do the intended job.
they pull off very easily even though they were a perfect fit on the rail.
note, you will need 2 sets to cover both sets of rails.
but these end up being cheaper and far more effective than the others, which, peel, curl and can even be bitten apart.
thoroughly pleased and recommending to all my friends with teething babies.
they are perfect.
they fit our crib perfectly, our girls don't even really notice they are there and they stay on great.
very pleased with these.
i measured the ones i have and the inside of the plastic measures about 3/4 of an inch...and the outside of it is around an inch.
the plastic is fairly flexible.
i thought this was important and wanted to make sure you know about.
i'm confident he will be unable to open this if he finds a cord and follows it back to the power.
if you have all 2-prong plugs then this will work perfectly.
works as intended at a good price.
i wanted to use it on an extention cords with items i often plug in and out.
that's a win in my book.
this power cord protector seems to be working fine so far.
this does the job quite nicely, particularly for the price.
it isn't easy to unlatch, if you latch it well.
everyone with a power cord and a child should have this.
its simple and amazing!
worth every penny and more!
the locking tabs just aren't that great, functionally.
again, great concept, needs a bit more on the execution part.
holds a power strip and plugs okay, but my toddler can still get her fingers down in the cracks where the cords come out and the crack between the front piece of plastic and the longer back piece.
mine is also a white color, not the cream like it appears in the picture.
the plastic is very flimsy and the locking tabs aren't that hard to open.
i had to put one of these on my computer power strip as my son wanted to push the button with the light on it, this is great and i am very happy with my purchase, you cannot go wrong with buying this.
highly recommended.
it doesn't work for huge plugs (like our roku), but will work with every other tv/stereo/cable/etc component we have!
our daughter figured out the on/off button on our power strip, so i ordered this the very next day and it's wonderful!!
it is easy to use, plesant on the eyes (it is white, not off white like the photo) and impossible for babies to open!
this is challenging to get open and closed for the adult in the equation.
but they are quite challenging to get to line up correctly and heaven forbid you need to get it back open.
now you would think that that's the point of the power strip cover, right?
except the hole that allows the cords to come out the top is so wide that my 9 month old just sticks his hand right inside and can put a finger in the socket.
check the dimensions before assuming this will work on your strip.
covers perfectly and makes the power strip safe.
not very easy to open and close, which is great for baby proofing but not good if it's something you want to unplug frequently.
otherwise it works well and holds a large power strip.
the bottom portion opens easier than the top, also.
not the most attractive solution, but it works.
my 18mth old figured out how to open this in a matter of days.
it doesn't protect children from sticking their fingers inside the cover.
instead of installing a power strip safety cover, i purchased an inexpensive tension safety gate (ten bucks) and pushed it way back under the desk against the wall with all the cords and boxes (routers etc.)
still trying to find the best solution for protection for 2 other strips in our home.
seems like nothing is perfect.
great idea.
but will work for most plugs even some large ones.
two bc they do come out of the top by daughter can still grab and chew on them.
these have worked very well for us.
we have power strips of a couple different sizes in our house, and this fits over all of them.
i found it relatively easy to open and close.
it does not keep fingers out and it also doesn't fit larger plugs.
this is a great protector for over the power strips!
i forgot about one of our power strips and i'm not hesitating to buy another one of these!
i bought this white cover (model 40896, upc 3676840896, code on label x0000dm4bb) andsafety 1st power strip coverto compare the two.
unlike that item, this cover is not expandable.
this seemed effective at stopping our 8-9 month old playing with the power strip, and certainly he cannot get his fingers into the live sockets with this cover.
i think this is a great outlet strip cover.
i almost wish i had this before i had kids because it conceals it so nicely and makes the strip look much more tidy.
but that's the point, right?
these are great.
this makes them very secure.
she cannot force them open, and cannot get to anything.
definitely recommended!
this item works great for us!
also, the opening at the top is huge!
i sent it back and moved around furniture to hide our power cords instead.
it does a great job of hiding the strip and the plugs and i like that you can open the part of the on/off switch separate from the section where the plugs are.
i like it because it keeps my son from playing with the surge protector.
if it accommodated those types of plugs, i'd give it 5 stars.
overall, i'd still recommend it to others.
maybe because the carpeting in our apartment stabalizes it, but it's perfect.
i just love it.
perfect height for me as well and plenty of storage room.
great table for a great price!
i purchased this changing table in the summer of 2002 (my baby was due in sept) i put it together very easily by myself.
my son is now 2 1/2 yrs.
yes, the middle shelf has a little sag in it (very little) but other than that it's perfect!!!
i'm using it till it can't support my son anymore and gives out but no problems yet.
even being used this changing table is great.
it's very sturdy and durable for the price.
but this changing table is definitely worth the moderate price.
we bought this for about 70 bucks and got 4 sage lined wicker baskets to fit within it for organization.
great table, that does the trick.
i have attached a crib mobile to this table to keep katie happy during diaper time.
this changing table looks good in her room, i also bought the jenny lind crib.
i love this table.
it has tons of storage, was easy to put together and is solid.
i have also loved the matching crib and dresser!
i store all our diaper-changing items on the top shelf in baskets, and then diaper bags go on the bottom shelf.
table was very easy to put together and is extremly sturdy.
i was hesitant to register for these covers because of some of the negative reviews i read...however, my son is now 3 months old and we love the covers that we use!
i have 2 blue covers and one each of the yellow and white.
they are fantastic and i recommend them to everyone.
they definitely make the changing pad a more comfortable surface for our baby- he loves just hanging out on them.
this somewhat reduces the frequency of cover washings.
the wendy bellisimo changing pad covers are only $2 more and much better quality fabric.
carter's also makes lap pads that are great for use over the changing pad.
didn't even use it once!
just use a pillowcase & it works just as well...
we recently bought this pad for our changing table in the blue color.
it's very soft and fits well with our pad, which was made by another company.
they've never ripped for us and they get warm quicker (breastmilk) than typical plastic bottles.
it is easier cleanup using the drop-ins and thus worth the slight extra cost for us.
very convenient.
i love these bottles and liners!
they're a lifesaver
i've been using the playtex drop in system since my daughter came home from the hospital and i love it.
these are great.
you can get both sizes at walgreen's, walmart and target.
we use this in conjunction with our medela breast pump.
works great, met all expectations.
love these liners have been using for many years with all my kids .
walmart ones are not as soft, but do the same thing still
i didn't want bottles with a ton of moving parts that needed to be washed carefully.
i use these liners in conjunction with my bottle warmer and they don't melt, which is good.
they are awesome.
i rinsed tons of nipples and washed them all at once later on the day.
the water level/volumn is different.
they're easy and effective.
these are so easy.
the real savings is the manpower and time necessary for cleaning.
but i've used this before and they're great.
it's convenient and it minimizes the need for a lot of bottles and best part is they're disposables.
regardless, this has my stamp of approval and i would recommend this for new parents.
i love the drop-ins system.
i used them for my first daughter when i went back to work and my family who watched her loved the convenience of them.
there is also a system you can buy to pump directly into the bottles.
i love these liners.
they are a quick and easy way to ensure a sterile container for my milk.
the plastic drop in bottles work perfectly well.
and you can see them colapse like they should
love this system and these drop-in liners work great!
seems to help with my son's colic.
be sure to push the air out once the bottle is put together and formula/breast milk is it.
air will flow through the nipple.
and, the way the nipple is, for my daughter, seems to be the most natural and closest to breastfeeding.
it's great!
i highly recommend.
we've been using these and absolutely love them!
can easily remove all air to improve gassiness and colic in little one.
we are currently supplementing with formula and only using 2oz per feeding in a 4 oz liner, and it is still easy to remove the air.with the ring and nipple loosely on the bottle we carefully press on the liner from the bottom until the liquid level nears the top of the liner.
if your fingers are not long enough, we sometimes use the handles of some of our kitchen serving utensils to aid in removing the air.
makes for easy packing and cleaning.
i love this disposable liners because i just discard them after use, which is awesome when you have a baby to take care of.
love them.
they are handy, easy to use and i love that you use them and then toss them right in the trash.
they work great, they don't leak, and they make my life so much easier.
these are essential for our out of town trips.
the point of the collapsible liner is to not let more air in as your baby eats, and it does a fantastic job.
i loved them because i didn't have to buy replacements and it did the same job!
perfect and fast sterile use.
used them when his mother was a baby and still love them.
i love these bottles!
i breastfeed and my son takes these bottles so easily when i'm not around.
they are easy and convenient!
love love love them!
i love these drop-ins.
so easy to use!
much easier than traditional bottles.
i've tried other brands of drop-ins and playtex is the best.
and you can't beat the price on amazon (for 100).
we order all of our baby stuff on autoship (including the liners) and the price is unbeatable.
perfect kid !
we chose to use the playtex nurser drop-ins system because of convenience and sanitation.
they're very easy to use and reduce my time doing dishes.
i've used the 8-10 ounce liners a few times as well with no issues.
i love the drop in system bc although you have to buy liners, it's easy, sanitary and really helps reduce air intake.
it's  not that big a deal but i wish the bottle lines and liner matched perfectly.
i love my playtex drop-ins.
i have been lucky to always receive liners that are intact and work just like they are suppose to.
easy clean up, great price.
love them.
these work well for childcare providers to transfer warmed milk into.great price and easy to use.
shipped very fast!
i've been using these for almost a year and they are great.
i love the playtex drop in system - it might cost a little more but it's worth it for the ease of bottle prep and knowing that bottles are clean and sanitary every time!
these don't tear and warm easily in a cup of hot water.
its great to not have to scrub bottles all the time!
i still love how convienent these are.
worth the price; and that price is better than the price in the store.
use with playtex storage system.
it is the best way to pump in place for use later.
both daughters use these with the storage kit.
o cleaning bottles.
very easy to use, combined with almost nothing to clean.
the small cost of reusable liners is far overshadowed by their convenience.
we used playtex drop-ins for both of our children.
i prefer buying them from amazon, because they are must cheaper than the store.
these drop-ins are great quality.
i would highly recommend these to others!
playtex drop in suystem is what any decent lactation consultant will recommend.
kids don't get used to gulping down, and you have the best chance of continuing breast feeding.
the liners are easy to use.
great stuff.
we used playtex bottles with liners for our first 2 kids and loved them!
i guess playtex decided to change their bottle sometime between our last baby and this baby.
other than that i love the convenience!
i started the first month of motherhood washing and sterilizing bottles multiple times a day.
very quick and easy to get a feed in.
you can squeeze all the air out of these liners.take a look at the images to see step by step how i connect this to my pump kit and using the adapter rings and caps store, and feed without the need for the nurser bottle to mimic as close to mommy breastfeeding as possible.
check out the images - you will see for yourself this amazing way to nurse your baby.
any pumping mother knows that it is perfectly reasonable to cry over spilled breast milk, and believe me, i've done that many times.
i have been using those for months and will keep using them.
so easy to use and not as much clean-up afterward.
i've found that most store brands work just as well and at a fraction of the cost.
worth the extra cost to continue to buy these.
these make bottle cleaning and heating near effortless.
these are a godsend.
used these throughout the bottle stage with our now 19-month old.
but she's pretty easy to feed.
if there's food in it, she'll figure out how to use it,lol.
the playtex dropins are a quick and easy way for bottles.
the 100 count box is a good value as well.
these are great liners.
love these bottles, but baby seems to drink faster with these nipples.
great for traveling with baby, but not that great for the environment.
these drop-in liners are great.
these are convenient and worth the money.
i love not having to wash the bottom part of my bottles.
the yin and yang of disposable liners is having to keep buying more.
i like that the playtex liners are thinner feeling, meaning the liner collapses better inside the bottle when baby is drinking...but even with the others feeling like a thicker plastic, they work as well.
these liners are a great idea in theory.
i used these with my first daughter 8 years ago.
they are wonderful!
this may make a difference for some using formula in respect to measuring differently with the expansion.
these work great for the playtex bottles.
the playtex with drop-ins system works great.
makes cleaning super easy - since you don't need to sterilize the bottle every time you use it.
the liner and the nipple are the only things that come in contact with milk - the liner is disposed off after one use, and the nipple can be easily sterilized.this system works particularly well when traveling.
made cleaning super easy on the flight - and gave me the piece of mind that everything was sterilized.
the playtex system works well with my medela breast pump - you will need to buy these liners, plus a set ofplaytex drop-ins system breast milk storage kitplaytex storage rings (which these liners drop into).
that kit comes with an adapter that fits on a medela pump.
the thin plastic allows the milk to heat up easily by submerging in warm water before feeding.
also, bpa free which is great!
i love this bottle system!
my whole family used these with their children so i decided to try them on my son and jeebus christ these are amazing.
works perfectly with the playtex drop in bottles.
i love this system and wish i had used it with my first child.
i love the concept of these bottles and liners, but they are not a good choice for babies with colic.
we measure in a different container and pour into the liner.
the best part about this system is that we are sure that the container holding the milk is clean- we just don't trust a regular plastic bottle to come completely clean.
our other bottles are the good old fashioned evenflo glass bottles.
it lines the nursers perfectly.
liners are nice because all i have to wash are the bottle nipples!
easy to fill, and disposable.
we were told about the playtex bottle by our lactation nurse.
such a time saver for clean up and disinfecting.
i love that it's always ready to go and that i don't have to clean a bottle and a brush and make sure that everything is clean inside.
they work fine, but are basically just smaller versions of adult clippers, and don't have any safety features to keep you from cutting baby's skin.
i like to keep a few of these with me for changing in public places or changing an extra dirty diaper.
just the right size, and leakproof.
i went to walgreens and got a large 50 count of underlayment pads that fit perfectly on our changing table for 3.99  please don't fall victim to the cute designs and baby marketing gimmicks.
these are very small in size and "paper-towel-like", kinda feel like napkins that are made with recycled paper.
we bought a pack and just couldn't use it because it is so small.
this was the best purchase!!
these work great and have saved our changing pad from being stained!!!
they are just like the paper they put under your chin at the dentist office - and they work great!!!
i love these and will be buying more.
they absorb pretty well--i admit that when my son decides to pee in the middle of a diaper change the sheet does get wet very fast, but 95% of the time it doesn't leak into my changing pad sheet.
love these.
if you set it to a lower temperature (between 1 and 2) and let it warm longer, it's easier to prevent overheating.this warmer does have an on/off switch, but still no built-in timer (the oven timer works just fine).and as far as the bottle floating around during heating, you can put the bottle in before you add the water, and fill up the water to the same level as the liquid in the bottle to prevent uneven bobbing.my son is now 1-year-old and no longer uses bottles, but i still use this warmer for his refrigerated baby food and even to warm up a cup of milk for him.
i use this warmer to warm both formula and breast milk.
i find it easy to use.
the warmer is small, compact and comes with a 4oz avent storage bottle and a spoon for baby food.
unlike other reviewers, i have an on/off switch at the back.
it's convenient, easy to use, small and nice!!
the bottle warmer works as advertised.
just keep an eye on it.
this warmer costs more than it's worth.
having to stand hawk eyed over a bottle warmer with a crying, hungry baby isn't fun...especially when it doesn't warm the first time around.
first, we read the directions and we follwed them.
sometimes at 4 min.
i exclusively feed my baby breastmilk, and that stuff is like "liquid gold" (from what everyone has told me, and i'm inclined to agree), and i can't even tell you how often i have put a bottle in the warmer to warm it and then forgot it was in there for like 15 minutes.
anyway, i still use it because i haven't found one with an auto-off feature, but will be looking for one.
you may also want to purchase the avent sterilizer.
it is fabulous.
the upside is that it does accommodate the wide neck bottles.
it's also an easy-to-clean item.
we've always used the microwave (most of the time) or a jug of hot water (when a mircowave wasn't available) to warm our first two children's bottles of formula - this worked fine for us as we knew the exact time to make the bottle just right.unfortunately my third child had to spend some time in hospital when he was two weeks old.
what we like about it is that it is easy to re-warm our bottles during a feed when the need arises and keeps all the goodness in the formula.
the fact that the light goes on and off as it's keeping the water at a constant temperature is also a bit of a pain as at 2am in a dimly lit kitchen you can just assume you already turned off the plug when you haven't if the light is out.despite these negatives things, they far outweigh the advantages for us of keeping our son's formula nice and warm.
it's easy to use, easy to keep clean and has worked pefectly from the day we bought it.we love it.
it's nice that it's small and doesn't use a lot counterspace.
i breastfeed, but have a hard time functioning in the middle of the night, so i pump during the day and warm a bottle for the baby in the middle of the night.
and actually, this is what my baby likes most.
sometimes i buy the ready to feed and store the bottles in the fridge so i warm them, but honestly, it takes a lot longer to do that than to just make the bottles.i think that this warmer actually takes longer to warm the bottles than to just put the bottle under hot water.
it can warm disposable, oversized, and odd shaped bottles, glass babyfood jars, and tin cans to name a few.
a plastic basket fits on the inside of the warmer, and is removable for larger items.
on the front of the unit is a dial control.
it has 3 settings, 1,2, and 3, 1 being the coolest.
next to the dial is a power light, which serves 2 purposes.1.)
it indicates the unit is "on" and working, and2.)
in addition, the express bottle & babyfood warmer is portable.
we traveled frequently when william was an infant, and this unit made a nifty travel companion.pros* accommodates all brands of bottles* heats fast and evenly* compact and lightweight* it's durable* heats bottle liners without melting the plastic* the basket can be removed to warm oversized bottles, i.e.
the express bottle & babyfood warmer heats fast, evenly, and it's durable.
okay, that's true, but it's also fair to say that i quickly learned to keep a timer when warming.
i overheated many bottles in the months i served warm milk, because i'd get distracted.
both were rare occasions.
it warms bottles fast, and evenly.2.)
it accommodates plastic, glass, tin, and a myraid of bottles styles.3.)
warms disposable bottles, and bottle liners, and4.)
i use the dr. brown's bottles with it and they fit fine.
before using to warm actual food or milk for my son i tested it out.
it does it's job.
it does warm bottles quickly and the variable temperature is a great feature, but i, as well as everyone else i know who own one, have overflowed this model repeatedly.
there are warmers that have specific compartments for warming jars of baby food, this one doesn't work well for jars, but then again, my son doesn't really like his food warmed up.
it's an o.k.
the fill line is crucial in getting the bottle warm.
if you fill it correctly it will work.
a bottle of cold breast milk from the fridge is warm in about 4 minutes.
i highly recommend this bottle warmer.
my baby is not on solids so i can't say how it works on baby food.
it still works, after 3.5 years, as well as it did when i bought it.
it does its job but it doesn't automatically shut off when the bottle is warm thus causing the bottles to be overheated sometimes.
i also purchase the first years night and day bottle warmer.
warm water in the microwave and stick the bottle in that...
i used it the next time my friend came over with her newborn and it worked great.
i like this a lot when i need to warm baby's bottles (i am not using avent bottles but it works fine).
be more simple!
i received this bottle warmer as a gift from a friend who has three children, two of which are twins.
and she was right, this works well.
with the avent express bottle warmer is the easiest way to warm up your bottles with less trouble.
otherwise, its great!!!
( avent products are the best out there...)
it's a very practical item, it saves time and avoids forgetting milk/food being overcooked/boiled!is very easy to clean.is not heavy at all, you can carry it everywhere.
))it's nice to have a place to warm the bottle, and it does cut down on wasting water (vs the other method of a bowl of warm water).
it still has many flaws.now i love avent items but this one they dropped the ball on.
oh well.
several reviews complain about features of this warmer, but i think it is wonderful.
i use avent bottles and gerber baby food jars in it with no problems.
it has three heat settings for how warm you want your bottle and a red light on the front shows when the bottle is warming.
the basket inside is removeable and makes it easy to pull out 2.5 ounce baby food jars.
the warmer is small, convenient and easy to clean.
i am very happy with it.
well my husband said we needed most of the stuff i said we didnt.
yet i still wouldnt admit it to my husband :).
my kids love pacifires so those are constantly in there, and so are all those teething rings.
this sterelizer is great, and it uses very little water (i have a purifier so i use pure water).
like another reviewer i highly recomend to unplug it when not in use!
it's quick, easy and efficient.
easy to use and most of all,its clean.
this one is easy.
other than that, this is perfect.
if you take out the racks you can fit a ton in it at once.
i can fit 6 avent bottle set-ups in the sterilizer and it works great.
it is quick and easy to use, not to mention it looks great on my countertop.
it doesn't take up a lot of space and it looks nice.
it's definitely quick and easy and can hold a lot.
i love the avent bottle sterilizer.
it is very easy to wash and fits well on the kitchen counter.
it makes life much easier and gives you more time to spend with your baby.
so we purchased the steam sterilizer and im so happy we did.
it has a permanent place on my counter top.
and it still works at good as the first time.
im very happy with our purchase
i am primarily breastfeeding, but i thought this would be useful for sterilizing pump parts and the occasional bottles, etc..
and not space consuming.
plus you can use them during travel, at the office, etc..  much more cost efficient and useful!
this has to have been one of my favourite purchases for baby - along with the prince lionheart ultimate wipes warmer.
this has made my life so easy!
it also has a warranty just by the way, so those who have complained it packed up within a year, you could have had it replaced free of charge!
this sterilizer is great!
for now, this sterilizer is excellent!
definitely worth the money!
we're very pleased with it.
we also have the avent food warmer...another great buy!
this sterilizer is so easy to use.
you just put water in the bottom, your bottles (rinsed with warm, soapy water) in the racks, put on the lid and press the button to start it.
the bottles are usually still a bit wet when the sterilization cycle is done, but you can leave them in there to dry, or place them on paper towels (putting a paper towel over the top of the bottles helps keep them sterile).
i sterilize avent and medela products in it and i have been very happy with the effectiveness and ease of this sterilizer.
perfect for breast pump accessories.
i washed everything, filled this with the items and water, and popped it in at 6 minutes in our microwave to have perfectly clean and sterilized bottles, pacifiers, or breast pump parts.
its easy, safe, convenient, and fast.
however, we still use the dishwasher, which is fairly hot.
i am keeping an eye on avent's statements:[...]we keep using them because they seem to be really excellent bottles and nipples, she feeds easily and doesn't get a whole lot of gas.
the sterilizer is actually a great place to store your pump when it's just been cleaned and not in use.
this is a great sterilizer.
it is so easy to use, fast, and holds lots of stuff.
this thing is great.
it so easy to use and fast.
i use the avent system and love this!now that she is about 7 months i only sterilize once a week but this s so simple i do not regret my choice.
i don't use avent bottles - works fine with other bottles.
boy, am i glad that i got this at my shower.
it sterilizes my avent breast pump as well.
you can't always depend on one thing to do the job and since it's your baby's health involved here, take the extra step and make sure with this item.
plus, it's just so very easy to use.
this is a great sterilizer and is so easy to use.
it can also double as a place to store your bottles.
this works great.
it's so easy to load up, everything fits snuggly and has it's place (i had trouble with bottles falling over in my electric steraliser), and extremely easy to wash and keep clean (the electric steraliser was a pain to clean - especially the element).as we use avent bottles - 4 fit perfectly and are steralised in 8 minutes (our microwave isn't very powerful).
this makes it quick and easy to sterilize.
around the outside.
we use it daily.
this sterilizer is absolutely wonderful, especially if you take your baby on the road, i.e.
if they've got a microwave, then you're ready to go.it's also very durable.
plus, unlike a bottle warmer appliance, there are no moving part or electrical components to wear out or break, so we expect we'll be using ours for years/babies to come.
the tray holds all types of bottles, caps, etc.
this is such a great item and i can't say enough good things about it!
i use it several times a day for pacifiers, baby bottles, and breast pump bottles.
this is great for anyone with the avent bottles.
a friend of mine got some of the bottles and the breast pump at her baby shower.
it is fast and simple to use and holds a lot of bottles as well as my breast pump accessories.
it fits all of her bottles and pacifiers in one process and it fits perfectly in my small kitchen when i am not using it.
definatly worth buying!
you will get good use out of it.
portable and easy to use.
love the convience and ease of use.
it's the best way to go!
do yourself and your child a favor and purchase a sterilizer.
i am not a clean freak who sterilizes everything my son touches.
it requires a small amount of water, and2.)
keep the manual handy, as the loading order for large bottles, differs from the 4-ounce size.3.)
it&#65533;s hot!
the contents inside the unit will remain sterile for up to 3-hours given that the lid remains closed.
be careful, not all toys are dishwasher safe.
if it&#65533;s top-drawer dishwasher safe, than it&#65533;s probably sterilizer safe.
it was probably soon after will started solid foods.
the express microwave steam sterilizer turned out to be one of the best purchases i made the year my son was born, and i will happily recommend it to anyone.happy feeding,mary :)
while we agree that a sterilizer isn't really needed, we liked having this one when we wanted to quickly sterilize our daughter's bottles.
it also sterilizes other pieces like breast pumps, etc.
the sterilizer works great, simply, and fast!
the express steam sterilizer is really the easiest and most efficient way to go if you want to be assured that your baby's bottles are truly clean.
it is quick, easy and effective.
i love this sterilizer.
the avent bottles fit perfectly.
i now use the dr. brown's bottles and just have to lay them on their sides.
i sterilized bottles and breast pumps the old fashioned way with my first child and in the begining w/ my 2nd child.
this is a very simple, fast, effective and economical way to get just about everything for baby sterilized.
i love this.
this is the most wonderful item i have gotten.
i love this.
i also love it because you never know if you are washing the bottles and pacifiers and such with warm enough water (i am a first time mom).
this is well worth the money.
it is so easy to use and comes with extra bottles.
i am happy to say that neither of us has suffered from thrush or any infection.it's also wonderful for pacifiers and bottles.
i use the avent bottles which fit perfectly... but also have mendela bottles that fit wonderfully, too.i would highly recommend.
i love this sterlizer.
the wattage is simple to use, just look inside your microwave on the bottom with all the info and it tells you what wattage it is and them refer to the manual to see the time.
highly reccomended
we initially bought this sterilizer for use with our first child born in 2005.
i loved it then, but i'm even more impressed with some updated details in the version we just bought for our second child.
the inner steam tray also has more slots and spots that make arranging items easier.
that the sterilizer comes with bottles is pure bonus.
does what it says.
i wish it were a bit smaller, but i suppose its size accommodates large bottles.
it saves my skin from hand washing in scorching hot water  (but i still give things a quick rince in warm soapy water before tossing them in the sterilizer).
this is a great item if you don't run the dishwasher alot.
we use this for home and travel.
good item.
very convenient.
this is one of those baby products!
it's very easy to use: so easy to use, you will learn to use it (believe me, this is important) &quot;in your sleep&quot;.
finally, and perhaps most important of all: this is an essential piece of baby gear.
sure, you can boil those bottles and those pacifiers, but let's face it: this is the 21st century, and you might as well make use of your microwave.
i found that when i used the dishwasher bottles and nipples turned colors depending on the food that we ate that week.
(red when we ate pasta).
this is a great thing to have and we still use it a few times a week and my son is 10 wks old.
i love this sterlizer!
best purchase i have made!
you will want to use and oven mit or towel to take out of microwave and keep your face and hands away when opening it.this sterlizer is great!
it's so simple, makes your life so much easier!!!
the lit will close if you turn it until you find the right position.
it just works perfectly.
great!
this is great!
it's quick & easy.
it worked fast and great.
this is a great tool to get all those baby/toddler items germ free.
i mainly use mine for sterilizing my breast pump supplies, bottles, and pacifiers.
this one is easier to store and use and is faster.
this is the best way to sterilize bottles, bottle pieces, pacifiers, and breastpump parts.
it is quick and easy.
we use the avent bottles &amp; avent isis breast pump and they are made to fit into this sterilizer.
however, it works just as well on other stuff.
we love it.
my almost 4 month old son is very small (24th percentile!)
but for those people who need or really want a sterelizer, this ones great.
it cleans my bottles very well, and i use mostly avent by the way.
i love this sterelizer and it has kept my small son very healthy, happy and playful!
most books that i've read and my doctor agrees that it really isn't necessary to sterilize bottles.
my son goes through tons of bottles a day and its not convenient to sterilize them in this item.
this is one of my most used items from my registry.
i bought this one as well as the full size counter version.
in the dishwasher the nipples sometimes come out with the white dish det.
common sense tells you what to touch or not touch and honestly if you do it once...you won't do it again..
it also serves as a nice place to store my pump parts at the office, where i know they will remain clean and untouched.
this product is easy to use, works well and is fast .
and everyone knows that time is precious is a new baby.
i use advent bottles & pacifiers and they fit perfect as do all the parts to my medela breast pump.
this sterilizer is great though as it is very light weight and easy to store in between uses.
we used avent bottles and 4 oz and 9oz.
i love this sterilizer.
i am a breastfeeding mother and use the avent isis to pump milk from time to time.
this sterilizer fits the isis perfectly along with a few bottles, nipples and sealing discs.
it stays there until i'm ready to use it again.
it is very time saving, rinses easily, and works very well.
it is very easy to use and since i am using avent products and an avent manual pump, everything fits great in this sterilizer.
there are slots for basically everything and it all stays put when i am moving it around.i know that it isn't really necessary, but i like using it for that extra peace of mind that my baby is getting clean bottles.
i love this sterilizer and avent products in a whole!
i bought a sterilizer because i don't use the dishwasher at all, and well i just didn't trust it to 'sterilize' my baby's bottles well (especially the nipples!).
it is very easy to store and does the job well.
avent bottles fit perfectly in it (as i'm sure you already guessed), but it also fits all other bottles!
i use it to sterilize my bottles, nipples, caps, pacifiers, teethers and breast pump parts.
i generally sterilize the bottles once a week, but if needed, i can take it out and sterilize her teethers, etc anytime.
the first is the scf271/07 (asin b001c3kxpg) and the second is the scf271/02 (asin b000056ouh).
well it doesn't help to take an extra step to go thru a short few minutes in the microwave.
again, if you're in this page then you've come to accept that this sterilization process is worth the extra caution.how many minutes in the microwave at full power and 200ml of water?2 minutes @ 1,100 - 1,850w, 2 minutes cooldown4 minutes @ 850 - 1,000w, 2 minutes cooldown6 minutes @ 500 - 800w, 2 minutes cooldowni'm restating these from the manual because it's important to ensure proper use.
so yes you can sterilize in advance and leave it inside until you need it for the day.comments:avent and philips have consistently provided quality plastic products.
follow the included instructions and enjoy.
i use this sterilizer daily.i only gave it four stars because i put in the breast shield from my first years breast pump and it melted a bit where the shield sat in the appropriate slot.
i can still use the breast shield but there is a permanent dent melted into it.
otherwise, i love this sterilizer!
this was the perfect solution for my pump parts and bottles.
this fits all of my pump parts and 2-3 bottles and nipples.
i use this sterilizer twice a day and it really makes the task quick and simple.
well worth the price of admission!
)- its great for travel,not too big, not too small.- very very very easy to clean- it does the job in 4 minutes!you can keep it anywhere because of its convinient size ( and its made of plastic!
i purchased this and it works wonderful...however, we do have a dishwasher and i find myself using that to clean the bottles over using the sterilizer.
if you don't have a dishwasher i highly recommend it!
it's such a great invention!
and if you keep the lid closed after sterilizing, contents stay sterilized for a day!be sure to check your microwave power though, since it takes 4 minutes for a 1100watts microwave, longer for less powerful ones.
and a few pacifiers easily.
since it's sooo easy to use, i also sterilize all my daughter's plastic toys in it.
the greatest thing about this sterelizer is that it gives me peace of mind that whatever goes into my 2-month old daughter's mouth is clean :)
we love this sterilizer.
it is quick, easy to use, and fits other brands as well.
i bought this right after my daughter was born and it is wonderful!!!!!!!
a must have for working moms.
however, this is a nice feature so you can try these bottles out to determine if you want to use their bottles or not.
even got the hubbie to use it!
solo viertes un poco de agua en este esterilizador, introduces los teteros y lo metes al microondas y listooo, ya estan excelente para darle la leche al bebe....
pretty good.
it does fit on the side of the dresser we converted to a changing table though.
this diaper  depot is absolutely perfect.
it hangs perfectly on my changing table.
i did put a piece of fabric under it so the finish doesn't get scratched on the changing table.
i love having everything right there at changing/dressing time without taking up drawer space.
it attaches perfectly to the gulliver changing table we have from ikea which made me really happy.
i'm curious to see how it will work with the cloth diaper inserts since we're planning on cloth diapering when our baby is out of the newborn stage.
his changing table is a dresser than came with a wooden surround that is removable once you are out of the diaper changing stage.
great size, good quality and versatile.
because my changing table is also a dresser, the changing table edge/lip isn't as wide as the dresser, so the diaper depot wouldn't hang on the sides, just the front (no thanks).
it must hang on the edge of whatever you're hanging it on, otherwise, it won't fit.
i bought a different one (dex) that has velcro straps.
i have an ikea changing station and this works great to help keep everything handy while changing the little guy.
it was very simple to put together and was very easy to attach to the front of our changing table.
the top caddy easily holds one of the wipes tubs.
the diaper caddy holds a variety of sizes easily...we were able to double stack the newborn size diapers and easily hold several of our son's size 4 diapers as well.
the containers on the side are not huge and not very deep, but they are large enough to hold a few essentials (i.e.
this isn't a dealbreaker for me, as it's just as easy to store those items in a bin on my changing table.
the acrylic is pretty sturdy...it's withstood at least one drop and a few accidental bangs and hasn't cracked.my only one (very minor) complaint is that the clip at the top isn't wide enough to attach to the side of my changing table.
it's not a huge issue, but it would be nice to be able to adjust it.
overall, we've been very please with this and plan to order another to use on our secondary changing area on the pack and play in our family room.
for us, storage space is an issue.
tons of storage space for all the diaper changing essentials!
freed up space on my changing table as baby has grown and now takes the whole length!
just make sure your changing table has a rail for it to hang on (see the pic).
i got this for my changing table and it looks great.
i actually purchased it used from an infant resale shop and i am so happy that i did.
now my son is about to turn one and his size four diapers are a perfect fit, we still use this item every day!
we have a pottery barn kids changing table that has a decorative moulding that sticks out about 3/4 inch beyond the frame of the changer top.
not worth it.
we hang it off the side of the changing table and it keeps everything handy.
the plastic is thick and it is very well constructed.
the only issue we have with it was keeping the box of wipes from moving about in the space for the wipes.
we just use the plastic flip top box the wipes come in and it isn't a wipe warmer so it is smaller.
i bought this organizer since i will use the pack and play in our living room for changes.
this fit perfectly and holds everything i need.
however, it does hang on the side of my changing table nicely and keeps all the little items together.
it's definitely a nicer way to keep diapers and wipes organized at my pack 'n play changing table.
it fits onto the side of the pack 'n play nicely.
i wish the tub for the wipes box on top was deeper though.
but all in all, this has been a nice item to have at my pack 'n play for diaper changing!
my son is huge and long for his age.
wipes are right there and we put a kleenex box in the diaper dispenser (the diaper dispenser isn't great--i'm not sure how it works w/o you grabbing more than one at a time.
we put the diapers on the shelf right under the table and put products and stuff in the lion heart thing.a must have!!
i loved it!
what i liked best was when friends and family came over to help out with the baby, they could clearly see where everything was to change baby's diaper.
love this item.
organizes everything nicely.
a friend made a changing tray for us that sits on the dresser and i wanted to be able to have wipes and diapers in reach without taking up dresser top.
this was the perfect solution.
it is a must buy and well worth the amount i paid for it.
i purchased this for use on our play yard where our son slept when he first came home.
when i received it the size was appropriate, and i was able to attach it to the side of our play yard.
this model is such a space saver for my small changing table.
it's very strong and easy to hook on the sides of the table (make sure that the edge of your changing table is not too wide though and be aware when you want to put  any wipe warmer on the top tray.
most of them don't fit inside the tray.
and the side containers also don't fit very large bottle of baby powder or lotion).
i still highly recommend it though.
i use mine on my changing table and it keeps everything so handy in one place.
it is always neat and together, and i never have to look around for what i need.
this is a minor inconvenience for the organization that it provides.
this goes well with the new prince lionheart wipe warmer as well.
all my daughter's furniture is a variety of delta children's products and we own thedelta eclipse changing table, white.
we already stocked the diapers, wipes, warmer, etc on the changing table and thought we were ready to go until our instructor at a baby class at the hospital gave us advice on changing our baby.
instead, we got themunchkin warm glow wipe warmer - greenas a gift.
the middle compartment is for diapers that you pull out from a slat at the bottom.
the top part compartment is for baby wipes, which fits your standard wipe case.
although the munchkin wipe warmer we own doesn't fit on that top compartment for wipes, it still does everything we need to for everything else.highly recommended.
it fits perfectly on the diaper changing station attached to our crib.
it's easy to fill and the side compartments are very handy.
i have the prince lionheart wipes warmer and it tends to slip out of the top part of the stand.
an excellent replacement for those fabric organizers that hang off of the sides of things, this is plastic, rigid.
this one holds a lot but is not large.
you can easily hold a day or two worth of diapers, wipes, creams, and lotions.
we have one upstairs near the changing table and another downstairs near the pack and play.
wonderful idea!
i am so glad we found this, it works and fits perfectly for our changing table.the only issue we have now is that the wipes are accessible by the child being changed, and sometimes she likes to sit up and try to grab the pack.
this is a great item to have on the side of your changing table.
i have both a diaper stacker and this.
the diaper stacker is great for a decorative accent and storage of tons of diapers.
the diaper depot is great for holding those diapers handy for the middle of the night changing.
also, the wipes warmer fits right on top in the perfect reach.
the side compartment, they can come off, hold all the perfect necessities like desitin and baby lotion.
i held alcohol pads in them for the umbilical cord for the first two weeks.
i highly recommend it.
the lip that allows the item to hang on the side of a crib or changing table is too narrow to fit over the edge of my pack-n-play.
there is plenty of room to fit everything i need to use at the changing table in the side pockets... and i use the dex wipe warmer with changing light in the area of the wipe holder.
i actually used this with my pack n play and loved the handy organizer features.
still - this item was very handy.
note: it only fits on the "front" of a changing table or play yard (the attachment arm/hook is not wide enough to hang from the sides).update at 1 yr: still using this item.
a good buy & fit on the pack-n-play but also on the changing table late on.
we attached this right to the side of the changing table that came with our pack and play and it holds everything you could possibly need while changing your baby.
this is one of my most useful baby items.
i hang it on the side of the changing table and it holds diapers, wipes, and diaper cream.
you can also hang it on the side of those playards that have changing tables attached.
this is the perfect addition to our changing table!
would definitely recommend!
this hooks right on the side of my pack and play!
very space saver and affordable!
i stacked for newborn size diapers and size 1 diapers and it fits perfectly, even when i pull one diaper at a time, the other diapers don't slide through it.
i can't believe how inexpensive this item is that comes with a great quality.
definitely recommend this item if you don't have enough space in your nursery!!!!
i thought this was going to be a valuable addition to my sons changing table.
the wipes being stacked on top, means that refilling it is not so easy either.
pfits perfectly on our changing table and keeps everything nearby.
if you plan to use it to hold normal plastic container of wipes, then you're fine.
thanks to amazon's awesome return policy.
this doesn't fit over the edge of the pack n play.
perfect for organizing what you need on your changing table.
it is not huge which was great for me because our nursery is not huge either.
it held our wipe warmer (which was a little big on top but it staid in place), diapers, and the two side containers held creams, nail clippers, etc.
it is strong plastic and hung perfectly on the side of our ikea changing table.
this diaper depot is a life saver.
even though the rest of your house may fall apart, this will keep your baby essentials organized!!!!!
everthing fits in it great.
the plastic is sharp and scratched my changing table on both sides as i was trying to figure out how to make it work.
i considered using a cloth or something soft to protect the wood from the plastic, but quickly decided it's not worth it -- not only will it not work with newborn diapers, but it is also not left-handed friendly, and really does not give much storage space.
returning it right away.
it doesnt fit every changing table.
although our crib is curvy and not straight on the sides it still holds everything just right.
this holds our wipe warmer and about 2 days' worth of diapers, so far so good.
i keep hand sanitizer and lotion for me on the changing table between the pad and the edge of the table.
wish it would hold a little more, but it's great to have the things it will hold within easy reach of our son while we're changing him.
it is wonderful becasue it allows for the wipes, diapers, powder, and a rash ointment all to be stored at your fingertips.
it also works well to prevent damage to your changing table due to the warmer getting hot (which does happen).
it just needs a little bit or re-designing and it would be awesome!but, all in all it is a great little extra that provides well needed extra storage.
it has enough room for about 15 diapers and a wipes container on the top.
i bought and returned a couple of changing table hanging organizers.
it fits my badger basket changing table just fine.
they don't fit perfect, but well enough that i'm happy!
i did all my research before purchasing, ie: measuring the size of my daughters changing table...and this was a great fit.
she's now 16 months (yes just writing this review now) and we still use it.
all her creams, lotions and accessories fit in the side compartments.
very pleased.
very handy to have attached to the pack n play downstairs as our other diapering station.
its great, it fits so many items, i fit like 15-18 size 1 diapers, wipes, bottle of cream, tube of diaper cream, lots of small staff (hair brush, cotton swabs, nail clippers, alcohol pads, etc.)
well  this huge plastic thing doesnt look very attractive, but it super useful and clear, so u dont see it right away in the room.
i have an ikea baby changing station and i needed an organizer that would hang from it, because i can't velcro something through it.
this allows me to use the entire space of the changing pad for my baby.
otherwise, i'd use some of the space to keep my wipes and diaper on the pad while i'm changing my baby.
as she's growing, i need to be able to use the entire space for her and diaper depot helps me do just that.
love it.
this diaper caddy is a wonderful addition to our baby room which has very little counter space to put stuff.
good luck!
most diaper caddies out there for your changing table take up valuable table space, so this really appealed to me since it "hangs" over the edge of the table.
it looks nice and works well, gets the job done.
would definitely recommend to all parents of newborns.
the diper depot works well with our prince lionheart whipe warmer.
it's ridgid, plastic construction makes it a stable platform as compaired to the soft vinyl organizers.
*~
i love this diaper depot.
it holds the diaper warmer on top and the side bins are great for nic-nacs like diaper cream, nail clippers, brush, etc.
it frees up so much space from the changing table and keeps everything organized and accessible.
we have a graco sarah changing table and it fits perfectly on the front.
this was one of the best baby items we bought along with the prince lionheart premium diaper warmer.
i have a prince lionheart wipe warmer that fits perfectly on top.
i love this item.
the diaper depot fits over the the side very nicely, keeps everything in reach.this will also fit a crib.
once my daughter outgrows the bassinet it will be fine and we still use it right now but it will be more useful when it fits.
we use the diaper depot for our pack and play playard.
it's not a perfect fit, but it works, and it sure beats running around to get diapers, wipes, etc.
i also own the ultimate wipes warmer and it clicks right into the top of this.
it holds quite a bit of diapers for size 1 and i'm sure as they get bigger it won't hold as many.
i love having this because it's right on the end of the changing table, has everything i need in it and is a life saver.
like many other reviewers, we used this on our pack n play as part of a secondary changing station.
it needed a little force fitting but worked okay.
the unit has helped us keep everything we need for changes organized and ready.
yes, the side compartments are on the small side, but they manage to hold a tub of vaseline, a container of purell, a tube of baby lotion and a brush.
we had a pack n play w/bassinet and changing accessory set up in our lower living room instead of always having to go all the way upstairs to the baby's room.
i have it and love it.
holds wipe warmer, diapers, diaper creme, hair brush/comb, some q-tips, powder, small bottle of lotion...you get it.
both are great, but it depends on the type of changing table you have.
or if you choose to use the top of a dresser like i did, you'll love the "dresser depot".
love it, and it is a must in our babies room, but the only drawback is that our wipe warmer (lion heart 2004 model) does not fit correctly.
i love that everything you need can be placed in the diaper depot and so easy to grab one handed of course.note:we do not use the bottom basket under the wipe warmer as a diaper storage but instead as a cloth towel holder and it works great, especially if you have a boy and need alittle protection and/or clean up from showers!
also our diaper stacker holds more and adds decor to the nursery's theme
i bought this product to organize diaper changing items, in one of the photos it showed the wipes warmer of the same brand sitting nicely on the top, i got both products however the warmer is larger than the top so while it sits on the top its not stable.
and i use the diaper storage as back up when my dh uses last diaper and i and elbow deep in poop, this is a life saver
this is great!it fits perfectly and securely over the side of the changing table.
).it is a very solid plastic - it is not flimsy at all.
it also puts the wipes right there - easy to grab!highly recommended!
this is very convenient.
i have it connected to the side of our changing table, which makes it easy for me to have the essentials readily available when time for a diaper change.
great purchase.
this was recommended to me by a fellow mom, and it works great!
highly recommend.
this fits perfectly over the side of our babyletto crib and saves a lot of space.
this is an awesome organizer that many of my friends use and love.
best of luck with your new babies!
our changing table has curved ends, and it still fits nicely on the end!
the top is the perfect size for a variety of diaper cases, and diapers fit nicely underneath.
i highly recommend it if you need extra storage or shelf space!
after purchasing the depot, i found it does not work well on my changing table (dresser style with fold out top).
i purchased the ultimate wipes warmer, which will not fit on top of the depot while it is hanging on the side of the changing table.
perhaps these products work fine with a typical changing table, but keep in mind they do not work with a folding top dresser type.
we have this at the top of our stairs.
it works great!
they give you a ton of ties.
at the end of the day, it does what it says and keeps the kid from falling though the railing.
easy to install and very sturdy if you attach it properly.
once my girls are old enough i will get rid of the netting and gates and maybe even reclaim the living room as an adult room.
until then this item is a great purchase to keep children safe.
i use it in my indoor round stair and patio stair.
easy to install.
not the prettiest net, but it works and it isn't permanent!
installation, however, is worthy of an epic stress fest.
we ended up using zip ties like some of the other reviewers and found that to work quite nicely for getting the netting taut.
along the bottom we did use their eye screws that they included.
nice quality, fits well, and easily tailored to fit my application with little effort.
appear to be durable and safe!
this works perfectly on my banister keeps baby safe from falling through the wide opening.
it is definitely not the most stylish or fancy looking safety net.
but for the purpose of an outdoor guard it is perfect.
the nails are nice and small and won't leave any longterm damage.
it has been really great.
it is huge.
and i forewarn you, if you want a sink tub, this is not the one for you.
this is a great bath tub and fits perfectly in my bath tub inspite of its hugh size.
we got this lovely tub after giving up on inflatablessnug tub, and a few smaller hard platic modelsfisher-price bath center - aquarium ocean wonders,safety 1st comfy bath center in light blue, andthe first years sure comfort newborn to toddler tub.it has been really great for us: bigger than most, but still small enough to cradle your baby or toddler.
my daugther has always been big for her age, but at age 2.5 and 40" tall, she is still using and loving this tub.
the primo eurobath solves both of those issues nicely.i like that you can fill it pretty full for older toddlers so they stay warm and get to experience the feeling of a real, splashy bath (with toys) without the safety concerns and slipperyness of an adult tub.
at her size, she can't physically slip and get underwater in this tub (without doing a handstand in it or something)!i also like that you can place your child in the saddle seat end or the more open end.
each side has some support, with the toddler end allowing more movement but not as much as just an open plastic tub- the plastic pommel in the center provides a nice barrier to force her to stay seated.and speaking of staying seated: you kind of have to stay seated in this tub- standing up in it is a little awkward, which is good.
i can see us continuing to use it for quite a while longer, until my daughter is a little more mature and can handle the freedom of the big tub.
we got the eurobath when our daughter was six months old, and we love it!
it's true that you have your hands free for bathing, because the tub fully supports even the wiggliest baby.
our daughter was able to spread out her legs and splash around, and she still loves it now that she's a toddler.
although the tub is big, it's definitely worth a little hassle, because it makes bathtime fun for everyone.
we got this bath for our newborn.
even now she prefers to lay her legs on top of the stopper, not around.so for the first 4 months we used the infant bath seat made by the same company that was absolutely great.
this is a great tub for babies too big for the sink but too small for the real tub!
i highly recommend!
my advice is to buy a smaller tub that you can use in the sink- save your back and spare your knees now because you wont always have the luxury of bathing your child this way long.
after my son started walking and climbing, he just used it for leverage to climb out.
if you don't have a deep enough sink for the puj tub, this works well for small babies too.
this is our 3rd (and surely, the last and the best) baby bath tub!
the first 2 tubs (safety 1st and summer) were nice but became too small for our baby when he was just 2.5 months old.
depth of tub allows for baby to be partially submerged in water keeping him warm throughout his bath.2.
works great for first-time moms who fear and dread bathing a baby!3.
great anchors for the baby's arms.
these help mom clean baby's armpits, nape and back without any hassle, while keeping the baby in place, secure and comfortable.4.
highly recommended for babies from birth to toddler.
we bought this tub after our son outgrew his standard baby tub because we were nervous about putting him in our deep jetted bathtub.
it's been a great item and our son loves his baths more than ever.
the way the tub is designed works out perfectly for our wiggly toddler - it "holds" him in place so that he doesn't slip under.
two tiny prices to pay for a great tub - i would definitely recommend it and i would purchase it again.
however, if you have a dedicated child's bathroom where you can keep it, then this is a great baby bath tub.
i use this tub along with the safer bather and absolutely love it.
our daughter never liked it.
it is also a huge tub.
the baby is now 6 weeks and i can say that it is a well designed tub.pros: works great for newborn and the baby can continue to grow into it.
i have to use it in our kitchen or the master bathroom where we have a large enough counter top.
make sure you have enough counter space to place the tub on.
baby is happy and safe.
my son was 5 months old when i bought it, and he is now 14 months... it works great for us!
i love that this tub is bpa free, and it cleans/dries very well.
one of my most useful buys!
this tub was the best we have used!
we absolutely love this tub!
my daughter is 3.5 years old and i have been looking for a large enough sturdy bathtub for her.this one is just perfect in every aspect.it is large and deep enough for a toddler and very comfortable and stylish.my daughter is thrilled with it and loves her bathtime in her new primo euro bath.it is easy enough to empty out the water and it fits perfectly in a standard bathtub.definately a good buy.i would not reccomend it to parents of a newborn or a small baby.this is more of a second baby bathtub.
we decided we'll be hanging it in our bathroom out of the way, once the newborn phase is over.i think it will last throughout infancy and am glad we received it.
my 9 month old son loves bath time with the fisher price precious planet whale of a tub.
he loves bath time with his fisher price whale tub since he was an infant.
never once saw my son slip on the whale tub.
we like that this tub is large enough to bathe a toddler in.
for my little ones who are not old/big enough to shower, this tub allows them to take a bath with ample room.
the idea of being able to use one tub from birth to age two seemed very efficient.
now, at a year old (and about 27 pounds!)
we still use the infant/reclining side, since i love the extra help the molded parts give me while bathing her.
it's big, but that's a key feature.
we have five different tubs at home and both grand parents house plus a travel tubs.
i highly recommend this!
big, but great tub for newborn.
kept my son, comfy, warm, secure and safe
i have had this tub for at least a year and a half now, and i still love it.
my chunk 26 month old can still fit in it comfortably.
i am able to bathe my little one without any help.
would highly recommend this tub.
this is the only tub i have ever owned, and i love it!
of the ones i've tried i felt that the molded ones don't grow well with the kids, and the ones with padding, foam, or the slings never get as clean as you want them.
she is a year old now and she still fits just fine.
it holds the tub, and we still have plenty of room to shower.
it might just be true!when our lo was born, we started with one of the smaller standard bathtub with a net.
now that we've tried it, we wish we'd have gotten the eurobath right from the start.pros:- fits in our standard bath tub- can be hanged (we use a command hook)- keeps baby comfy and safe for months on the &#34;baby&#34; side (at 7 months old, 18 lbs and over 28&#34;, our lo still uses the &#34;baby side&#34;)- there seems to be lots of space on the other side for when we're ready for it- empties fast and easily- actually saves water because it's so wide that there's no water loss when filling from the tub spout- no mold issues- baby loves it!cons:haven't found any yet.
first, this is for our 3rd baby and it's our 3rd tub.
i love it, it's really big and very sturdy.
we've been using this tub since our son was about 6 months old.
at first we used the infant position which worked great.
after a year, he is still using it and fits perfectly in it.
the tub went through a lot of banging, crayola drawing and stuff like that, but it looks great, and works like new.
this tub is great.
my son is very big for his age and yet still fits in it really well.
it is very sturdy and yet is light to carry and as our bathroom is quite small is hung on the wall out of the way when not in use.
the newborn side of the tub is awesome.
she is now 8 months and sits very well on her own.
great bath tub for babies because it provides the back support for babies.
great bath tub still.
it is a great bath tub for my newborn!
the side for the newborns in this tub makes them feel safe since the baby does not slips so easily.
it also gives a good support for the head.
we absolutely love the eurobath!
we use it in conjunction with the safer bather bath pillow and our 6 month old just loves bath time!
the tub is incredibly well constructed, with a convenient drain at the bottom.
a friend has this tub and highly recommended it.
the tub is roomy and the grooves hold him well.
we love this tub and highly recommend it!
our 4 month old son outgrew the first year's infant to toddler tub within a few months.
he tried it out yesterday and he was so happy!
he fit in the tub very nicely.
we started using this tub when our son was three weeks old, and he just seemed so small in the tub.
we keep it in the tub of our spare bathroom, and it takes up most of the tub.
this tub is very very large.
i am going to go back to the sure comfort deluxe tub once my son has better control over his movements.
i am very suprised that this tub got such great reviews because of the size of it.
this is a big tub, but it works.
we put it on the counter between our double sinks so it is easy to use.
i bought it because you can use it for newborns as well as toddlers.
for small newborns it is not as comfortable, they kind of slide around a bit.
it is nice and deep, which is good for boys just in case they pee, it doesn't make it out of the tub.
that aspect of it was nice, but when we started putting our son down in the water, he was moving all over the place and sliding down a lot.
(a great book to get to research baby gear) and found this bathtub.
it is the best!
our son was comfy and in a reclined position.
at some point, we started putting this tub inside our bathtub.
we bathed our daughter in this from new born until 3 1/2.
it's worth every penny.things to know:1) the tub is big.
i works great as it has 2 sides.
this tub is a little big, but it is absolutely the best tub out there.
easy to clean and will grow with the baby.
its great for itty bitty babies, big babies, and even small toddlers.
love this bathtub.
the closest highly rated blue whale tubfisher-price precious planet whale of a tub(like most others), while really cute, has a tendency to develop mold in hidden crevices.
she is 4 months now and still loves it.
it is quite big in size but we have ample counter space on the vanity so it works well for us.
baby bargains rated this tub as their top pick for 2011.
i wish i could chime in with other reviewers and say how great it is, but i had some issues with it and thought others might benefit from my experience.
first of all, it's huge.
secondly, the infant section of the tub is quite large.
i did give it three stars, though, because it is a nice quality tub and if you're baby (and bathroom) is on the larger side, you would probably love this.
this is by far the best purchase we've made for our son - at 2 months old he was 16 lbs, and too big for most tubs.
this one is perfect.
he absolutely loves it - he kicks and splashes and has so much fun in the bath!
our 7 month old nephew took a bath in it the other night, and he loved it as well.
he sat up where my son lies, and also had support and freedom at the same time.
it's too large for our kitchen cabinet, but it works well inside a bathtub.
i got this tub on the advice of previous reviews and have to agree it's great.
the wet fabric helped keep them in place.
this tub is great for my 19 month old.
it is a large tub to store, but i don't mind since it makes our bath times so fun and easy!
i actually put this tub into our bathroom tub for bathtime - fits perfectly.
it is a huge tub.
your baby will have support with this and can lay in it alone.
this means your hands will be free which is great for a quick bath if your baby is like mine and cries during the whole time.
it greeted us on the porch of our house when we arrived home with the baby.
we chose it based on the rave reviews of a trusted friend and the advice of nicu nurses in a baby preparation class we took.
after 22 months of use, this tub is still in perfect condition and our daughter still fits in it with room to spare.
this tub allows you to wash your child with at least one, if not both, hands free.
the baby sits in what reminds me of a western-style saddle with the piece in front that won't let baby slip down -- even as a newborn.
we expect she'll fit in this tub well past her 2nd birthday.
now that's what i call bang for your buck.we got one of those inflatable duck tubs for our daughter's first birthday as a gift.
we blew it up tonight thinking maybe we'd start putting her in the adult tub with the duck since she splashes us a lot now and soaks the walls when we use the eurobath on the bathroom counter top.
in the eurobath, even at nearly two, she still has plenty of room to sit and play with all manner of bath toys.
my baby is one month old and we love the eurobath!
pros:this tub is perfect for my 6 month old.
it's nice and big, the water covers her whole body and she has room to splash and play with good support.
hopefully in the future we can use it again.
bathing my infant girl has been so easy thanks to this bathtub!
she is six months old now and loves her bathtime more and more each day.
she still fits comfortably in the infant seat and is able to kick and splash very easily and safely.
yes, it is much bigger than most tubs, which makes it impossible to store anywhere but in your own tub or shower stall, but it is worth it, because i know that we will be using it well past her first year.
it will last well until he is 2 and works wonderfully.
if a plastic tub can't endure shipping, how can it handle a growing toddler?
i ended up ordering the hoppop bath, which i love.
i still prefer the hoppop that i purchased through amazon.
it is quite large and takes up a lot of space.
this tub is large, fits in the bath tub, and works very well for our daughter.
it also has a plug in the bottom.
right now our daughter is using the cradle piece, and loves that she can splash around.
one of our best baby purchases!
i love this tub!
the moulded shapes hold my baby nicely and allow me to have my hands free to bathe him properly.
we always lay a towel in the bottom to keep him from slipping around and for comfort.
the drain on the side is a nice convenience and makes emptying it easy.
the only issue is it's size, but we found that it fits perfectly under the crib and we store all of the baby toys, towels and baby bath products inside.
this tub is huge, which i was aware of..it's one of the reasons i love it.
my son who is almost 8-months, looooves the freedom this tub gives him.
once he becomes more steady, and aware of himself, it will become easier.
i used it a couple times, now a year later it sits in our closet.
the tub is well-designed and comfortably keeps my 5 month-old baby in place while i'm washing him.
our son loves to kick and splash in it.we originally had the fisher-price aquarium tub, which was great for our newborn - 4 months.
well it's a molded plastic.
very well shaped though!
my husband and i love this tub.
our son was very cramped in his smaller tub at just 4 months of age!
my son is in the 90 percentile for his height & 60 percentile in weight.now the reason why i gave it 4 stars: it is not ideal for newborns because it doesn't come with a hammock.
from 0-4 months, the smaller tub was great for our son.
it also allowed us to bathe our son standing up because the smaller tub fits on top of the kitchen sink.
in my opinion this is more ideal for babies who are 14lbs and up!
we've been using this since birth for the past 4 months and it's working well.
great bath!
super useful and will be used for much longer than a typical baby bathtub.
we had a 4 stage tub for our son, but he got really big and it didn't fit any more.
i saw this tub listed in baby bargains (great book!)
my son has a ton of room to splash around and play.
as the previous review stated, this is the perfect tub for a tall baby.
yes, it is big but we keep it in the bathtub of our spare bathroom all the time so it is not an issue.
i love that it's roomy and has a couple different options for seating.
this is a big improvement over our previous tub, which had no built-in supports - only a separate chair on which our son would constantly be sliding downward.three places for improvement:1.
the middle support piece could be taller.
for the most part, it holds my 6-month-old in the reclining position.
i needed a bathtub that would work for both my infant son and my 3.5 year old daughter.
i also needed a new infant tub.
i really like the size of this tub, because it is huge (though it still fits easily into my standard size tub).
it has a nice contoured reclined position on one side to hold my infant son, yet the sitting position on the opposite side provides ample space for my 3.5 year old daughter.
especially for 1st time parents!
also, it is quite large for counter-top use but we made it work in our master bathroom, too big for the kitchen.
so i'm so happy i found this.
it worked perfect.
super easy and my son had so much fun taking a bath since he could play with a couple toys.
my son is 15 months old now and i have started putting him in the regular bath tub now and he does fine now that he has good balance and everything.
it's a good investment.
it is large....you'll need space to store it or in our case we just keep it in the tub in our extra bathroom!
you and your baby will love it!
very durable and easy to clean.
i have used this tub for my two kids and it is perfect for our needs.
we use it inside our full sized tub.
my son who is almost 3 still fits in it and i used it for my newnorn daughter as well.
it is very large and fits perfectly in our existing tub.
my son no longer will!
i wanted something comfortable, safe, and high quality for our 4 month old.
it is big, and takes up almost the whole bathtub, but it beats the others since it creates her own bathtub.
there is plenty of space for her to kick and play.
it drains easily and easy to clean.
for the price you will get your deal, especially the end result is a happy baby :)
this is the best baby bath tub out there.
it is large, taking up a good amount of space, but when hung on the wall (there is a hole in the top rim of the tub for this very use) it's simple to take down and set up and then give baby a bath.
we've used it in two of the homes we've lived in, and it's worked great in both.
win win!
it's wonderful!
while you would never leave a child unattended - it does provide a great deal of support.
i highly recommend this item!
this is by far my favorite.
this tub is very big and holds an ample amount of water.
i love that it is molded inside to accomate young babies and later on toddlers.
while the baby is young, the infant molded side is great.
there is plenty of room to fill the tub and keep the baby covered in warm water.
this side is great because it allows you to bathe the baby and he won't be sliding all around the tub because the moldings help keep him steady and secure.
here is the one warning and tip i will give:  my second son was very active during bath time.
he loved to play and carry on.
overall, i love this tub.
i loved it.
huge improvement, as the previous version was prone to mildew in the tubing, and yanking the tube to help with drainage was problematic.this tub can hold a brand-new baby.
one side has what looks like a slide with sides.
it actually supports the baby, and holds it to keep it from slipping.
it also has a support between the legs, again to prevent the infant from slipping.
i love it, works great, and recommend to every new mom!!
we tried 3 different bath tubes for our newborn.using this bath from her 4th week!
perfect shape, highly recommended.
it's because the tub has two "sides".
it's very ergonomic for baby and allows whoever is bathing baby to use both hands for washing.
sturdy, easy to clean, easy to store, and my baby loves it!
it also matches our blue themed bathroom quite nicely.
also the shipping time was great!
it has an end for the infant and an end for the toddler!
this is a large baby tub, but it stores easily in the bathtub, cleans up very easily, and you will be able to use it for 2 years at least!
well worth the extra $$.
the eurobath got the best ratings by far.
your baby may be a little small to fit snugly at first.
it is huge!
i think the reviews themselves show how much you and your baby will love it!
my son is 9 months old and could be bathed in our regular bath tub without issues.
i can bathe him at a comfortable height without bending and kneeling.
i think this tub is wonderful.
it is large and spacious and i think it could easily be used well into the toddler years.
we have to put a plastic spoon in the hole to keep it open, otherwise the water pressure pushes the plug shut while it's draining.
other than that, i absolutely love this and would recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to awkwardly bathe their child in the regular tub.
i have two children, while my younger one loves it, my toddler still hates bath time.
this tub is durable, very well built, does not look cheap.
its big enough for a toddler and perfectly built inside for a smaller infant.
best bath tub for its side.
!update: i recently purchased the munchkin ducky tub for $15, and i was able to get her to climb into the tub and even start playing within the first 5-10 minutes of her laying eyes on it!!
i use the other end of the tub (not the reclining end) and it allows him to sit up and the straddle guard  keeps him from slipping.
i'm very pleased with the purchase.
our kids love it and so do we!
we used this bath tub with our first son and loved it.
it truly  last a lot longer than most and is very safe with infants.however, i just re-ordered one for our second son and had to return it because we now live in a smaller space and it is way too big!
definitely not for a 700 sqr foot apartment in the city.
he loves it, and calls it his "boat".
if you are not looking for something large, this is not the tub for you :-)if you have a smaller infant (which i always do), i would think adding a sponge insert will help to allow even the smallest baby to fit.we love it!
two years old granddaughter growing out of smaller infant tub.
the reclining position is pretty darn safe, and it gives the baby a lot of support while you wash, which is a godsend.
thank goodness i have a spare room by my bathroom to store it in otherwise i would have no choice but to send it back.
it is nice & sturdy though.
this bathtub is excellent because you can use it from birth to toddlerhood.
i started using this for my son's first bath and it was great.
now he's over 20 months, and we still use it, and he's still very comfortable in it.
considering this fact, it's $25 well spent.also, it might be nice for some to know: if the stopper/gasket breaks, the company will send you a replacement free of charge.
she is having fun in it!
and the water is just covering her buttock (not even up to her waist).while eurobath gives her so much room to play and keep her body warm with the water that cover up to her chest.2.
great one!
we call this tub "moby dick" in our house on account of it's size, but this has been a great tub for my now 16 mo old.
i use the baby side to shampoo his hair.all in all, a great tub!
this was one of the best purchases we've made!
our 9 week old loves baths in this tub.
although rather large & cumbersome in my apartment, my newborn daughter was perfectly comfortable and secure in it.
my favorite feature was being able to use both hands to wash her or lather soap in my hands since the tub supported her so well.
this tub is so large but in a good way.
the headrest of the tub is great for a newborn and i love that i can wash the entire tub and not worry about detaching and washing the support fabric that other baby tubs have.
it's huge.
takes up 3/4 of the size in our bathtub.
it works for infants up to 3 year olds.
our newborn uses one side and the older toddler uses the other side.
highly recommend.
we love this tub and so does our daughter!
i read the reviews on this and we are so glad we recieved this as a gift.
the tub has been great since she was a newborn, and weighed in at 7 lbs.
she fits great in the contoured area and the water level is sufficient to keep her warm and happy during bathtime.
i love that we'll be able to keep using this bath as she grows into this little baby spa.the material is durable, the molding perfect for a little baby and the features are practical.
we are very happy with the tub.
it is light, well made, made in the usa!
thank you!!!
this is definitely larger.
my infant daughter is still very small for the infant seat but she will grow into the space.
will be very slippery without.
everyone is right, this is a great tub for your little one.
so worth it.
but, no big deal since we use the cup to rinse his hair anyway.
this tub is bulky, but great.
it's like a real tub, and it does fit into a bath tub.
it is highly easy to keep clean.
and has two positions.
great device.
is something that could be used for years or passed to family and friends as a hand-me-down.
well worth the price.
we even bought a second one for our summer house, because i can't imagine giving him a bath without it.
my son is 9 1/2 months old and can sit up perfectly, but still prefers to "lounge" in it lying down.
this is a great bathtub for babies.
i love how the sides come up and kind of hug my baby, i don't have to worry about him rolling over in it.
it is rather large and takes up most the space in a regular size tub.
its very easy to clean.
our 6 month old outgrew her 4 stage bath tub & i wasn't comfortable readjusting it to fit a toddler.
this eurobath is wonderful.
i definitely recommend this tub!
this tub is great!
my baby seems very comfortable in this tub, i highly recommend it.
this is the best for me.
it is very simple to use, even when you are a first mum and are giving baby his first bath, and convenient according to baby's age.
i love this tub, it's great for infants and toddlers.
worth the money.
great design!
it is, hands down, among the best baby gear purchases i've ever made.
the smart ergonomic design keeps your baby sturdy and safe, and allows you to have both hands free for washing and grabbing bath products and towels.
you will love this tub!
got this tub because my son is pretty large for his age and outgrew his spa baby tub at 4 months.
it fits in our bathtub perfectly.
hands down best bath ever.
this bathtub is awesome.
we originally purchased a different tub, but at 4 months our baby outgrew that one so we opted to buy the pri eurobath.
our son loves this bath tub!
best out there on the market!
i actually use this inside our regular bathtub when bathing my daughter.
i definitely foresee myself using this bath for my 7 month-old for several more months, and possibly a couple more years.
my son had his first bath in this tub.
it's a bit large for a newborn.
my son was in heaven.there's plenty of room in the tub.
before my son was born i bought him fisher price bath tub.
huge?!
finally after googling "my baby doesn't fit his bath tub", i found an advice from woman who recommended trying primo eurobath, date of her advice was 2001, but anyway i tried to amazon it and found it to my great surprise.
it has space for his hands, bump doesn't let him to jump out, it's pretty high, and it also holds well.our bathing time became much longer.
the baby was very happy, smiling all the time, and kicking the water.
i  bought this tub and it is great!
it is big, but fits perfectly in our tub and gives her so much room to play around.
it has made the both of us so happy i only wish it was padded, but other then that it has been great!
our daughter loves to take a bath in this tub, and we love to bathe her in our eurobath.
my husband registered for, and we recieved this bath when our daughter was born.
she just could not relax enough to enjoy her bath, and she loves to be in warm water.even with a sponge support she cried every second she was in the water.
my daughter loves bath time again.
my baby amelia has been in it since week 1 and she is 3 months and still loves it.
she fits perfectly in the newborn side, and i feel safe she won't slip down.
i can easily bathe her alone without problems.
highly recommended, especially since the tub grows with you and your baby.
before i gave birth i received a smaller blue infant tub that is generally pretty popular and widely available.
i loved it for my newborn, it was small and compact and easy to place over the sink.
the tub itself is large but the bottom is proportioned enough to fit over a nice size sink.
i am very happy with it and highly recommend it for your newborn, infant or toddler.
this is an awesome tub.
my daughter loves her bath time and her tub.
the seat thing is great and does a good job at keeping her from slipping when i lay her back.
she loved it right off the bat.
she could fit in it without any kind of a sling because the tub itself is very supportive.
this tub is also huge which means lots of water to splash in!
i find this tub is great for getting out her energy as well as working out a little gas before bedtime.
as a soon-to-be new mom i was determined [read obsessed] with finding the most practical of items for our new arrival.
i read the reviews of the euro bath and added it to my registry.
from the moment we brought our son home this bath has severed us well.
i must confess that i also recieved the summer infant comfy bath sponge and actually the two items complemented each other perfectly.
from newborn to about 10 weeks i placed the summer infant bath sponge in the reclining part of the euro bath.
this secures a small baby in the bath, keeps them warm and allows you to reach for things like washcloths and wash without fear of them slipping.
as our son has got bigger we've not needed the sponge and at 13 weeks he's now at ease in the reclining part without the sponge.
overall this has been one of the best registry gifts that will last beyond the first few months.
love this tub for my 8 month old.
she had outgrown her washpod tub (which she also loved) but i wasn't comfortable putting her in the regular bath tub yet since she is such a squirmer.
we love love love ours.
we have used for two years, and it is in as perfect condition as when we bought it.
no sharp edges a fabulous size, and easy to clean.
it is also more attractive than many others we looked at.
read reviews and bought this one - baby is now 15mos and we are still using it.
love it.
oh, and i use to store it on the back of a door.
worked great, out of the way & able to dry out.
the infant supports hold her very well.
i felt she was safe and secure while i washed her.
she stayed calm and loved to kick and splash and she still very much enjoys bath time.
it's easy to clean without any odd crannies and i love that it is all white and "clean" in appearance.
this is a quality bathtub.
now my daughter is 6 months old, 14lbs and about 24in she's just about right to use the tub without the towel.
my son loves it.
both love their eurobath.
it is huge (the bigger your bathroom - and tub - the better), but so worth it.
this tub is really nice.
well, i finally gave in and guess what, i purchased what i think is the largest tub they sell.
i did a lot of research on the best tub before buying this one.
it's nice that we can still use this one on the counter and not have to lean over a regular tub.
the bathtub is priceless.
although it takes up a lot of space and isn't very cute, it is worth its weight in gold.
it holds baby so well from the very beginning and provides the "extra hands" i need for a productive yet safe bath-time.
i can foresee us using this bath for a long-time and i recommend it to everyone i know!
it's not very easy to use or clean.
the tubs works great for my 6 month son, but i could not make it work when he was a newborn...
our son outgrew his first bathtub by three months.
he just lounges around in it, and i love that it cradles him so well so he doesn't slip!
it is very safe and comfortable for him.
i'd definitely recommend it!
my son loves this bath!
it is great though.
i love this tub.
white color so you can remove things floating around in the bath water, and you can easily notice things such as bug bites and such that need your attention on babies skin.
once you get your hands on it you will see that it is built to last.
it is one solid thick mold.
i like large because i know i will get my 25.00 out of it since i will be able to use it for several years but again it is a pretty large item.
this tub is so fantastic it kept him nice and secure in the tub for quite a long time.
the tub has an area where the baby sits that separates their legs and holds them in place (of course you need to also make sure you have your hands on your baby at all times in any tub).
my son always felt very secure in this tub and i loved that it really grew with him.
he kicks and splashes and has a grand time.
we place it next to the sink on the kitchen counter and it works wonderfully!
my mommy group of over 80 women agree!
brilliant.
love it.
this tub is perfect.
i do put a hand towel down to keep the little man from sliding (although he still does a little), but for the most part, this tub allows me to use both hands for washing which speeds up the process.
it's also nice to have a drain plug that allows you to adjust the amount of water in the tub if you happen to put too much in.many people don't like the size of the tub, and it is large.
it will take up the vast majority of a standard size tub (which you also have to keep in mind for storage purposes).
if you are looking for a tub that you can use in a dedicated bathroom and are focused on bathtime safety, this is the tub you've been looking for.
the slanted part is such that we still use it to wash my daughter's hair even as a large toddler.
as a baby, she was cradled, secure and very happy.i love everything about this tub, especially its' large size.
given this tub's large size, i can (now that she's too big to ever slip under) fill it up to the top, and she's got warm water and suds up to her mid-chest, without any risk of her falling under as with an adult tub.
i use a seventh generation cleaner with a hydrogen peroxide active ingredient.durability is fabulous:  we actually never drain the tub with the drain, but lift it and spill the water out.
even with a full tub, in 2.5 years we've never had a crack.i love this tub so much, we bought two more - one for grandma and grandad's in each state!
it's by far the best tub ever!!!
perfect for large babies and small.
this one will last and last.
we were given a diaper genie for a shower gift and it proved so invaluable in the baby's nursery upstairs, we bought a second one for our downstairs changing table.
it works great!
it just makes it smell nice.just read the instructions first, it saves you from frustration later!
;c)
i loved hearing all the yeahs and nahs when registering for my baby about the diaper systems.
i stood with the diaper genie because of the reviews.
works great!
easy to use!
for us this is a life saver!!...
it's not true that it gets full everyday.... or....
it would get full if you put the diapers open.... what you have to do is fold the diaper together with the wipes that you use, and you would see the difference...
this way you can get the best twist and seal it in completely.
this device is basically a garbage can, but it helps keep the nursery from getting stinky.
the diaper genie is great.
it helps eliminate diaper odors, thanks to the slightly powder scented bags, and that it seals off each dirty diaper.
it's convenient,  very easy to use, and most of all sanitary.
otherwise, it's kind of a pain in the rear.
i got this as a gift and loved it for the first six months.
once solid foods were introduced into my son's diet, this didn't even come close to holding in the stench.
infant, original and toddler.
it does what it says it will--control odor in your baby's room.
it fills up pretty fast.
it makes a huge difference in how the changing room smells.
it would be nice if it held a few more diapers, and the cutting and changing of the refills is a little tricky, but i love it just the same.
honestly, my husband and i use the plastic bags that the daily newspaper comes in.
the diaper genie does the job of keeping odors away, but otherwise it is a real pain!
the diaper genie has some major flaws.
the odor protection the diaper genie provides is much superior to that of the other diaper pail.
even though they discontinued selling the original they still sell the refills for the original right next to the the wide refills.
the diaper genie is sooo easy to use and they always have coupons on refills.
i love it..
the corners stick well though.
very soft, cushy, works great, looks nice, easy install.
what will he get into?
for example, our living room has a large fireplace with a raised brick hearth.
so i looked at my favorite shopping place and found these guards.
thanks.
works well, good quality.
very nice not having language issues.
my son was able to pull this off right away.
when it does stay on, it's great.
only put tape at top and not sides if it isn't a perfect 90 angle.
our fireplace is made out of stone pieces so it is uneven on sides.
it still stays with tape only on top holding it on.
colors are true to actual look.
it's okay.
it pulls off of brick very easily.
or both.
we got these becasue our new house has a brick fireplace with an elevated ledge.
our daughter was just learning to walk when we moved in and as part of our baby-proofing we decided we needed something for the fireplace.
otherwise this is doing a great job keeping him safe and reapplying the one piece isn't that hard.i bought the brown ones and both my wife and i actually think it looks pretty good on our gray brick fireplace and brown tables.
we also bought a 4 pack of their edge guards after the first two brands we tried couldn't survive my son's curiousity.
i purchased the colour that best matched our fireplace mantel
when i got my simmons changing pad, this came with it free.
it fits the pad great and feels much better to the skin than the plastic cover of the pad.
the terry cloth is so soft and makes the pad so comfy.i was shopping the other day and found that a division of carter's also makes changing pad covers that will fit the simmons pad.
i am giving it 4 stars though, because if it did fit, it would be a good changing pad cover.
on top of that, the terrycloth just doesn't clean well, even with those special baby-stain removers and even with shout!
it's much easier (and less costly and less stressful and less time consuming) to use the bare changing pad and simply wipe down any messes with diaper wipes or with a gentle cleanser.
i have 2 of these covers and love them.
these are not the most durable covers made.
it works wonderfully and is easy to pick up and put in the hamper if it gets dirty.
so, we have the nice clean look of a white cover and put the lap pad over top of it.
works great!
the blankets are cheaper, easier to clean and don't interfere with the use of the safety straps.
this changing pad cover is made of high-quality material and fits perfectly even after being washed in hot water.
infact, get at least 2.
keeps baby's skin warm, rather than putting them directly on the cold changing pad surface.
i have washed it several times, and it handles well in the washer/dryer.
i have two of these changing pad covers and used them both for a year with my first child.
i agree with one of the other comments regarding a slit for the safety strap...one is not present.
), have the safety strap slits and fit the changing pad perfectly.
i registered for this item because it goes with the changing pad that i chose.
it doesn't fit well.
my husband and i have opted for covering the pad with a clean bath towel every day.
it's softer and easier.
it never made it to the changing table.
we have two of these that we rotate and they work just fine for us.
we also have the contoured changing pad by simmons.
true, they do seem a little small straight out of the dryer (the cover stretches straight across the top of the pad), but after one changing our baby's weight shapes it right into place.
it washes well and remains soft.
these changing pad covers are of poor quality and have not held up very well to washings.
in addition, the covers do not fit the changing pad very well and pull up at the sides.
this way i just change the multi-use pad and i don't have to wash the changing pad cover very often.
this changing pad cover works great on the especially for baby contour changing pad.
i also use small changing pads so that i don't have to change and wash the cover that often.
i like that i can put my baby on something soft and warm instead of the cold plastic pad.
i definitely recommend getting these.
these covers work great, but you need a couple.
it adds a nice girl touch to her room.
that was my favorite quality of it.i have two of these so that when one is in the wash the other is on the changing pad.
with each washing it got smaller and smaller and it made the contour of the pad malform a bit at the corners.
my suggestion, don't put it in the drier and it stays perfect (learned with the 2nd one we bought).
these covers are very comfy and the fit is pretty decent (in my opinion).
i found out pretty early on that it's easier to just change my son on the uncovered changing pad because he is constantly spitting up, urinating and pooping on the pad.
we got this as a gift at our baby shower two years ago.
this is almost a must have for babies.the range is fantastic.
i know that i will be able to hear her.
our apartment is made with solid concrete and i am able to hear the monitor all the way in the front of the house.
i got exactly what i was hoping for - a simple inexpensive baby monitor without all the bells and whistles.
no, the sound quality is not perfect but it is great for the price.
since we have had it has worked perfectly.
it really is crystal clear i can hear the baby's 1st stirring.
i am very glad i found an affordable option that works perfectly for us.
for the price, in a small home, it worked well.
this is great if you need to put them somewhere that doesn't have easy outlet access.
in contrast, the sony receiver is portable but the transmitter operates on ac power only.- the receiver is compact and has a belt clip.what's not so good:- the sound is not nearly as clear as our sony.
but, we sent it back and exchanged it for a new one.
the new worked great.
for us, static is the most important issue.
this always wakes us up.
it even picks up the sound of the a/c unit.
i love that the parent unit can be used without batteries.
if you want a monitor that's super sensitive, get this one.
maybe the best $ deal i found so far.
we've had this monitor about a year now and it works wonderfully!
it's a great relief getting this one as a second monitor after our old fisher price sounds and lights monitor has had us tearing our hair out for the past three years... what a piece of junk!
this monitor works well, with no static.
it does the job though.
a little bit of static, but nothing compared to our other monitor.we had an expensive montior before this that had tons of static and threw it right in the back of their closet once we got this one!
wow what a difference!
we hear our baby clearly and the base unit is 5ft away from the crib and next to our white noise machine.5.
they recommended that the unit be plugged in at all times for optimal use.
this means you can't walk around with the monitor.
we just don't use it that way because we keep the monitor in one place in the house.2.
i put this under both pro's and con's because while it's not an issue for us, it may be for other consumers.bottom line is, i would buy this monitor again in a heart beat and wish i had purchased it in the first place.
this monitor does the job!
i honestly dont recommend this item, buy something nicer, it'll be worth it for your sanity and peace of mind.
i was given this as a gift and love it!
the best part of this monitor is the price.
if you only need one it will probably work great for you.
it isn't the greatest monitor ever made, but it works.
it does its job, but with quite some statics in the background.
we got this free with a $75 purchase at toys r us so we took our original choice off of our registry.
yes, you can hear the baby breathe but there is also a static sound like air rushing through.
also, our batteries have lasted an average of 3 - 5 days.
it has crystal clear sound just as stated and works really well in my 2700 sqft home.
love this monitor and wished i had bought it sooner.
my grand daughter is now 11 months old and i watch her during the day while her parents are at work.
she always wakes happy but before the monitor i did not hear her until she cried.
we get strong reception throughout our 3 level house with ceramic tile floors and thick walls.
we can hear even very quiet things like our girl's soft snoring and the rustling of sheets.
often times i will wake up to another family waking up.
i love it.
our other monitor always interfered with our wifi and had lots of static.
this monitor is your basic monitor.
i use it as a stationary monitor in the bedroom.
it's crystal clear and is a great buy, if youre looking for an inexpensive monitor.
the clarity is perfect for our large 3-bedrm apartment.
i just needed something basic to use and that is what i got.
it also has some "white noise" in the background much of the time, but it's minimal.
it is a cheap, simple monitor that works well.
it fit our budget & our needs and i have been happy with it.
i had to return this item because it didn't work right from the start.
i love this monitor.
even though it's not the greatest, it works great for being under $20.
i didn't have high expectations.well, since then, grandma ended up moving into a 4900 sq ft house, and baby and i lived with her for a month.
it has been sat on, dropped on concrete, rained on- and this morning i even dropped it in a puddle while taking photos in my backyard!
we switched to glass shortly after the news broke.the evenflo glass bottles are certainly a great buy -- the price is fantastic!
these are quite solid, though, and i think we only ever broke two -- one at home (it was dropped on a hardwood floor) and one at an airport (my son threw it onto a chair with a metal arm ...
but when our next baby is born and i'm pumping at work, we will definitely be storing the milk in my glass evenflo bottles.
these are good basic bottles.
there's a litany of choices and every imaginable variation on design.
for us, it became simple when we decided to stick to glass bottles.
there aren't many choices out there in glass, and those that are available are usually very expensive.
basic and no frills, but solid and sturdy.
we like them a lot, and the price is very affordable.
glass bottles are fantastic- they're the absolute best for preserving your milk, easy to boil and sanitize, great price, and they can go in the dishwasher.
also, if you've ever had coca cola in a glass bottle versus coca cola in a plastic bottle, you can definitely appreciate how glass preserves the flavor- ijs
these little bottles are surprisingly strong and light weight for what they are, which is a glass bottle.
while they can shatter, it takes a lot to get them there thanks to their compact build.
it's absolutely perfect for these little bottles.
she uses a medium flow nipple at 10 months, and she hardly has gas issues anymore.
we love these small glass bottles.
they also hold up great in the dishwasher.
the smaller size is also more comfortable when feeding the baby.
the nipples and rings work well, no leaking.
the size is right and they feel strong and secure.
those are not the kind of glass bottles you would want to buy.lucky for you, this is not that kind of glass bottle.
you'll be happy you got these and so will your baby.
i ordered some dr. brown standard nipples, hoping to fit the bottles well.
these are great bottles.
i love the glass bottles though because they keep the milk cool longer, important when pumping at work and using one of those little coolers.
and they heat the milk up faster when placed in a warm water bath.
these come with nipples and the covers.
i highly recommend these.
please dont use it with newborns as its too much flow and air and it creates colics
i purchased these bottles for our new baby.
i like how durable and easy to sterilize they are also replacement nipples are very affordable also.
i like the idea that because the bottles are glass we will be able to use them for future children with the minimal cost of nipple replacement.
they worked great.
it works though so i will stick with them.
although, i still use the playtex drop ins once in a while, when i'm giving my baby water or we're on the go, because its convenient.
these however, are very easy to clean and smell clean!
i didn't like the nipples it came with, so i bought nuk regular nipples to go with them, it fit perfect and my son liked it !
my baby still has a tiny tummy, so these small bottles work well for the amount of pumped milk he can drink at night.
i decided to keep the bottles and use them for storage.
do yourself, your baby, and the environment a favor and use glass bottles for as long as possible!
i've read some literature on plastics, and it seems like no one really knows for sure if any of them are 100% safe.
i just didn't want everything in her life to be wrapped in plastic.these bottles are great.
i paid $9 for 3 bottles and 3 fast nipples.
yes, it's feeding in a vacuum.
they clean up nicely in the dishwasher, and i just bought a large glass "milk" bottle for mixing and keeping extra formula in.they're solid bottles, heavier than her plastic ones.
the outer ring and bottle work with all of the nipples i have.
these bottles are great (they come in two sizes; this review is for the larger, 8oz size).
good quality and better safety.
these bottles are super good quality.
it's great that they are making glass bottles again these days- finally the world is wising up and getting healthier!
bisphenol-a chemical free, unlike most plastic bottles.
i like these bottles mostly because they are glass.
these are a great price when you compare them to others online or at the store.
definitely not worth it and once i opened them to see if they contained the disc, i couldn't return them.
i like that they are glass (bpa free), easy to clean and very affordable.
they might be ok with a real hands-free bra...  maybe one of these days i will buy one and see.
a great buy!
these are simple glass baby bottles.
i know that the plastic bottles are now all bpa free, but who knows what chemical they'll discover next year that's been leeching out of our plastic and poisoning us all this time.these bottles are compatible with my medela pump and can take the same lids, which is convenient.
i bought dr. brown's nipples, which work great.
these aren't fancy and are a great price.
these bottles have been perfect for us.
we started bottle-feeding out of necessity when our baby was only 6 weeks old, and these bottles have worked perfectly.
we haven't had any trouble with the nipples, and we're currently using the stage 2 (3-6 months) size.we love these bottles and their classic design.
and the price is great (bpa-free plastic bottles often cost $12 each).
these bottles represent the "old standard" so only the vented "original nuk" and evenflo nipples will fit and presumably work well without collapsing.
the current trend (avent, playtex natural, gerber etc.)
some websites will indicate that the nipples themselves are dishwasher safe.
i got the sealy superpedic firm mattress and the cover fits perfectly.
quilting gives extra comfort and it's thick and waterproof.
the pad has protected our mattress from many a baby attack.
i recommend the large quilted multi-use pad in addition.
i use john lennon receiving blankets (6 is a good number) with an quilted absorbing pad underneath to be prepared for spills and smudges on my contoured changing pad.
i also use it as a changing pad as well.
they're large enough to nearly cover an entire crib sheet, and they're easy to clean.
i purchased two of these mattress pads two years ago for my son's crib.
it fits a standard crib mattress perfectly, and lays nice and flat.
it washes up easily, and does not shrink!
it's soft and durable, and it has never leaked!
my evenflo one you have to tug, pull, and stetch to get it on and even then it's not on perfect, a real pain.
my son used his "kid-ding fitted mattress cover" for over a year.
this company kid-ding makes two different mattress covers that look almost identical if you don't read between the lines!
this one is a fitted mattress cover by the same company and is just perfect!
wraps around the crib mattress flawlessly and doesn't move an inch!
it stays put and makes slipping on the crib sheet so much easier!!!
they're great and reversible.
it holds up good in the wash and is dryer safe.
i highly recommend it.
it fits well.
after 1.5 years this is still in great shape!
don't go with the costly ones with this one works great!
i have an average sized mattress and this fits perfectly!
it is super easy to install!
if it &quot;bunches up&quot; like some others suggest, it is because it isn't put on the mattress correctly.
just because it collects lint balls doesn't make it any less durable in my honest opinion.i recommend at least two of these!
my good friend is pregnant and i gave her these as part of her shower gift.
i feel they are closer to a real breastfeeding experience and these should come with the bottles.
these are the only nipples my baby will take, besides mommy's.
my son was nursed until 12 months.
we tried over 8 different nipples and bottle types.
also, amazon is one of the only places i've found that you can actually purchase this nipple!
great buy!
my baby says they feel just like the real deal.
extend the life of your avent's product.now, i can continue to use all the avent bottles!
used it for more than 4 months and still as good as new.
i use these avent nipples with avent bottles.
i love the ease of the avent bottles for feeding, cleaning, transporting.....everything.
also, these nipples fit in the avent trainer sippy cups.
this phillips avent bpa free classic newborn flow nipple, 2 pack works exactly as advertised.
happily using it in our home.
in our case there's also a little bit of nipple preference so i am not sure that it is entirely the nipple's fault (as in not being slow enough).
these are our daughters favorite.
los productos avent son los mejores para darles biberon a los bebes, son de muy buena calidad y excelente precio, siempre recomiendo esta marca.
love the flow of milk for my daughter but these do leak if not upright.
both my kids liked these nipples.
avent's lids are secure enough and prevent leaking without requiring a 2-hand operation.as an added bonus, avent has a conversion kit that allows me to pump using my ameda purely yours electric breast pump directly into any avent bottle.
our daughter now uses both.
one of the infants lives in our household and i can state that avent is at the top of my list when it comes to bottles and nipples.
i love avent.
i used the phillips bottles when my son was still drinking from bottles and bought some of these extra nipples as the others eventually wore out.
this is quite ingenious!
you line up the marks with the baby's nose and that dictates how fast the flow of milk is.
i highly recommend these.
number 3s are perfect for her now at 9 months.
this is our first baby, so everything is 100% new to us, but overall, the avent feeding system has been a real winner.
basically, i think the four holes make the top of the nipple weaker, and it leads to it splitting wide open.
these are the best nipples i have ever used!
you line the number, you want to use, up with the babies nose and it's smooth sailing!
these are great!
my granddaughter is eating baby food now, but for the more runny foods, i find it much easier to mix the food with formula & give it to her in a bottle.
this nipple works great, because as she is nursing, i can simply turn the bottle to the best spot for the perfect flow.
what a great idea!
happy baby makes grandma happy!
the nipples are great.
i used them with both my sons.
these are very durable nipples.
the slow flow is a good flow for babies that are both bottle fed and breast fed.
these nipples fit the original avent bottles not the newer avent natural flow bottles.
these were good for a few weeks until we inadvertently bought the new avent natural flow bottles.
these do not work with our avent bottles.
have to return and replace.
it worked great.
best price around!
love it!
these bottles work great for my baby and her gas and colic issues.
our baby is over 6 months and we still use these nipples.
i recently bought the medium flow nipples, since our baby is 3 1/2 months.
overall, the avent bottle system is great and i would recommend to others.
avent is a stellar brand that i have purchased time and time again.
they are i was i spected, good quality, good presentation, perfeect price, good for child and good for babies from 9 months
i've tried a few different bottles for feeding my children who are also breast fed.avent seems to work the best for me.the low flow means that baby still loves to feed &#34;direct from the source&#34; but is shaped in a way that there doesn't seem to be any nipple confusion.they clean very easily.
everywhere else sales these for almost $10 each!the newborn (one hole) size is perfect for breastfeeding babies.
love this brand!
the avent nipples are our babies favorite, 6 months flows really fast, the 3 month (3hole) is what we still use at her 6 months.
!formula normal eater= 3 hole (3 month)formula slow easter= 2 hole (entry)formula normal eater with cereal= 4 hole (6 month)our girl eats formula, and cereal with veggies anf fruit.
they work great and are very reasonable.
love avent!!
we started out with the size 1 avent nipple and then when our son was around two months we switched to size 2 and once he got to be around 3.5 we moved him to size 3.
it definitely has a faster flow than size 2 and he is able to take his bottle a lot faster.
our son is exclusively formula fed.
to be fair, other brands we've tried are still to fast for her.
he has no issues drinking from it even still.
this nipple works great for both my babies.
my little baby loves this nipples....i expend two months buying different kind of nipples and bottles and finally!
!i found the perfect bottle and perfect nipple
these bottle nipples work as intended.
it's jut the result of normal &#8220;&#34;wear an tear&#8221;.
these nipples work great with all of the avent bottles i own.
works well, felt like the baby was fighting with getting enough milk fast enough.
put these on and now she can keep up
these nipples are fantastic!
love it!
if you look at the nipple, there is a small seal at the lip of the nipple which is what prevents leaking.if you're bottle is leaking?
).if it still leaks, then i suggest you need to replace the nipple and/or a new bottle screw ring.great thing i just found was these bottles?philips avent 9 ounce bpa free bottles, pink, 3 packthere is an extra valve ring to help seal.if any of my bottles leak, i follow the steps above.
i have used avent bottles with my son (2) and my daughter (4 months).
please keep it in mind.
you can convert the bottles to a sippy cup with ease.
love that feature!i don't use avent bottles for "newborns" until like 1-2 months old (also i have established breastfeeding on both my children) so i can't speak to the size 1 flow nipple until that time period.
not sure if the nipple should be slower or if my baby has a super strong suck and is a voracious eater.
shipped fast.
very satisfied with the product, right now moving towards sippy cups, good luck with that
good product, usefull!!!
buy it if you are looking for quality to your life; soft and easy to use it.
i purchased these because the regular nipples on my wide-neck dr. brown bottles have too fast of a flow for my 3 week old (side note: these fit the dr. brown's wide-neck bottles perfectly).
my son choked on the milk from his bottle when we used these because the milk was pouring into his mouth.
i see that some other reviewers with newborns have loved this nipple.
philips avent natural glass bottles.
make sure you have the right bottle before you buy this.
i added 1 tsp of cereal for each 1 oz of formula and my son was able to eat without any issues.
he normally uses the size 3 classic nipples.
i'd definitely recommend these.
we like avent brand nipples bc they are durable and not overly flexible.
my son is teething and these nipples hold up well amidst his chewing/gumming.
nipples are not as flexible as other brands (playtex for example) which helps against excess dripping when my son wolfs his formula down.
these nipples also seem to work well w my son's reflux.
will continue to purchase.
great price!
they are easy to use and easy to clean.
it was easy to switch my son from dr. browns to this.
this bottle nipple is great in quality and all, come on it is just that, good flow!
philips avent medium flow for 6 months was such a big help, she start to drink fast.
i love all avent products,so easy and wonderful cant go wrong with them.they are just the best.highly recommend to all mommy out there
i have been using the nuby feeding set, the bottle with the nuby set is what i have been using to feed my 5 month old who is currenlty eating 5 tubs a day of baby food.
these allow for the perfect flow, they have a i, ii, iii on the nipple which you can decide what flow works for best for your little one.
these nipples are interchangable with the entire avent classic line so i just use a 9oz bottle and fill it with the tub of baby food and 2 to 4 ounces of formula and my baby is happy as can be.
this is my son's favorite bottle because it's easier for him to hold.
glad to buy the upgraded replacement nipples for his age range to be able to continue to use them.
i love avent bottles & nipples!
for our son as a newborn.
avent products have done us well since our son was born.
my almost 4 month old baby loved this.
sometimes he can take the 3 size but this one is the most comfortable with.
perfect for 6 month olds!
perfect for juices and nestum.
switching up to a level 3 has been great for him in terms of being able to take in more forumla.
i am an exclusive bfing mom, so when it got close to time to go back to work i started working with baby to take his milk from a bottle.
i have always used the avent brand.
i ended having to use a different brand entirely.
we've been using avent bottles/nipples since my daughter was born two years ago, and been very happy with the quality.
their customer service is also fantastic.
my husband installed these on every piece of furniture that could tip in our house.
love these!
works alright.
these looked like the best and sturdiest option while also remaining slightly flexible.
in addition, they are bulky and white, making them very noticeable eyesores.
very sturdy hardware, easy to use, everyone should have these.
thanks for the great reviews for helping me see these straps were the ones to buy.
i also like how i can easily adjust or unhook the straps if needed.
i bought these after my son yanked open a drawer on a 5 drawer dresser and it tipped and fell on him.
we strapped everything in the house to the walls and found these straps to be easy to use.
its an added peace of mind having these in case i am ever not there to catch a falling dresser.
these straps come with easy to follow instructions.
they are durable, relatively discrete (white is a good color choice), and they give use the peace of mind that our toddler cannot tip the furniture.
we had a bookshelf in our daughters room that we didn't want her pulling over, and these worked great.
perfect solution, no issues installing.
we purchased these to secure a large mirror and bookcase to keep our toddler safe.
they are secure to the wall and piece of furniture and i'm confident that the furniture will not topple over when my toddler is pulling and leaning on it.
i am returning all of these in favor of angle braces.
i especially liked that the furniture half and the wall half come apart for installation, makes life much easier.
i used both straps for a very large piece of furniture.
we bought these when we converted our twins cribs to toddler beds and they had more freedom.
protect your kids!
we had the brackets from that came with the furniture (mostly ikea stuff, but some other brands as well) & 1 set of these.
we ended up buying 2 more sets of these since they're much better than the stuff that usually comes with the furniture (& definitely much better than the ikea standard ones).
was able to secure a 6 foot bookcase without any issues.
straps seemed sturdy.
if you want them flush to the wall, you need to install the wall piece well below the piece attached to the unit (several inches.)
this one is the best!!
very sturdy plastic.
well made!
this is a wonderful gate when you have your hands full, as i often do.
we've used gates for years with our pets, and this is by far superior to any others we've used.
this gate does not work at the bottom or top of stairwells well at all, but is pretty decent in standard doorways.
my 2 gates arrived in one day with prime shipping!this really is the best doorway gate you can buy.
very sturdy, easy to install, even comes with a wrench!
i have had several other gates (ones i bought and hand-me-downs) and this is by far the best because 1)it stays open when you don't need it (like when kids are napping) - i used to have to tie my other one open!
i used this gate at a family member's house, and i loved it, so i bought one for our place.
i love the step feature.
this gate is also quite tall which is nice.
the installation was simple and unlike the gates that drill into the wall, this gate does not leave holes and can be moved easily.
great gate, great value!
i love that this gate installs very easily, and the gate swings both ways.
we installed this in a bedroom frame, and easily moved it to over the stairs.
i love that it doesn't leave any residue on the walls.
great gate for younger children/pets.
good:-easy to open with one hand.-works great for keeping the dog out of the nursery.-really like the pressure mounting, easy to install.bad:-gate creeks
we put it in a doorway that we walk through constantly, i can open it with no hands (i.e.
looks nice, easy to install, keeps out the dog and the baby in!
fantastic gate extremely easy to install.
buy it for the entrance to hallways or in doorways where you want the door open sometimes but don't want babies in and out of that room.
this is a fantastic gate!
it's very durable and the ease of use and set up is great.
it's also a plus that the fram stays in place and you dont' have to remove it all the time like other gates.
the one part that might give out will be the pedal.
i am now 4 1/2 months pregnant and will buy a new one.
nice and sturdy!
easy to install and use.
my oldest is almost 4 and she still cant open it on her own.
still loving it!
we needed a sturdy gate at the top of our stairs that was pressure mounted because we had to mount it on both sides to our wood balusters.
we couldn't be happier with our pick!
it is extremely sturdy, doesn't move in the slightest (and we use it all day long), and is well built.
the hands-free option is an absolute must if you're getting this because you have small children.
i can step on the release and nudge the gate open with my knee, so my hands are still securely on my child in my arms.
i cannot imagine a child being able to open it because it does take quite a bit of pressure, in fact, our two year tries to step on it and can't budge it.
the gate swings nicely in both directions and easily latches back in place.
they're not great but definitely better than just the bar.
we also had to get the extension and it works great.
we were right on the edge of needing another extension but it actually works great with just the one.
also, when you pull it out of the box it appears be bent, but it's made that way and it works once it's in.
it's also easy to assemble and install.
i highly recommend this gate!
this is a great gate.
very sturdy and easy to open.
this gate is very simple to install, but time-consuming to get the perfect fit.
it does take quite a bit of elbow grease as well.i expected the gate to swing closed more easily.
i do find myself using my hands most the time to make sure it's closed, but if i do have my arms full it can definitely be operated without my hands.my baby girl is 8 months old and spends a lot of time standing at the gate (and pulling on it).
we love this sturdy, easy gate.
it works best in a doorway that you want closed off for sure.
we use it in the entrance to our son's room.
it keeps him in and our 3 dogs out.
simple to use!!!
the vertical only slats are great because our son tries to climb this gate and i truely believe that if we had bought a traditional gate with vertical and horizontal slats that he would be able to climb it!!!
the hands-freeness of this gate makes me so happy.
and what pleases me most is that i cannot find a place anywhere on the gate for fingers to be pinched at any stage of being open, closed or closing.
the measurements of it (the gate) and what space it will fit (with/without extensions) is accurate too.
it's the best gate i've ever owned- and i've gone through a lot of gates!!
easy!!
great when i'm taking groceries in the house and don't have an extra hand to fiddle with one of those tricky gate locks.
love it!!!
great gate- worth the money!
because we were not using it around the stairs, we wanted a metal gate, that was pressure mounted, and swung open - easy, right???
it clicks shut easily with just a swing of the gate.
our "i thought, standard" hallway).
i purchased this gate when my son was learning to crawl ... as stuck it on the bathroom door frame to keep him out - it was wonderful!
i love that when guests came over, the bathroom door would still shut, and they all loved that it was so easy to use.
the pressure mounts are very secure and were very gentle on both of the appartments we have used it in as well.
this gate now is on our baby's door frame to keep 2 year old big brother out during nap time, but still let mommy hear when the baby needs her.
i love that my tall 35 lb and 39 inch 2 year old can't open it, but that for anyone over 6 that has tried it in my home, it is very simple and effortless!
this is a wonderful gate, and i would (and do) recommend it to anyone!
we have used it for over 2 years now, and still love it!
we've had two of these gates for six months and have been almost 100% happy with them.
we love how they open and close by pushing on the pedal (ours has worked perfectly, although i see that some had said that theirs breaks) and opening with the knee.
based on our experience and reading many reviews before deciding which gate to buy, it is my sense that for the price, most people are very happy with this gate.
you might be able to spend double or triple and get the perfect gate, but really this one will probably do for about everyone.
however, our child tends to be the investigative type and has thus far made no progress learning to open the gate.
this seems to be a good, decent popular working gate for most people and needs.
we've tried at least three different gates in different doorways and entrances, and this one's by far the best.
it really is hands-free to open.
that hasn't happened for us, and we use two of these, nor has it happened for friends (and friends of friends) who've had one of these for several years.
utilized these for our stairs and they work very well.
it is also convenient since there are no levers to pull or push with your hand to open.
it was very simple to assemble, i didnt even need my husband for help.
the gate is sturdy comfy and attractive as well which is important in my house, most of all seems very safe.
this hands-free gate works when you step down on the foot paddle which causes a latch to open.
you can then push the gate open with a hand or a knee.
the gate is fairly easy to install (a necessary slim wrench is included in the box) and requires no screws or glue.
the gate provides good protection.
when properly installed, it provides solid protection, although (important!)
you should regularly check it to make sure it's securely affixed to the door frame.
i love this gate.
it is easy to install and works great.
you have to step on the foot pedal to open the gate and little kids can't step hard enough so it is perfect.
we are moving to a new house and we are getting two more for the staircase.
nice and sturdy, though.
my husband and i were moving in to my parents' house after they built their house.
it was barely used for the good part of that year, left open most of the time.
right before we moved in, my daughter ran into the gate (wasn't hurt, thank goodness) but it broke apart.
that much for a gate and you can't even give me a durable hinge?
easy to install, user friedly, props open while they're asleep, truly hands free.
i can open it easily carrying the baby or groceries.
it fits securely and doesn't loosen.
it is great quality.
we have had two of these for three years now and they are still in perfect condition!
very good gate and easy to open with your foot stepping on it.
it needs a lot of pressure to open, so it's great that kids can't open it.
the kickstand takes a bit of pressure to release, but it's good to have, because my son can't accidentally push it down and open the gate.the gate area is smaller than an average to walk through, but it's not too bad.out of all the gates we have had we like the hands free gate the best.
otherwise, this is a great gate!
we have the added baseboards along the bottom of our walls plus the tiny toe boards and because this is all pressure mounted it adjusts great.
it works great for us since we live in military base housing and want to avoid putting holes in the walls to fill in later.
we have the clear view gate on the playroom which we love but for the kitchen doorway we needed something wider and more convenient with the smaller swing door since we use the kitchen more.
it is well worth the money and doesn't fall down when pushed against and the floor handle works really well when my hands are full.
also, just a note i thought mine was bent when i first got it, but once my husband installed it according to the directions it was perfect.
easy to use, install, and hands free.
it says it's not approved for use at the top of the stairs because the only gates approved for use at the top of the stairs are hardware mounted ones, so i just put it in the hallway right before the stairs and works great.
i'm not sure how old the people's children are who said they can open this gate, but mine is 1 and there's no way he's strong enough.
in order to open the gate you have to have a good amount of leg strength that i wouldn't anticipate younger kids having.
we have a pretty wide door frame.
this works well in the space.cons: the foot pedal length will prevent you from closing the door.
if it were shorter, i could still close the door and leave the gate up.it takes quite a bit of force to open it with the foot pedal.
however...- the hands-free step pedal is pretty cool and worked pretty easily.
you have to push a button to lift the handle and lift the gate over a little ledge to open it and walk thru.
think about how you will use these gates in your house and what features you will value.
good luck with your own purchase!
we returned this for the north state industries easy close gate, which we love.
sturdy, tall, nice to look at and it opens effortlessly.
just step and nudge.
we still had to use hands to open be/c hitting it with your knee hurts.
not only is this gate incredibly easy to install and incredibly sturdy, but it is also great for pets.
it also keeps our black lab from passing through.buy this gate!
it's a wonderful, well thought-out product.
we love this gate, it is so easy to install.
that was not very good to use because you have to climb in and out of the gate.
if you have an active child like mine, you will have to go in and out a lot.
several times i trip over it and it's not fun when you bang your legs into the gate.
it's worth every penny!
i purchased this gate at babies r us, but read the reviews first from amazon.
the gate was so easy to put together and fits perfectly at the entrance of her bedroom door.
when it's suppose to stay open.
oh, well!!
we have two of these gates that we use to contain the babies (15 mo.
and 4 mo.)
easily installed and adjustable.
old can't open it but 6 yr. old nephew can operate it easily on his own.
they are wonderful!
so this is great.
we are veterans of many types of gates for both dogs and now kids, and i am crestfallen that it took us this long to discover this terrific model.
after seeing how secure the first years was, and how incredibly east it was to install the extensions, even though i'm happy with the superyard gate, i wish i had bought two first years hands-free,the operation is really cool -- you step on a pedal, and knee the thing open.
it works in both directions!
the design is also very attractive; nice thin white metal instead of the usual lattice-work plastic on most gates.one comment on an earlier negative review, where the grandparent indicated their 15-month-old could pull up the foot pedal: this cannot open the gate if the top is properly tightened!
i tried this, and the pedal will slide but not allow the gate to open if the top is tight.i have only a few minor caveats to convey:- when installing it, make sure you follow the instructions and use the little plastic wrench (included) to do some fine-tuning tightening, so that the upper latch is the required distance from the catch (a wrench-width).
since it swings open, if you want to use the gate in only one location, the portability isn't an issue.all in all, just about the coolest gate i've used.
this is a great gate over all--convenient, sturdy, etc.
we use it at the top of the stairs.
i received this for my baby shower and am very pleased!
it is easy to open while carrying my baby and keeps the dog in the family room when we are away.
the door swings in both directions which is terrific in my doorway.
i love how easy this gate is when walking through with my arms full of sleeping baby!
it takes a heavy step to open but it's truly baby proof!
i like the look and feel of this gate and the concept that it's a "hands-free" design for opening, because let's face it--a gate that requires that you use your hands to open is worthless for a mom holding a baby.
it seems to be a pretty solid construction, and for a tension gate, it actually holds pretty well.
ha!there are definitely some downsides to it, but it has been serving us well as a dog and baby gate for close to two years now.pros:- hands-free opening- clean, simple, solid design- ability to add extenders which work great for wide hallways (i use one on each side of the gate)- tension-mount system so it's movable and you don't have to put holes in your walls.cons:- beware if you have painted your walls recently (recent for us was maybe a few months prior).
i'm not sure if the paint on our walls is cheap or if it's because there are just too many layers of paint or what, but i ripped a large chunk out of the wall upon moving the gate.
you should be able to close this easily by just pushing the gate back, but it always sticks in one of the directions and requires more care to close it properly.- i don't know how, but my now almost 21 month-old has managed to open this gate maybe 10 times by now.
so yeah, she's apparently a step ahead of all our visiting adults who can't open this thing.despite the fact that she can open it from time to time, i still like this gate and it has really been an important feature in our home.
even before she was crawling or walking, it was perfect for keeping our two big dogs confined to one side of the house.
easy to use, and easy to install.
this is also very sturdy.
my wild son can't tear it down, i loved it so much i bought one for my mom's house too.enjoy
my 22 month old can open doors but still can't open this gate!
gives great piece of mind.
i love that you don't need to use your hands to open and close it.
we use this gate with one extension and it works perfect for keeping my very large 1 yr old (~30 lbs) out of the kitchen while cooking.
very sturdy and nearly impossible for him to open on his own.
the pedal is a great design feature and allows us to move easily in and out while carrying things (garbage?).
my 19 year old grandson put it up for me as a means of keeping our dog limited to a certain area of our house, and to keep the grandkids in a more controlled area as well.
my only concern is whether it will last over time because we get so much traffic in our house and you do have to use a good bit of &#34;push&#34; to release and open the gate each time.
so this gate seemed like the perfect idea.
it's sturdy and attractive, easy enough to open even if your arms are full of toys, laundry, children...  but not so easy my girls were able to figure it out (again, we only had it 9 days though!).
my husband slid a block of wood beneath this gap (actually one our window props, gotta love old houses!)
which seemed to fill the gap nicely...  until today...  when i went to open the gate, the wood went flying out, the gate slid down, the pressure pad stayed in place...  so the bolt that adjusts the pad bent, and now the whole top of the gate seems cockeyed.
i'm giving it 3 stars because i think it will work awesome if you don't have those moldings, and if you can think of a good way to fill the gap if you do (i'm thinking maybe zip-tying the wood to the base?)
- it will work great  but it seems like something they should have thought of when they made the gate.edited - we got the gate working again, with a block of wood beneath it.
make sure you fill in the gap underneath!
girls still haven't figured out how to open it and boy are they mad.
we got this style because we didn't want to attach hardware to our door frames.
we also have another gate that is a slightly different the first years model than this.
but the primary entrance/exit to our house is via the kitchen, so we needed something easy to open with your hands full.
it is great, you can open and close it with your foot and knee just like the other reviews state.
i need to try some wd-40 to see if that will help, i honestly haven't tried that yet.
incredibly convenient swinging door.
if you follow the instructions on how to correctly tighten it on the door frame you won't have trouble.
the gate was smarter than me!my son, who is mr. motor skills, cannot open it.would make an excellent dog gate for small dogs.sometimes the pedal can get sticky and you have to push on it a little harder, but that's really my only complaint.
tl;dr if you are looking for a great gate that will function well for 6 months, and inevitably break in unrepairable ways, this is the gate for you!i loved these gates.
we bought two of them and they were relatively easy to install and had been very effective at keeping our rambunctious 2 year old out of the kitchen and hallway.
the foot petal requires quite a bit of pressure, and even kept our 6-yr old nephew contained pretty well :)that being said -- their reliability over time is *horrendous*.
these gates come with only a 90-day warranty, and both gates started breaking in obviously flawed ways within 6-months.
i contacted the manufacturer and their customer support was very good!
this is a clear design flaw.weeks later our second gate broke.
this time the foot petal stopped actuating the pin, so the door will not open.
it was incredibly easy to install, and is very safe and secure.
my 18 month son knows how the gate opens, but cannot open it because of the weight required to push down on the lever.
but all in all, it's totally worth it.
the gate is decent construction, and the lever has enough weight where only an adult can open it.
the mounts aren't sturdy.this gate only fits in our doorways, and this is with the extensions maxed-out to their maximum length.
this doesn't make for a secure fit in our doorways, and it is unusable anywhere else.
although our son (18 months, ~28 pounds) has an idea of -how- it works, the foot pedal requires far too much pressure for him to get it to open.
well i wasn't happy with this compared to another brands i purchased.
i bought 4 gates (three brands), this gate the summer and the dream baby i had to purchase other items to install this gate.
i needed a gate for the top of the stairs, and searched amazon for "baby gate top of stairs."
this gate is the second item returned.
the gate works great in the upstairs hallway, but we'll still need to buy a different gate at some point if we want the baby to have access to our room.
i am very pleased with this gate, we have it at the top of our stairs and it works great.
the opening isn't huge but it still works.
the first one i ordered was defective but amazon was very quick to replace it with a new one and works great.
we have a toddler who has outsmarted several other gates, and this one is incredible sturdy and well-made, we will be buying more of this style if we are blessed with another child!
highly recommend.
this is a great gate in both functionality and aesthetics.
may need to look into getting something more advanced for him but for under 2 years, this does the job.
and easy to install.
i was fortunate to find two of these gates with two extensions each at a second hand baby store for 20 dollars each.
works great!
my child can not open it.
it gives the extra 2 inches needed and also protects the wall.hands free operation is very handy when you have to hold the child or carry other stuff.
they are fantastic.
you have to do two things to open the gate -- push down on the foot pedal while pushing the gate forward, but because you can do these without your hands, it is perfect for when you are carrying your little one in your arms.
the gate door also works both ways, an important feature.the one negative as far as i can tell is that when coming up the stairs, it takes a little extra coordination to step on the foot pedal.definitely recommended.
i like how it swings open both ways, opens with a foot pedal so it's hands free, and is incredibly sturdy though it's pressure-mounted.
my only disappointment with this gate is that it doesn't fit well on our stairs.
we live in a small apartment and the wall doesn't jut out far enough from the bottom step in order for the foot pedal to work.
instead, i mounted the gate in the doorway of our baby's nursery, and it is working out great.
this gate is a great asset, especially if you have pets.
we were able to block our two dogs from the baby in the kitchen and when he's in his playgym on the floor.
it also swings in both directions.
it was a little pricy, but definitely worth it.
a great purchase and can withstand being manhandled by a toddler, yet can only be opened by an adult.
this gate is the best.
it's truly hands free and child proof.
love it.
the pedal operation is ingenious, so much easier to open with your foot when you've got your hands full.
also swings both ways, so you can push it open whether you're coming or going.highly recommend.
it works but it doesn't stay on as good as the boogin head pacifier clips.
it is ok, but only works with certain kids of pacifiers.
the kidco gate in combination with the y spindle has given me a safe and secure option for the bottom of my stairs.
i absolutely love this gate.
it's great.
all four points where the gate touches the wall are different depth and i also used the extension kit and it works perfectly.
it is very stable and my little boy can't open it or pull it down.
the item may be a little more expensive, but the quality is well worth it!
i was happy to find a gate that works for us.
we use it at the bottom of our stairs along with a kidco y spindle.
not sure what other options we had for mounting to our round staircase baluster.
we wanted a gate for the balcony door and this fit perfectly!
the gate is so simple in design and it's perfect for our place.
i had to buy a 5.5 inch extension and the y spindle pack to fit my stairs.
you have to push a button to lift the handle and lift the gate over a little ledge to open it and walk thru.
however...- the hands-free step pedal is pretty cool and worked pretty easily.
think about how you will use these gates in your house and what features you will value.
good luck with your own purchase!
it's generally well made and is sturdier than some other gates.
overall, it's a good choice, although in my opinion it is a bit overpriced.
an appropriate price for the quality would be around $50.pros:-adjustable size-door swings both in both directions-door is pretty easy to open-pressure-mounted (no damage to walls)cons:-you have to lift the door as you open it.
the first time, dh just screwed it back together.
the design allows it to function well as a gate, yet allowing foot traffic through by the inclusion of a lockable door in the unit.
overall, i am happy with this purchase.
i would highly recommend this gate!
we are using it at the bottom our basement stairs, and it is just what we needed.
nice wide gate (the part that swings open is wider than any other gate i have seen.
secure latch (i have a 3 year old and an 11 month old, and my 3 year old can open a different gate we have, and sometimes forgets to shut it.
this gate requires more strength to open it, which means i am confident leaving the kids to play while i am in the next room)3.
the height of the gate.
the booklet has instructions in several different languages in the front, and then referneces pictures that are in the back of the book.
this means that you must constantly flip pages when reading the instructions.
very pleased with this gate.
my 4 year old can also use it without any issues which i like.
we installed this at the bottom of our stairs, one step up.pros:*this is a very sturdy gate.
my twins stand on the first step and constantly play and apply their weight.
*its fairly simple to use one handed.
its not truly pressure mounted, and 2.)
i'd always seen other mum's and dad's using them when we were out and about but always thought they'd be really uncomfortable.well, i finally bought one and tried it with the birth of my 3rd child, (mainly because i couldn't convince my eldest daugther, 3, to give up her seat in our double pram!)
it's easy to strap on, pick up your baby, strap him or her in and off you go.
the buckles and fasteners are easy to use and adjust as needed.my son loves it - he sleeps in it, or looks around as we walk along.
i also use it when i go with my girls to playgroup.
if you are going to invest in a baby carrier, invest in the best.
has a classy look to it and goes through the wash well.
easy to get baby in and out of.
the baby bjorn is simple to use, distributes the weight of baby evenly over both shoulders, and lulls the little one to sleep very easily.
we used it at the state fair this year and i can't begin to list its benefits over a sroller!
this is the best.
even before we had our baby i told my wife that i wanted this baby carrier as my first father's day gift.
along with the swing, the bouncer and a few other pieces of gear, it will not only make your first few parenting weeks easier to deal with but it will reward you time and again with unforgettable moments with your baby!
i got this carrier as a baby shower gift and it has been truly a great gift.
i can use it anywhere and it is pretty simple to use.
my son is now 4 mos and still fits comfortably in it.
it is kind of pricey, but worth the money since it has a 20 lb.
capacity and won't just be a couple of months worth of uses.
my husband and i are students with two young children - ages 2 (27 months) and 3 months, so first of all, purchasing this item was a big step when we live on a tiny budget!
we love it!!!
we bought the brand new one (not the one pictured above- it's the new 2003 model) it has the attatchements that slide in on the sides, making it a sinch to put on.
it also has the plastic snaps to hold up baby's head and the teathers to tighten or loosen the part that holds baby's head.
anyhow, it is wonderful!
worth the money, in my opinion!!!
it is very comfortable to use, even as your baby gets heavier.
it's got the option of facing your baby outward as well and my daughter loved to look around as she got older.
she faces forward in it and loves to look around.
it truly is a life saver!!!
luckily, my mother-in-law was feeling generous with the baby gifts, and she bought us one.at first, my son hated it.
everyone remarks on what a quiet, happy baby he is.
(if they only lived with us...)no matter how much of a fusspot he is being, putting him in the bjorn almost always makes him happy.
i keep it in the basket of my stroller when we go for walks, so if he starts wailing (as he usually does after about 2 miles) i can switch him to the bjorn and he will be happy until we are home.he started teething early and one great thing about the bjorn is it puts something soft and squishy right at mouth level for him to chew on.
also, his hands get really cold, i think because the top edge of the carrier cuts into his armpits and cuts off circulation.
this baby carrier was the best investment i made for my sanity!
he is now 6 months old and he still loves it!
it is pricey, but i found it was well worth it for my sanity!
this is a great carrier!
my son loves to fall asleep in it while i am working.
what i love about it is the slip-resistant top and bottom.
they've learned to be careful and we do still use this in their bathroom.
now, i know baby bjorn did not intend for this stool to be used upside down, but my kids are always moving this stool around to use it in different places, and sometimes they leave it upside down.
this is a good step stool.
actually, now that i have it for my son, as a potty training - hand washing stool, i'm actually wishing i'd had it years ago for a kitchen stool.
it is much easier than tip toeing and reaching.tho it is sturdy, it is also lightweight enough that my 2 year old son can move it into position in front of the toilet or the sink.
we also use it as a door stop to keep the bathroom door open.very multi functional.
this is the perfect size!
it also has a really nice rubber top so it's not slippery as well as rubber grip on the bottom so it's not sliding around on the tile floors.
this step stool has wonderful grip on the floor!
very sturdy, we are happy with the stools
but in spite of some of the obvious flaws (as mentioned in detail by other reviewers) this stool has actually been perfect for us.
we purchased the white one with the black top over 6 years ago.
it still looks great & will last until the grand-kids at the rate it is holding up.
there's a trade off here: if you build a perfectly stable stool with a wide base, then another safety scenario is created: the base becomes a tripping hazard.there are hazards in life.
nothing is perfectly safe.
we taught our kids to step in the middle of the stool & demonstrated what would happen if they ignored our instructions.
with these instruction the stool has worked like a charm.
this is a well made step stool.
good rubber on bottom and top.
glad i have been right there to catch her.
it is durable, sturdy and is a companion for my 2 year old.
oh well.
this worked perfect for using the potty and for using the sink.
works perfectly, it has rubber on the bottom so that it doesn't slide on hardwood or tile.
i use it as a stool and it's nice.
sturdy, easy for my 2-yr old to move around, and it doesn't slip when she's on it.
good large surface area.
good color selections.
grippy top and feet.
i just wish it was slightly taller (like 2&#34;) but otherwise it's perfect.
very modern looking.
and my decor a good fit.
expect their children to use it.
this stool is the perfect height, good quality,and reasonably priced.
my daughter uses it for the toilet and the sink and we haven't had any issues.
good buy.
my twins are 2 years old and we recently start using the step stool and the matching potty and to be honest both products are disappointing.
this worked perfect in our guest bathroom where standing on top of a rag is well support.
also the stool is quite small and both of my kids have fallen from it few times because they will step on the corner first and before they get the chance to put the other foot up they are on the floor.
we love these at our house.
this pink one is especially cute.
gets lots of use from my 2 & 4yos.
this step stool will not budge, with all the rubber grips it has.
it's also a lot nicer looking after it's been used a while because the black rubber on the top wears so nicely.
this baby bjorn one is also very strong, even for heavier children.
i'm very pleased!
nice, sturdy, attractive step.
i want to instill in him the habit of proper hand washing after toilet use right away, and having this at the sink will help.
i remembered seeing the babybjorn step stool at a friend's house and decided to take it for a spin.
my oldest child needs to get on their tippy toes to reach the sink and it works well for our younger child while going potty.
the larger wooden 2-step stool worked great for reaching the sink, but it was just bulky and moving it so adults could use the sink was inconvenient.both my kids have used the babybjorn safe step stool for about 3 weeks and have never come close to tipping it over or falling.
my 2.25 year old daughter loves standing on this in the bathroom and it seems very sturdy and safe.
i even use it.
we use it in the restroom so that my toddler can brush her teeth and wash her hands.
this step stool is just right!
it is light but strong and sturdy.
good grip surface on top and bottom.
yes, it's most commonly used in the bathrooms for the toilet and sink but the kids also use this in our kitchen and bedrooms.
my 36" 4 yo can reach sink hardware easily.
after years of regular use, they still look brand new and have not deteriorated in any way.
additionally, all corners are rounded.-design-they do not look as nice as wooden steps in my opinion but since they are plastic, they are easy to clean.
they look at home as part of a toddler's bathroom but look a little out of place in other rooms of the house.-recommendation-all my kids love these, including our 18-month old climber.
buy and sleep well knowing you have safe, functional step that will easily outlast your child's needs.
i bought this for my 20 month old son bathroom.
this stool is very sturdy and because of the rubberized bottom does not move on the floor which is a big plus.
it is a great height and helps him be able to reach the sink.
great buy!
sturdy, good quality, nice design.
my toddler loves this stepstool.
she uses it all the time to brush her teeth, wash her hands, and use the potty.
it's very sturdy and even i've stood on it!
recommended.
a great step stool for those who don't want their house to look as though it's been overtaken by kid-themed stuff.
i like the non-slip rubber along the bottom to keep the stool in place, and the same rubber on top to keep the kid in place.
:) simple, cute, and durable.
this stool doesn't slip on our tile floor and is the perfect height!
bright colors add a bit of fun.
we keep this stool under the sink in the bathroom so our son can wash his hands.
when he's taller he'll be able to use it to get to the big potty as well.
has held up for a number of years and still looks brand new.
purchased a second one for their bathroom upstairs.
perfect for little feet.
i looked at a few options before i choose this safe step.
it is well made and very sturdy.
only the best for my grandbabies!
love the color and design.
the issue we have is that it slides very easily on our laminate and tile bathroom floors.
it's great and worked well for potty training.
my son used this when we transition from the potty chair to the toilet.
this helped him tremendously and made the toilet more accessible.
its sturdy and well made.
other than that, its great!!!
it's nice and sturdy.
i ordered this stool for my son.
he isn't officially potty training yet, he's still more of a recreational toilet user.
i'm sure that next year we will get a lot of use out of this stool, when my son is bigger and is using the toilet in earnest.
in the mean time, we will continue to be a bit frustrated.i do appreciate the wide color varieties for this stool.
the turquoise color is really nice.
my 2 yr old son likes to sit and stand on these stools.
but, i still give 5 stars because i don't fault the stool, it is sturdy and well made and looks nice.
plus, if you look at the ideal stool height for the potty and most sinks, clearly it isn't going to be the same.
i figure within the next year it will become the perfect sink stool, but until then i will have to use a higher kitchen stool for that.
still glad i bought this, but be aware it may not work for both purposes if you are potty training a young toddler.
overall a very good stool.
i like the gripper stuff on the top and bottom.
my two year old can also move it around easily.
this step is stylish and well made.
i love the look of it.
he carries it to the kitchen sink to wash his hands, help cook or bake and work on projects in the garage.
i love that it is small and light enough for him to carry and still so useful!
we have enjoyed this for our almost 2 year old over the past few months- helps him &#34;help&#34; with dishes, brush his teeth, and wash his hands.
i like the gray color and is very grippy/stable.
this is a great little stool.
we also purchased the matching toilet seat trainer for our three year old.
this stool works great in the bathroom for brushing teeth or climbing onto potty.
wouldn't recommend
love love love!
they are great in the bathrooms and kitchen.
they don't slip and i liked the color choices...i like clean white!
excellent choice for step stool for children!
this thing is light weight, easy to grab and move with a grippy top.
probably cleans up nicely, but after cleaning the kids and the kitchen and a billion other things, the stool is at the bottom of my list and just stays dirty.
simple and useful.
when i bought it this was the most unpopular color, but it matched my son's jungle theme bathroom, i love it!
the bottom and top surfaces are slip proof, which was a must!
it is simple, it works well, no moving parts for my baby to get into while crawling, and allows my daughter to wash her hands by herself.
wonderful.
this is lighweight, has a rubber bottom to prevent slipping and i love the color.
i purchased 2 of these, one for my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law's home as they are beginning the potty-training task with our grandson.
although he is still too young to be able to handle climbing on this by himself, having it around the home now will get him familiar with the item and what its use is for.
this step is very well made, sturdy, and doesn't have any sharp edges to hurt the little ones.
the top is slip-proof and has a rubber strip on the bottom to keep it from slipping on tile and wood floors as well.
highly recommend.
there are many steps, and i read around what makes a good step for kids.
my criteria is that one that minimizes a chance of slipping.
my 2-year old likes washing hands on his own, but that means he will splash a lot of water.
for the past months, this is doing a great job providing a safe place to stand on.
this gives just enough height for my son to wash his hands on his own.
my son is very tall 2-year old (38.5 inch tall), and this gives just enough boost for allowing him to wash his hands on his own.
if you baby is short, reaching to a faucet may be challenging.
great step stool for my two year old to use to wash his hand all by himself.
the non slip service works great!
i bought this for my 3 year old to use in front of our elongated toilet.
it gets her to the perfect height and is very sturdy.
i am using it on a tile floor with large tiles (12x12) and haven't had any issues with it moving around.
it helps my daughter get on the babybjorn potty seat, reach the sink for hand washing and teeth brusing.
the standing area is also not that wide, so i feel it will be outgrown fast.
this is a perfect little step stool!
the color is exactly as pictured and i love the grippy top so she doesn't slip.
i bought this for her as a step stool to climb in and out of her big girl bed.
these are the easiest stools for my daughter to use.
but regardless, this is a good reliable stool to have and looks nice.
this step stool is great, especially if you have a small bathroom.
also doubles as a seat  while you're bathing your kid!
it is sturdy for my 19 month old, and is a good size for our small bathroom.
perfect, just like the potty!
its sturdy and a good step.
this item stows away nicely, is sturdy yet lightweight and attractive enough.
the advantage for it is that your toddler can easily step on to it on their own.
good colors.
washes easy.
is a tad shorter then my other stools but still a very funcional piece.
very very sturdy!
highly recommend
this is such a great stool!
it's sturdy and doesn't slide around.
other than that it's great!
however, my son is 20 months, 95 percentile for height.
my 2 year old loves this step.
it helps him reach the sink to wash his hands and brush his teeth.
this step stool is the perfect size!
bought it for our 2 year old and he is able to carry it from bedside to bathroom with no problems.
it is very sturdy and has no sharp edges.
my daughter loves this stool!
the package says that it stays put no matter where the child steps on it - and it's true.
it's very stable and does not tip even if she steps near the edge.
it's the perfect height for her to sit on (she is a tall 19-month old).
highly recommend.
at the same time, it's high enough to help a toddler get up on the couch or to the toilet.it has a nice rubberized top to prevent slipping, which is great when you have a little billy goat climbing up and down repeatedly or exploring its uses in unorthodox ways.
the green color is also very bright and fun, and the plastic shell seems easy to clean.
right height for my two year old to reach the faucet (with the extender).
want to get a second one for the toilet so she can get up herself
my son loves being able to use this.
well.
woo!
:)
i keep this step in my sons bathroom along with the bjorn toilet seat.
the simple design makes it so easy to clean and use.
i love how sturdy the design is.
i also use this stool to sit on next to the tub while bathing my son, saves my back!
love this, use it all the time for everything.
does slide on my bamboo hardwood floors tho, the antislip doesnt work perfectly with smaller weights like a baby.
not that we are using it non-stop, but my son likes to use it here and there.
my favorite feature is the non-slip material on the feet and on top.
my kids love it and so do i!
i love this stool - extremely strong, yet lightweight.
cleans easily with some spray cleaner and a paper towel, or toss it in the shower, and voila!
best of all, it is not one of those surfaces that attract lint and gunk - that drives me nuts.
this stays very clean-looking.however, the thing i like the very best is the width to depth ratio - this is a nice, "fat" rectangle.
this is important, because toddlers move around, and rarely have a visual memory of where they have placed their feet:  the depth of this allows for some foot movement without danger of falling off (much less precision required).
will probably keep this beyond the toddler years as it doesn't look very babyish and is so well made.
my 2 year old son stands on it just fine & the non-slip top is fabulous.
solid, nice quality.
these cups have been perfect for my 1-year old son.
not these - they are a larger size than most, very durable, don't leak at all & were very easy for my son use.
highly recommend!
in fact, the entire avent feeding system, is perfect!
great lid.
i wasn't happy since the bottles are for my son.
it works.
for the most part we are using straw sippy cups but these are great for the last bottle of the night
i read wonderful things about these online, so i went out and got them.
my daughter loves them!
i bought these for my son for his infant carrier.
other than that great toy!!!
also a great price!!!
these were the first toys that she swatted and played with.
now that she is out of the carrier i put them on the bar that goes with her walker now she pulls them to her mouth and chews on them.
these are great!
my baby girl has loved these since she was just a few weeks old (she's almost 6 months now & still loves them.)
at first, i'd place them on the sides of the car seat handle, so they'd catch her peripheral vision.
my 6 month old has loved the lady bug since the beginning.
now that she has teethed on them for a couple of months, the crackly feel and sound in the wings is going away.
the ladybug is the only bug out of the three that has a nice chime sound that entertains my baby.i'm glad i bought these, because my baby does like them.
she's just started to grab the wings of them and pull them to her mouth, and is always surprised when they bounce back and rattle when she lets go.
she hasn't gotten the hang of the buzzing one yet, though.
my son loved these hanging on his infant carseat.
these bugs are a lot of fun anywhere.
right now i have them on my son's carseat handle and he just loves to stare at them.
now that she is in the larger carseat i have found other places to attach them because they are her favorite travelling toy.
this is one toy that i will be saving for her memory box!
my son loves these toys.
i love the different colors patterns, etc.
my bugs are slightly different than the picture on here, but these look just as good.
toys came in different colors then shown on the picture; but they look even nicer.
the bugs became his best friends - and mine too because, while he is busy with them in his bouncer or crib, i can spare time for some homework.
these are great toys to entertain your new baby.
my kids loved to bat at these bugs and each bug makes a different noise too!
my friend bought us 4 sets of these cute little bugs.
to keep on both sets of infant carseats my babies really like them and im so happy she got them for us.
they still are in great shape.
what i like the most of them is how versitile they are, unlike many of the other toys, these can attach almost anywhere.
they were perfect to attach to our car seat / baby carrier handle for baby to look at in the car or in the stroller.
my daughter loves her bugs and has ever since she was born!
she really concentrates on them and it's great to have something so small and easily moved that she loves.
great toy, works well on place flights.
occupies child and keeps them happy.
she loves the bright colors and they've kept her entertained for three months now.
cheap but well loved toy in our home!
it works great.
very happy!
this is excellent!
nice long cord allows you to pump in the backseat for privacy.
you might want to double check that though.
if you do your pumping outside of an office, like i do, you'll find that pumping in the car can be quite enjoyable.
you have climate control, your favorite kind of music, and you can even park under a tree or somewhere else if you have time.
it works sometimes.
very necessary and helpful part, would definitely recommend adding to your pumping bag if you're a working mom or find yourself traveling often.
perfect accessory for pumping on the go!
nice piece of equipment.
make the pumping experience way better.
it says that the pump may be more intense with the use of the adapter, but i never noticed a difference.
:)
works great with my pump n style and allows me to pump on the go when necessary.
be sure to check the voltage on our your pump before purchasing, some are 9-volt, not 12-volt.
works great- has same power as a wall charger if not better!
our family does a lot of traveling and this charger has been amazing.
works great!
no problems, very convenient, works great!
not much to say - convenient and works well!
pleased with my purchase as it makes life much easier for pumping on the go!
good price for such a convenience!
works perfectly!
i have not found a use for it but there must be something electronic i have it will work with.
this outlet plug is a must have if you want a quiet, clean and safe place to pump your milk.
i love this thing and wish i bought it sooner!!
highly reccommended!!
i rented a hospital pump, the medela symphony, with the hope of pumping at work and on the road.
i am very glad that i bought this as it has an even stronger charge than my plug in adapter.
be hands free and it is a great idea.
well worth the money!!
the cord length is great: would have easily spaned the length of my vehicle.
and best of all, they do indeed draw the nipple out to prepare for nursing.
i hope with longer use i won't have to wear them all the time.
still love them!
the cups are very comfortable to wear as well.
we have a great nursing relationship because i was able to power through the pain in the very beginning.
i found these to really help heal my nipples but found they left a sore ring around the outer edge of my breast from pushing into skin under my bra and were not comfortable to wear.
to help heal but discontinue use asap.
this works fine at protecting me even with some of the issues i had prior to giving birth.
i'm still glad that i have them in case someday they prove helpful.
these can definitely be a life saver during the first 1-2 weeks when you don't want compression on the nipple and you want them to air dry.
bottom line: the relief was worth any minor inconvenience.
my girlfriend complained of her nipples being sore from breast feeding and these had great reviews so i got them.she loved them, they dont touch ur nipple to aggravate it yet still catches any leakage
these shells gave me instant relief from sore nipples associated with breastfeeding.
still, because they worked so well, i'd definitely use them again!
my nipples were extremely sore, raw, and tender, and i would tear up whenever my son latched on.
i got these softshells and within a few days my nipples felt a million times better.
they keep the nipple erect, which helps with latching, and the air-circulation has healed the cracks and raw areas.
its amazing how much milk can collect in them... small inconvenience compared to how beneficial these softshells are!!
these gave me some relief and also the very gentle pressure makes your nipple easier for the baby to latch onto.
allowing my nipples to air dry helped them heal and provided relief from the friction of a bra or nursing pad.
overall, the pros definitely outweigh the cons.
i have both types, therashells and softshells.
softshells have soft backing, the shell is a bit bigger and on the breasts under bra they look more natural than therashells.
therashells look like you stuffed a mushroom under your bra.
the feeling compared to therashells is also different.
ever.
i had raw, cracked, and sometimes bleeding nipples from it.
oh well).
finally i found these shells and wore them with a light bra.
the relief was fantastic!
i highly recommend them to anyone with raw or tender nipples.
you can always put on a zip up sweater over the vest.the vest is very soft and easy to use and wash.i was thankful that i got it because when we were about to land at our destination, the pilot had to pull the plane back up.
it gave me great peace of mind and helped control our little wiggle worm.
so, buy and use with caution!!!
this is approved for flight according to 14cfr part 21.
best scenario is to have a separate seat for baby with a child fit harness, but for those who insist on a lap baby...buy this.
very well made, thick to keep baby warm during flight without having to put bulky sweaters, jackets or blankets.easily attaches to adult seat belt.
my wife and i took our 10 month old son on his first vacation earlier this month and purcahsed this item for his to and from flights.
the toddler size fit him perfectly (he currently wears 12 month clothes).
it functioned great, locking him down to either of our seat belts but still giving him a good amount of mobility to crawl around our laps and investigate the seats and other items around him and we sat in 1st class so he had plenty of room to area to cover.
it seemed solid at first but after first wash it completely fell apart at the seams and we washed it on gentle with line dry as stated on the label.
we used this for our very busy 18 month old son.
we were so happy to find this simple vest that keeps our baby from becoming injured during severe turbulence.
we ended up nursing baby throughout our flight (nursing is recommended since this helps with baby's ears' popping), and the strap on this flight vest is not long enough for baby to lie on my knees while i nurse her.
these breastshells are wonderful.
great job, avent!
i got them a few months into breast feeding and loved them.
however if you are at all interested in reserving every last drop of precious breast milk you will appreciate these!
wearing them around during the day helped me collect an extra ounce and a half of milk (foremilk, but still good stuff - hydration is essential!)
comfortable and used all the time.
it works very well and it is comfortable and easy to wear.
however, i am thrilled because i also was looking for something like this (a different name was recommended) and these work great.
then i found these and they work amazingly!
they are nice in the privacy of my own home, though.
the shell that fits on the breast is comfortable.
it is easy to clean and soft.
these definitely keep my sore nipples from chafing or sticking to my bra.
they look funny thru my shirt, kinda like a pointy madonna bra, but who cares when you're in agony from cracked nipples?
great.
both are comfortable and i forget i'm wearing them.
i use both.
i use the avent around the house and make the initial latch easier, and i wear the medela out because they don't show as easily under clothing.
these are great and help protect my sore and cracked nipples.
if you have really raw nipples they offer a much needed relief and the ability to get air.
i have a 1 month old and a 2 year old, i wish i'd found these 2 years ago!
they are perfect for collecting milk from leaking, but they give you &#34;madonna&#34; boobs!
the breast shells fit a bit awkwardly on my breasts.
they may fit someone else perfectly, everyone is just a bit different shaped.
these provide relief from your bra or breast pad rubbing and allows air to get to your nipple to allow it to heal.
definitely a must if you are breastfeeding!
if you look at the silicone part it has a weird yellow tinge to the silicone.i'm going back to my medela soft shells.
but new moms that are breastfeeding will likely benefit from this nipple armor.
hope this review helps.
i bought these to use on one side while my baby ate from the other side because as soon as i get a letdown both sides start squirting milk like crazy.
very easy to clean and put together.
avent is the best for this kind of thing.
it's also great that they catch the milk.
highly recommended!
these are great for those early months of breastfeeding if you have any painful sore, and/or cracked and bleeding nipples.
amazing!
these were a huge help getting started on my first baby.
i bought them on a whim and boy was a glad.
they help get my milk started because they apply a light pressure which also helps extent the nipple.
another great feature is the air vents at the top of the cups.
determined breastfeeding mom's these are fantastic until your milk supply comes in at a steady pace.they do not look flattering under a tight fitting shirt (loose is always best anyways) but what does when you are breastfeeding for the first few months as things are adjusting.
i felt that they looked better that two huge wet spots from leakage.
but they look like they would work well for their pupose.
it is much easier on the back than the snugli carrier is - i still carry my 10-month-old, 21-pound son in our bjorn at least once a week.i love it because it keeps my hands free, and my son starts giggling and babbling every time he sees it because he enjoys riding in it so much.
this is a very useful item to help keep your hands free.
this carrier is great.
i used it from her first week of life.
the price is well worth it!
putting my baby in this carrier, made traveling in the city a lot easier.
i registered for and received the fisher price secure embrace.
i have been a big fan of fisher price products and i figured i would be happy since i had the predecessor to the fp carrier.
well anyhow i registerd for it because of my previous experience and the price.
having a carrier is a great investment for nice walks, shopping and just some cuddle time if you have a colicky baby.
i tried out all the other carriers with my son in them to see what was the most comfy for us both.
my son was a month premature and weighed 5lbs and 11 ozs.
he fit in nicely and i was extremely happy with the way that his weight was distributed.
this carrier is the best there is.
love this carrier.
it is so simple to use and my baby always falls asleep in it (she's 6 weeks old).
but i tried it again with her at about 3 weeks and she loves it.
this carrier is great, my son loves it.
it's easy to clean and easy to get him in and out of it.
but my wife and i are slightly different heights, and quite different builds, which requires adjustment between wearers of the baby bjorn.the height-adjustment system should be (a) easier to reach, (b) an integrated release on both sides, to preserve balance and make height changing easier, and (c) bookmarked with tabs or stops or something to faciliate easily moving back and forth between two common settings.-eg
i loved this in the summer for the first months that my daughter was born.
- i know i can use it until 25 lbs, but honestly i'm not sure if i'll want to at that size!
i always feel he is secure - even if i'm dancing around or moving quickly.
great for the mall, ball games and walks.
some comment that baby "hangs from their crotch" - my baby loved it.
i love our baby bjorn, there are some days when our son just wants to be held.
its also helpful while shopping since your hands are free.
but, its still a great item to have.
my son, now 4 months old, hates his carseat.
the bjorn was the perfect answer.
best of all, it's easy to get on and easy to get the baby settled into, even without any help.update: at 6 months and over 20 pounds, my son still loves the bjorn and it's still totally comfortable to wear.
my son loves to grab things on grocery store shelves.
who doesn't love a bjorn??
they are top of the line, high-quality, and as comfortable as baby carriers get.
check out ebay and you'll notice used bjorns going for $50!
it is recommended that when they are so young that they still need to face you, that you use a sling instead.
where you need both of your hands, and don't want the hassle of a stroller.it's also easy for a baby to sleep in the bjorn, even forward-facing...
this infant carrier is great.
it is very easy to use once you get the hang of it.
he does get very warm in it, so i only use it for short periods of time when it is hot.
it is also great for keeping others from touching your baby when you don't want them to.
it is very durable and washes well, which comes in handy for spit up and diaper leaks.
i will definitely keep this for my next child.
this carrier feels safe when putting the baby in and taking the baby out because of the strong clasps.
it can be shoved in the basket of a stroller because of its soft and small structure, thrown in the wash without worrying about all kinds of special instructions, and used at a moments notice because of its great design.
i just love carrying the baby around in my baby bjorn.
it is comfortable to wear for us and baby.
this is expensive mainly because it is made of great fabric but it is not that important to pay double.
it's also very comfortable to carry and once you figure out how to get it together, it's actually very quick and easy.
overall though, great.
this is a great carrier that is well worth the extra money it costs.
my son loves this carrier.
i had to wash it recently for the first time b/c my son spit up all over it and it held up great in the wash.
it is a very stylish, sturdy carrier that couldn't be easier to use.
it is an excellent choice.
i have used my baby bjorn at least five times a week with my first daughter, for almost a year, and everything ist still intact and i have used it for the past two months with my second daughter.
our first daughter would be very fussy in the evening and wanted to be walked through the house for the first couple of months of her live.
but this bjorn distributes the weight and pressure of the baby that you honestly will be thrilled with the carrier.
i've even been food shopping with it.
this is definitely the best carrier on the market.
it gives the best support for me and my daughter loves it.
it is also helpful that the carrier comes in adult colors.
this carrier is the best!
we are on child #5 and have had a carrier for each one and the last one is definately the best!
i researched and considered carefully before purchasing this and all reviews and reports were accurate.the ease of use is remarkable.
even at age 9 months we use it often!
i do recall reading that you could but i have tried and find it impossible, at least for me.you put your arms through the straps and the front of the carrier is open, you then take the front piece and snap it on (very easy) you can then place your baby on you and hold him/her with one arm and pick up the front of the carrier and bring it up over baby sliding the built in post-like fasteners into their respective color coded openings on the straps.
we've just put it on, leaving one side open, and then placed our daughter in and buckled it up.
ours came used from a friend with two kids.
it is still safe, secure and will be put away until we have our second baby.
adjustments are easy to make, both for your comfort and baby's.
however, once the baby is in, it's amazing.
is the minimum i think) we tried it immediately and she loved it.
this item is wonderful for taking my baby outside for a walk.
this is a good solution.
he gets to look at the world around him in the front facing position.
i've used it several times to take him for a walk, and i've also worn it when my husband and i have gone to an art fair.
on hot summer days, i can't use it because it will overheat the baby.
i wish that there were another option in a lighter color and a lightweight fabric for summer.
i just put my son in it and take him with me.
it is fairly expensive but after seeing how much use i am getting out of it, it is worth it.
i found a few other first years items (grooming kit, medicine tote, bottle tote) that match in color and are just nice to have.the clippers are invaluable.
definitely get some of those separately so you can have extras.the thermometer is great.
i have about 3 different &quot;under the tongue/arm&quot; ones that i'm always using.
results aren't really fast, but considering the price and the fact that most people can't afford an ear thermometer for the diaper bag, it works well enough.the rattle is pretty good.
however, i like how you can open this one up and clean it out.
most that i've seen don't have that feature.the medicine dropper is pretty good.
i also have one from the first years with big bird on it.
there are alot of emory boards for filing baby nails and the clippers are absolutly safe.
the case is pretty useful, you can even fit a small bottle of medicine in it.
it is small and fits nicely into the diaper bag.
i love it.
that ball syringe is the best thing for a baby with a stuffy nose.
also, on the inside are a couple of pockets where phone numbers are kept on a provided card; i keep a pocket-sized record of baby's immunizations (that my nurse gave me) in there as well.
very handy.
i love this case, it has everything you need in ine handy case.
the nose sucky is the best one we have including better than the hospital one, it always works without repeated effort, which is very important when you have a squirming infant!
the other one worked great, but the bar at the bottom of this one warped in the sun within the first week.
we've had several other brands, got this for free with a coupon, and like it best.
i will definitely read the reviews first this time!!
i bought this as a 2 pack with a coupon and got it for free, but it is not even worth it for free.
i threw them right in the trash.
pretty colors, soft tips.
these are not dishwasher safe!!!!
if you're hand-washing, be aware of this spotnot great for travel because they're heavyas for the other spoons i have:the plastic toss'n'go spoons are best for traveling because they're light and indestructible.
i just like these spoons best.
a good, simple implement.
i use them for one thing and that is decoration of my son's spoon cup.
they are lively and bright little spoons and much shorter than his others so they make a great decoration.
i think that saying a spoon's best use is as a decoration says it all.
the handle is made of stainless steel while the spoon basin is made of bpa and phthalates-free plastic.
the colors were very vibrant at first but soon started to absorb the color from carrots and sweet potatoes.
dr browns bottles solved all these issues.
the small brush which comes in the starter kit and the multi-pack varieties is essential for cleaning and lasts for about 6-8 weeks of regular use.
you will receive level-1 nipples with the starter kit/multi-packs, however you may want to graduate to level-2 at 3-months of age, level-2 at 6-months of age and the y-cut nipples for any thick liquids (e.g milk with cereal).
highly recommend them and would definitely buy again
when my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including evenflo, triflow, avent, etc.
dr brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
i can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
otherwise the bottles, nipples and all the parts are really durable - especially the nipples.
to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles.
we started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
these are wonderful.
they are sturdy and practically spill proof.
my daughter is breast fed and these bottles are wonderful for her.
the nipples on these bottles are small and fit great in her mouth.
i love being able to give her breast milk in public and not have to stop and sit down and be descreet while lifting my shirt......(you know)  i can just feed her right in her seat while pushing the cart since is works great while upright.
this bottle is an eye catcher because it's so different.
i can see how it works because my son is less fussy and he loves the soft texture of the nipple.
if your baby has reflux or is very gassy, this bottle is definitely worth a try!
great price for 2 of these shields...
daughter has no issues with the shield either.
overall great price for 2 shields!
i tried 4 different brands and these were by far my favorite.
overall, a wonderful purchase!
our baby is now ten weeks old and i still use the sheild and experience no pain.
i will continue to use it the entire time i feed her.
i feel like she is able to get more milk with it and that her and i are able to bond and enjoy the experience of breastfeeding more.
i use lansinoh and the first years lanolin free nipple butter after every feeding as well.
great for latching problems!!
the nipple size is also fairly large.
but they are good shelds, they work good and stay in place.
it is hard to stick tightly on the breast, when my baby latched rubber nipples, it will become warped up on both sides, then it sticked on my baby's cheeks, it's so funny.
i only  tried once and will  not use it again.
if you're a pro at using shields, then these are probably great.
i ended up buying the medela nipple shield (20mm), the philips avent nipple protector and the tommee tippee nipple shield.
here are my reviews and pictures of the 3 different brand:medela contact nipple shield (20mm)this is the brand recommended by my lactation consultant.
it's made of the thinnest silicone of the 3 brands and "sticks" the best.
i love how the medela brand makes these in two sizes: 20mm and 24mm.
i hope this is helpful to those in search of nipple shields.
not all nipple shields are created equal... these don't stay on very well, they are thick (not nipple like) and large.
might be handy if your kid is a super biter and otherwise doesn't have any feeding issues.
i like that the baby can touch skin with her nose.
these shields are durable, easy to clean, handy to take along when out and about, and very easy to use.
our son was born a bit on the small side and i'm very large-chested so a shield was a necessity.
these, on the other hand are easy to use with one hand, keeps the plastic off his nose, and stays in place better without leaking.
too deep..
good quality, nice soft plastic.
these nipple shields were the best ones that i tried.
definitely would recommend if you are in need of some additional assistance with latching.
these shields are amazing!
wearing the shields has made the experience bearable.
they are super easy to use and wash and sterilize quickly and easily.
these are great for when you first start nursing and your nipples are sore.
however, i found the nipple part to be pretty big for my newborn, reaching all the way to the back of his throat.
you gotta love the bpa free material.
we are going to keep the dr. brown bottles, but the playtex ventaires are our new go to bottles!
from what i've seen, there are basically 3 methods used to eliminate/reduce gas in bottles: collapsible liners, one-way vents, and open airways.
we've tried various brands that use all 3 methods.
but as previously mentioned, the best advice is to buy one of each and find what works for your little one.
my baby is breastfed but i sometimes substitute a bottle (with breastmilk) to help with the transition for when i go back to work in another couple of weeks.
after reading all the glowing reviews for this bottle and the manufacturers claim that it helps to reduce colic, gas etc because of the unique angle of the bottle i decided to give it a try.i must say also that i was given the opportunity to review the smaller sizes before my baby was born and gave them to a friend of mine who had recently had a baby and her baby loved them, mine on the other hand hated these.
reviews are generally made up of personal experiences so mine can be significantly different than yours.
we purchased these when our son was about a month old.
he had colic and gas problems even after we switched him to gentle ease formula, we had to give him gas drops after every feeding and sometimes it did not help.
we love these and plan to use them with every child we have.
in short, our feeding experience underwent drastic improvement upon switching to ventaire bottles.
ventaire does not make a "wide neck" bottle, which is admittedly easier to clean.
the ventaire bottles have a slimmer profile and are much lighter to pack and store.every baby's needs are different and you've got to pick the system that works best for the both of you.
for our particular situation, ventaire was the best possible choice.
to heat up the drop in bottles i would warm up a cup of water in the microwave and drop the bottle into it.
with these, it doesn't work!
my son prefers these bottles over any of the others that we have.
i've used these bottles with my first born(6 years ago) and was very happy to see they're the same great quality now that i have another newborn.
my infant easily goes back and forth from this bottle to breast.you will have to disassemble these down to clean them properly.
i continue to purchase these for my son.
this set comes with three bottles, nipples and caps., and is perfect from about four months on.
these are the only bottles my son will use and of course this design is discontinued.
i took away a star because i got a pack with 3 pink bottles.
figures.
fyi - the dr. brown's nipples fit these bottles exactly the same as the playtex and you can still get those in the store.
i filled the bottle full of water and tossed it around on a white sheet to see if it leaked.
this bottle is 9 months old and still hasn't leaked!
i can't win.
we have used the dr brown's level 1 nipples in the these bottles which seems to work for her now that she can handle a faster flow.baby does swallow a bit of air, their venting system is not great.
baby has some gassy issues sometimes, but this may just be something that mom ate.
we started with the playtex nurser bottles.
great bottles, but the nipple was way too large for my son's mouth and he got a blister on his top lip.
well babies don't suck that way.
they suck at the wider part, naturally.
but it works perfectly now...no gas, no sucking problems.
these bottles are wonderful.
they are easy to clean.only complaint i have is that traditional bottle warmers don't work well with these because the bottoms are removeable.
these bottles are well made to stand up to the constant use of a newborn.
the bent shape make it comfortable to use while feeding and the ease of transferring nipples will make for good swaps if your baby is particularly bite-y.
one issue for some parents, for those who don't want to upgrade after the newborn stage, i don't think these will be good for upwards of the first year of a child's life.
my wife is a family nurse practitioner and she considers this type of bottles the best for our kids.
this is definitely recommended.
but these bottle are amazing.
she use to drink 2-3 oz milk even at age of 4 month.
i tried several other bottles and still wasn't happy with them.
but i did use the stage two nipple and it's been great.
her baby suffered from acid reflux and this bottles worked great for him.
they do help to reduce air.
they cost about 99 cents each.they work great.
there's a bottle, ring and nipple.
the ventaire system is interesting, and i am surprised at how well it works - when it works.this bottle is very picky, when it works it works great, but there are a couple of situations where this bottle has issues.
if the vent disk or screw cap are the slightest bit wet, it will create a suction and the air will not vent properly.
also, if you are using a bottle warmer these bottles won't work.
i havethe first years babypro quick serve bottle warmer, which uses steam to warm the bottle, and it does not work with this type of bottle.
the steam gets the vent disk wet, which renders the system useless.while these bottles work great under ideal circumstances, i can't recommend them.
for me, sometimes i need to warm a bottle and sometimes i haven't had time to wash ahead of time.
we tried them at three months with a fast flow nipple, because we have the comotomo bottles with fast flow nipples.
they are easy to take apart and put back together, and went through the dishwasher without any performance issues too.
the work as advertised,  allowing air to replace the milk volume a the baby eats....removing the vacuum pressure from the bottle.cons:_you can't warm a bottle in hot water, since the bottom isn't water proof_more pieces to maker sure are clean, dry, and assembled correctlyi probably would not use one as a carry bottle,  but for filling right before using...other than that...my son sees to burp less with them, so they are working as advertised.
while those were once a massive improvement, ventaire is the newest texhnology for allowing better pressure equalization, and a more cormftable feeding experience for both mother an baby that more closely mimics the natural position of breastfeeding.
it's best to stock up on those since you'll go through the nipples faster than the bottles themselves, which are petty sturdy and easy to clean.i don't use a bottle warmer since i pump.
i warm the milk up from the refrigorator in the pumps packaging.
still, this and the newborn set would make nice gifts for either a new mom or one who has been struggling with the old playtex nurser.
i usually use the dr. brown's bottles (which i absolutely love) so i tried the ventaire bottle with a dr. brown's nipple and it worked just fine.
while baby bottles with drop-in liners are convenient when traveling to see relatives and friends, these ventaire bottles work much better at home.likes:>innovative bottom vents (read instructions carefully) help reduce risks for gas, spit-up, and colic.
and 9oz.
will need to consult with playtex customer support for clarification.bottom line:good, effective, innovative bottles to minimize complications (gas, spit-up, colic, and ear infections) from nursing with bottles.
easy to clean and disinfect bottle (hot soapy water); sterilize nipples and vents (boilable) at home.
you can open both ends of the bottle.
makes for an easier clean up.
i did not notice a huge difference in terms of less gas between this bottle and the dr. browns, which also do a great job with that.
works perfectly!
my son can enjoy drinking without slurping, coughing and spitting.
super easy to use and clean.
nobody should use regular bottles when these are available.my son is almost 2 months old and likes the slow flow nipple quite well.
we immediately tossed that nipple and put these bottles away.once my son was old enough to hold his own bottle, i brought these back out with a stage 2 nipple.
they work great now.
they are light and easy for him to hold, plus the tilted neck helps him get those last drops without frustration.
he's eight months old now, and he has no problems whatsoever with them.i do recommend the dr. brown's bottles over these, though, especially the wide neck ones.
the bottles were great--durable and well-made.
we used them throughout her "bottle-hood"--for over a year.
no problems.however, we began using these again with our second child.
we were excited to hear that they were bpa-free and with our past experience with playtex bottles, we were happy to purchase these.within 3 weeks, the ink on the bottles came off of them.
we bought about 20 bottles...from a various number of stores.
they appear great at first but go downhill quickly.
while the "we take away the air from your baby" claim is probably just marketing hype -- and an invitation to a class-action someday??
-- the ventaire does seem to work for some babies, provided you follow the instructions and hold the bottle right.reviewer m. gunderson is half right, imho, about the nipples.
stage 2, though, was like a floodgate that suddenly opens.
finding the right nipple, then, is the challenge.
luckily, the ventaire uses the standard american nipple size so you have lots of choices (unlike, say, the british avent).
these bottles work nice and are a good option to try for babies who are having problems with fussiness or gas.
(we also use the doctor brown bottles).
i haven't noticed a big difference in performance between the two, but these are easier to clean.
the flow is fast and furious which is good if your baby has trouble feeding from non-vented bottles.
there are also many different parts that need to be disassembled for cleaning.i have both the "wide" and "standard" versions and there isn't any difference when it comes to feeding.
i prefer the wide version because it is shorter (&lt;7") which makes it easier to fit into wall cabinets.as far as reducing gas, i haven't noticed any difference between these bottles andthe first years breastflow bottlewhich i also use.
i typically prefer the first years bottle because of the slower flow.
my favorite part about these bottles are the nipples.
they are wide and a tad bit short and my babies latched wonderfully to these nipples.
the slow flow is great for breast milk.
*the fast flow nipple is amazing!
cereal come through the fast flow nipple perfectly with no cutting of the nipple.these bottles are much easier to clean than dr brown's, and they provide the same fluid flow as dr brown's without having to deal with the middle insert of the dr brown's.the cap on these bottles "touches" the top of the nipple and therefore the bottles do not leak while in the diaper bag.
i chose to exclusively bottle feed with both my children, i have a 2 1/2 year old girl and a 3 month baby boy.
with my daugher we did try the wide playtex bottles as well as the avent but with both, the milk flowed out of the sides of her mouth so we switched to the standard.i would definitely recommend these bottles in the standard, seems to fit their little mouths perfectly.
also, the price can't be beat!
they appear to be very easy to clean without a lot of nooks and crannies for milk to hide in that you have to scrub out.
her response was good and she told me the best feature is the micro-channel vent technology that keeps air at the back of the bottle rather than mixing it with the milk.
she also liked the form of the bottle because it seemed easier for the baby to hold.i noticed others said the air vents leaked and were messy.
actually, since both the top and bottle come off, the bottle part itself is just basically a tube that is very easy to clean (no special bottle brush needed).
assembly is simple, but in order for the vent to work 100%, the parts must be bone dry, the silicone vent must sit on the bottom perfectly and screwed on tight, and the nipple part pulled tightly against the ring to ensure no leaks.
she also has reflux, and these bottles have really helped with decreasing the amount of air she swallows.i am very happy with these bottles and highly recommend them to the pricier brands out there that make the same claims.
breast feeding is wonderful but trying to supplement with bottle when you are away can be a challenge to finicky babies.
these bottles are wonderful and well accepted as an "alternative".
needed some more bottles, so i ordered these, not realizing that playtex ventaire comes in both standard and wide formats.
we usually use the wide.
those, stick a rag in, use a bottle brush, boom, they're clean.
these, search for every nook and cranny.- both wide and standard could be improved by another measurement scale showing the remaining milk when feeding.
if you are concerned about gas use dr. brown's bottles, they have more parts but easy to put together.
the wide version of this is the first bottle we tried with our then-3-week-old baby.
i do like that they open up at both ends - makes cleaning pretty easy.
these are great for bigger feedings.
not true.
we got dr browns and instant success!
it'll also be handy to be able to pump and bottle feed her when we move in a couple weeks.
two years later, still have them.
they are good quality and durable.
sizes of different bottle brands to see which one my newborn would like best and finally narrowed it down to this playtex ventaire standard 6 oz.
the smaller nipple is easier for her to latch onto and the flow of the nipple is perfect so she isn't dribbling all over.
we have tried a lot of different kinds of bottles and these weren't really anything spectacular.
like any brand of bottle, perhaps purchase a single bottle before going with the 3-pack to see if it works well for you and baby.
in my case, these worked perfectly.
since we figured that out, these bottles have been perfect.
i highly recommend it.
when sarah, my daughter, recently gave birth, she received an earful of advice from well-meaning friends and relatives who were also new moms.
many used and recommended playtex ventaire baby bottles.
she also has these standard bottles (slimmer bottle/nipples).
sarah finds them easier to clean; baby likes the nipple shape better.
she has never put them in the dishwasher (more motherly advice) even though playtex information says pieces are top-rack dishwasher safe.
as a result, the bottles work well and baby rarely has spit-up, burping or gas problems.
mom and baby are happy.
we started with the playtex drop-ins.
the bottom has a seal in it that pops out easily and is simple to clean.
my son is a medium-flow bottle eater.
i would prefer they come with medium since that would be used more frequently to begin with when moving up to the larger bottles.overall, a great bottle.
my son's mouth fits better over the larger nipple.
i'm certainly not a mother - but gave these to a new mom who gave them rave reviews.
we have tried all kinds of bottles and these ones work the best for our little one.
she is able to latch onto them better than others and they seem to help with gas.
it's not a big deal.
her suction is more powerful than the babies, so we were convinced these were just not the bottles for my grand child.
and at $24 for 3 bottles, i'm sure there is a better option.
i put these bottles in between the regular bottles and the dr. brown bottles.
i like these bottles, they are the only ones my son will accept right now.
i tired the natural shape ventaire and my son didnt like those...
he still loves these ones!
my favorite bottles.
my son had belly issues with gas before we started using these.
i love the playtex brand, and the ventaire bottles are really very good.
i like that the bottles is angled and that helps with gas.
the bottle is nicely shaped for good flow to the nipple and into the baby's mouth with out much air.
they have a nice slow flow, and provide the "air vents" at the bottom.however, i must note that those vents are like 99% gimmick.
i purchased these bottles to decrease the amount of air that my daughter was sucking in and these bottles came highly recommended.
they are a natural shape and make it easy to feed the child.
the ventaire system does significantly reduce the amount of bubbles, which means less gas, burps and a happier baby.
they are easy to clean, and i love the fact they have covers to keep the nipples free of dirt/dust, etc.
overall, a great set of three starter bottles for twelve dollars.
i highly recommend.
after buying ten packs(on top of the ones that came with the bottles) of the nipples for these bottles, we gave up and used our advent bottles that we didn't want to use.
unlike the previous review we loved these bottles, and yes we have a baby that spits up alot and the bottles do make the difference.
our son loves these bottles, they help on the gas and the spitting up and he is able to latch on and drink with no major effort.
we also love having a different choice of nipple sizes.
both of my children were given ceral bottles at young ages by there doctors and with my first we had to poke hole in the nipple and hope it worked.
with my son we are able to buy stage 2 nipples and not owrry about him getting too much formula too fast.
these are wonderful
i tried these bottles before dr. brown's to try to cut down on the amount of air my son was taking in.
they did seem to help a lot with his gas, and are much easier to clean than dr. brown's.
i experienced no leaking with these, and my son seemed fine with using them.
we have a four-month-old daughter who has been using playtex ventaire standard bottles for the past month with notable success.
they have worked nicely for the following reasons:1.
although it does have a lot of pieces, the fact that the bottle disassembles completely makes it easy to thoroughly clean and disinfect its various parts.the bottles have presented one challenge:1.
our daughter can feed herself from both the ventaire and drop-in bottles, but it is a bit easier for her to handle the ventaire.
i loved these bottles with my first child.
i nursed my son and then pumped when i had to return back to work.
they are also all dishwasher safe.
does anyone know if these bottles (i guess you'd callit the old model)are compatible with the new "natural shape" nipple, i can't find the old style in my local store?
plus for some reason my husband and mother has trouble with the bottle themselves leaking.
her daughter does great on the avent and doesn't leak....our daughter does great with the vent aire and does not leak.
but, these are great.
she manges to keep it all in her mouth and she doesn't fill up with air.
this feat makes her very happy and the lack of leaks and tummy aches make us very happy.
they work well for our gassy twins, who also have acid reflux.
these are perfect for out needs!
here's my baby bottle round-up, my favorite is the playtex ventaire.playtex ventaire: these are excellent because they let the extra air out (like dr. brown's) to make it easier for your baby to continuously drink but mostly because they are really easy to clean since you can unscrew the bottom.
overall, my favorite out of the ones listed below.dr.
they also fit with my medela pumping stuff, which is nice.medela: these are my least favorite.
they work well with my medela pumping stuff but that's about it.
these bottles are incredible :) they are so easy to clean, you just take both ends off and they clean up so nice.
love love love :)
we switched to using almost allplaytex ventaire advanced standard bottles 9-ounce, 3 pack (colors vary)as our main bottle.
the nipple ring is tight and the nipple is stiff, the bottle design prevents nipple collapse and makes airflow work in the perfect combo so that he never got a gassy tummy again.
they have the best price for stage two nipples, since they are not offered here on amazon unfortunately.good luck, hope this helps.
we love these.
wouldnt recommend to friends.
they keep air out of tummy like thwy say.
just get 1 bottle at the store and see if it works for you.
just find what works for you.
thats it.it's different for different babies...we tried dr. browns, playtex wide nipple nurser and then ventair.
but then i got the stage 2 nipple and it works great!
the best part is the removable bottom which really lets you get in there easily to wash them out.
the one that controls gas and colic.
the one that's easy to hold and drink from.
well, here you are!
i love these bottles.
they are not my favorite kind, but i am very pleased with them.
my daughter burps and spits up much less, which makes the both of us much more happy!
the actual bottles are wonderful, but the nipples they come with are impossible!
i loved these bottles.
my son used them for the whole duration.they were super easy to clean and that is such a plus!
so i would definitely recommend the playtex bottles and they make a great gift for expecting parents.
i love these bottles.
my baby loves them as well just because they are easy to grab and the curved bottle helps in getting all the milk.
super!
sometimes even though the cap is screwed on tight, once our daughter starts to drink, milk will flow out from under the ring, down our hands an onto her chest.
the wide mouth bottles fit perfectly across two tines of the middle level rack in our miele dishwasher and the nipples, gaskets and bottom fit in the top utensil tray.
i recommend them for their price and ease of use, but warn that they can leak.
imho spare the hassle and just buy the bigger size since the kid will outgrow the small size within a couple of months.
first and foremost i love that these are bpa free.
that is very important to us in this house with all our plastic products.
this is a decent sized bottle.
these bottles are a bit improvement on that.
i prefer the ventaire bottles with the wider nipple bases.
i still prefer the wider bottles, though, since she is generally breastfed.
i have switched to ventaire bottles over the drop-ins, tommy tippee and avent bottles because i like these the best.
bottles are a babies personal preference.
my child is breastfed, and occasionally receives a bottle.since all babies are different it sometimes takes a few bottles to figure out which work the best for your kid.we started out with dr. browns, and they made my daughter gassy.
they're also impressively cheap and very easy to find.if you're searching for a great bottle, try this one!
these bottles are working great for my both 19 and 5th months.
i have all kinds, medela, medela calma & dr. brown's both big & small but these just work great.
they are a good value as well.
also, the nipples on these bottles are smaller.
i have a son that has tummy issues, including a whole lot of gas.
well, my son's bottle was filled with bubbles as he ate!
and if my son is comfortable, definitely worth it!
the best!
yes it requires taking them apart and putting them back together again, but i know every speck of the bottle gets very clean.
i love that you can use eth same bottles with different flow rates.
easy for my son to hold on his own.
i recommend these and will use these next time as well.
minus a little fading, these bottles look new and the parts still work well.
i hope that the bigger bottles are better with a faster flow nipple.
keeps gas at a minimum and are easy to prep.
i like how they fit perfectly in my nephews mouth and the crook of my arm as he is feeding.
these are great bottles.
however, if all parts are together, it works great.
it is a pain to wash... with all the pieces and everything... because if you're not careful and don't remove each piece, you will get mold under that bottom platic piece.
even with those inconveniences, i still would use these bottles over any other.
they are wonderful.
i bought this to use as a nursing footstool and i love it.
it's the perfect size and shape, it has a cozy pocket for my feet, and its lightweight enough to kick out of the way if i need to get up in a hurry.
highly recommended!
it is also compact and easy to store under the rocker so it doesnt get in the way when not in use.
perhaps it works if you don't have a wood floor.
great small, lightweight nursing stool....soft on your feet providing the support you need while nursing or just sitting comfortably.
also easy to tote around.
this stool is a great alternative to the wooden stool.
you will be able to use it beyond your nursing time, and the foot slots are big enough for any size foot.
i highly recommend it.
this works pretty well - we needed a small footstool because we bought a glider without one due to the fact that our nursery is tiny.
this works just fine.
in spite of this, though, it still works just fine.
it is super comfortable on your feet and a great height for nursing.
really happy with this!
a great price compared to all the expensive matching ottomans out there as well.
i live in an nyc apt where space is at a premium.
this was a perfect alternative for us!
works alright for a stool, but would prefer a wood stool.
good price in comparison though.
it is soft, perfectly angled for nursing, and the cozy place for your feet is an added bonus!
well, it is great.
it's sturdy enough that i also sat on it sometimes on the floor.
now that baby is 11 months old, i still use it when holding her in the rocking chair.
but surprisingly, it has become a nursery toy!
i love the idea of this sling and it is sturdy and attractive, but my 10 week old son just cannot get comfortable in it.
email me at:  jul262003@yahoo.com
not great to lay your infant inside, but ok if you leave it closed and slide it under baby for extra support.
i was excited when my husband brought it home since i had read some good reviews, however after placing my son in it his chin was on his chest and not comfortable for him at all.
also the material was  in his face.
i gave it a 2 since it is stylish & i hope it works in a few weeks when my son can hold his head up and he can sit in it...we'll see.
i went with a new native pouch and i love it!!!!
i love that most people don't realize i'm holding a baby when wearing it -- this makes nursing even more discreet than in a normal sling as you don't draw attention from people wanting to see the baby.
this is a really really a nice buy.
we loved it and so did our son.
i think that's the best for newborns because they don't have to support any body part.
i think that it doesn't worth the price for the time you use it.
now that my younger son is 5 mounths, i don't use it anymore.
my grand daughter loves this set.
the colors are bright and fun and just the right size for your hand.
plus, it is durable and the bristles are just right for a 2 year old's head.
these items are awesome.
the brush has soft bristles, both are brightly colored, cute design on both the brush and comb.
i have used both the brush and the comb on our newborn.
the comb is also soft, i certainly wouldnt violently run it through my newborns scalp, but with a gentle stroke it works just fine!
i love this set, and the kids love to look at one while i brush their hair with the other, super adorable.
looks cute and colorful.
what can i say...cute as a bug...price was great, they are very cute, perfect for my grandchild (bedroom decorated in ladybugs)
my daughter loves to play with these, but the bristles are a bit hard.
this is perfect to use on my 1 year old great grandson.
he loves that it looks like a ladybug and worm and it works great on his hair.
they are both well made and in pretty colors.
these spouts are great... they don't leak and they come apart for easy cleaning.they fit perfectly in klean kanteens, too!
stainless steel is a great alternative to plastic cups for babies and children!
i love the fact that you can buy replacement nipples for the different stages instead of buying new bottles.
either way, i love that i extended the life of my avent bottles (which i never used becuase they always seemed to leak) and no new bottles to get in the way.
good value.
you will know within days if your child will take to it.
avent cups and spouts are my favorite.
they are very easy to clean and they do not leak if you use them correctly (do not fill to much the cups and do not fill with sparkling beverages.
i bought 2 avent bottles for our son to use while my mom watched him for our anniversary.
our son loves the handles, but has really struggled with the spout.
the avents *always* align.
these create lots of tiny bubbles that my son swallows when he drinks from this top.
love these cups and was pleased to be able to find replacement spouts.
thanks
we inherited the avent bottle from friends and this transition option is a great idea.
we started our son off with the soft spouts without the flange at 6mth.
we put these spout in all our cups.
easy to clean and my kids love them.
great design avent!
indeed this spout is totally non spill and very gentle on baby's gums.
i just wish i picked a different color because the white can get stained when you give baby a drink after eating baby food.
i actually bought them to go in my klean kanteen sippy top, and of course they're perfect for that.
our daughter uses 2 sippy cups a day.
there are slits in the ends of these valves that allow them to both keep a seal & to allow the liquid the flow.
found these online, ordered them, and sure enough they fit perfect and the sippy cups are good as new again!
these fit our cups just fine.
playtex cups are the best ones on the market.
the replacement package is essential but are  not easy to find in stores.
buying these lets me extend the life of all my son's sippys.
they work just as well as the one that came with the sippy cup and i am happy with the purchase.
i love them.
they worked great!
i bought some of these for replacements and as back ups.
super awesome saved us from wasting perfectly good cups!
they work just as good as the original.
(thanks to our garbage disposal!)
these work wonderfully!!!
i love the brand of sippy cup and i love the valves when they work.
we just needed replacements for our sippy cups.
these work great.
great to be able to purchase replacements.
we are getting years of use between children with playtex sippy cups!
they are by far our favorite kiddie cups!
always need these.
i love that playtex offers replacements, since our other brand cups don't.
these are exactly what i expected and fit into our playtex sipee cups.
they fit just right, allowing flow without leaking.
the cushioning on the kneeler is awesome and i also really like the elbow rest.the hanging organizer has two pockets which fit our daughters bathwash and bubble bath.
for the price i think its the best choice out there.
this works great in our master bath since we have an oversized tub and i need the added height this kneeler provides to reach/bathe my baby.
but, this item was absolutely indispensable when i was first home and recovering from my c-section!
this item is a great idea.
we got this for the upcoming arrival of our daughter.
it is awesome!
it's very sturdy and has alot of padding.
i love the arm rest, it came loose a couple of times but a quick cleaning of the side of the tub and suction cups solved that.
our daughter and dog will never have a bath again without it.
the padding is sufficient and i love that it flips over to convert to a stool...very useful!
i don't regret my purchase because of the stool which works really great.
i might as well kneel on a folded towel.
also, the construction of the item is not very sturdy.
this kneeler & step stool thing looks great.
the camera is kind of a pain, though.
we love our in sight video monitor!
the image and sound are crystal clear and we dont ever get interfearance.
the best part is watching him play in the middle of the night or when he first wakes up and we're not in the room.
the camera works great and the picture is clear.
the handheld unit works great throughout the house (3600sqft)although it doesnt work if i go out in the driveway, i bought a cheap $20 one that takes care of that.
it work great!
the night vision element works fine.
it is nice to be able to see baby.
overall, i am happy with this monitor and glad that i can see my son now without having to go into his room and wake him up to check on him.
she is now 15 months old and the monitor is still working prefectly well.
we keep the monitor turned on throughout the night and while our daughter takes naps.
we have a second child on the way and will deffinately be using the monitor with him/her.
if it breaks, we will most deffinately buy another one.
the picture is clear and the contrast options allows for the brightness of the monitor to be adjusted at night.
it allows us monitor his sleeping habits without having to stand over his bed.
the picture is pretty clear, even at night.
we love it and wouldn't use another monitor.
we love kiddopotamus products and this one is no exception.
we don't use this anymore because my daughter is a toddler but we used it since the day my daughter was born and we brought her home from the hospital.
no slouching, very comfy and cozy - a definite must buy for any baby shower.
awesome.
i like the touch of it but i have to return it .
i love the snuzzler.
works great!
there is no padding in the back of the snuzzler, just the sides which seems to make her feel secure.
i just love this snuzzler.
keeps your newborn warm and cozy - not to mention a better fit in their carseats.
plus you can also use this in your stroller and/or bouncers!
i love other products from this company (like the swaddle-me!!!)
my daughter loves it!
the snuzzler is the perfect accessory for an infant car seat, especially for newborns and preemies.
it is also important to note that the snuzzler meets all official flammability requirements.
we stopped needing the snuzzler in her infant seat at about 4 months old.
you don't want to have padding in between the seat back and the baby.
my son was a big baby, checking in at over 9 pounds and 22 inches, but the headrests that came with the carseat still didn't offer enough support.
now that it's over 80 degrees, we've flipped it over to use the cooler fabric and he still loves it.
my son is almost 8 weeks old, so we tried taking it out of our carseat and just using the headrest that came with the carseat.
but, it still doesn't offer enough support.
i tried it in his swing, but it creates to tight of a fit.
is it worth buying something you may not even use.
our son was able to be all snuggled in and his head wouldnt flop around.
we tried taking it out for the summer but he just didnt seem as happy and comfy in his carseat.
our son is 5 days old and we have used the snuzzler in his carseat and his bouncer.
it supports his head beautifully.
the fleece side helps keep him warm.
we stayed over my brother-in-laws house one night and had lilly sleep in the carseat, and it was one of her best nights of sleep in her first month.
i took others advice and put it in the stroller, and our swing and it is great!
our little girl was born small, only 6lbs 2oz and it held her perfectly!
btw it washed beautifully and still looks brand new.
the warm fuzzy side seems to keep her very cozy in our cold weather.
she is almost 15 pounds now and we are still using it.snuzzler provides the ultimate support and "hugs" the baby in all the right places, so the little one feels secure and comfortable.
we also use one in the stroller - for extra padding.
it may even be used as a sleep positioner in the crib to prevent the baby from rolling over.we use our snuzzler every day and it doesn't show any wear at all.
it provides much needed support in the car seat, bouncy chair, etc.
it is fast and works great!
i wrote an earlier review giving this warmer 5 stars because it heated the bottles so fast and the cooler portion made it easy to use anywhere in the house and travel.
the on/off switch needs to re-designed before it is safe to use.
we take it when we travel and it is quite helpful since we do not have to leave our room in the middle of the night to warm a bottle.
if your baby is hungry they want to eat now and don't want to wait for a bottle to warm up in this thing.
i still always shake the bottle and check the temp before giving it to my son!
it is a nice warmer though and i would recommend it to others just as long as their baby is patient enough to wait the minute or mintue and a half that it takes to warm up the bottle.
this is a wonderful must-have.
but most of the time, they are just right.
we simply pour the water into the warmer unit, put in a bottle, and while we are changing her diaper, the bottle is heating.
by the time we are done changing her diaper, the bottle is ready.
we have used this warmer every day since our baby was a few weeks old and we love it.
this device is great!!!
it heats the bottles to the right temp fast very fast.
easy to use.
the detached cooler is great for trips and family functions.
keeps the bottles cool to you are reasy for them.
this is a great item for nighttime feedings.
it holds 2 bottles.
i know everything warns you not to use the microwave but it works just fine and is much quicker.
it takes a little bit of time to warm up, but does a good job.
but once that is done it is great.
it makes a sizzling sound, but you get used to it and now my son waits for the bottle to warm up and looks at it eagerly, but doesn't cry.
this is a good idea in theory, but in reality, what baby will wait 5 minutes for a bottle to warm?
the faster, easier solution is to microwave a few ounces of water in a bowl (we use a large pyrex measuring cup) until the water is hot and put the bottle in the bowl until it's warm.
yes, it's great because it is convenient; it's right at your bedside or baby's cribside so you don't have to take an extra 5 minutes to go downstairs and it can be plugged in anywhere so you can take it on the road with you if you're staying overnight somewhere.
and yes, all of your feeding accessories are close at hand and you can store 2 bottles at a time...
we're still working on it, though- even though we've had this for about two months (and please note that this is our second one - the first one stopped getting hot after two weeks).
maybe that's why the bottle doesn't warm the same way each time.
there are a couple of different basket holders.
you fill the water to the number on the water holder.when you want to warm a bottle you dump the water into the warmer place the bottle in and hit the button.
button will glow orange as it warms.
when it is ready the light will shut off.
very nice when you have toddlers that like to push buttons.indicator light to tell you when bottle is done.warms a bottle in the amount of time it takes you to change the diaper.very stable.
breaks very easily.
brown's bottlesunscrew the top just enough so it does not have a complete seal, then warm bottle.
i emailed first years and told them about my broken pieces.
it is very convenient to remove the bottle from the cooler, place in warmer hit start.
it is my favorite!
it makes middle-of-the-night feedings so easy!!
how nice it is to walk into the nursery, take a bottle from the cooler, put it in the warmer, change baby and feed her...all in good time, without leaving upstairs!
read the directions!
i love it!
well...we found absolutely no use for it.
this bottle warmer will heat your bottle in 1-2 minutes -- it's quick and easy.
this has been one of the best gifts that we received for our son!
even with just the light of a nightligt, it is easy to use.
this ease of use means that we can complete the feeding and get back to sleep in minimum time.
i love the safety feature of the auto shut-off and you will be amazed at just how quickly it works.
in addition, being able to use it for a variety of bottles, milk storage bags and even baby food jars makes it a product that grows with your baby.
it is just as easy to install an instant hot water thingy on your faucet and make a warm bottle in seconds.
however, i've had the hardest time figuring out how much water to use to warm the bottles.
help!!!
my children are 12 years apart and i wish they would have had this item with my first.
it is so easy to use and makes those middle of the night feedings just a little more tolerable.
a bottle warmer has many uses.
it takes not quite 2 minutes from refridgerator to warm.
i use platex nurser with the disposable liners, and when i tried to heat it in the warmer sometimes it would be cold other times it would get so warm that the liner would leak.
it is much easier just to the bottle in a glass on warm water
i got this because i knew eventually i'd have to warm bottles even though i am breastfeeding.
any time we have a sitter we make sure they use this as well.it is so easy and so great to use.
within minutes you have a perfectly warmed bottle for your baby.
all these bottles warmed up quickly, quietly and beautifully in this warmer.
we usually just leave the bottles at room temperature, seeing as it's winter, and just warm them from then.
well worth the money!
these nipples were a lifesaver and allowed my baby to easily switch between breast and bottle.
they are much softer than silicone nipples, which allows for an easier transition.
i recommend these to everyone with a baby!
my son liked this until his preference for regular size nipple.
oh, i could bore you with the details of what i like to call "the bottle wars" that took place in our home last spring, but i will spare you.
i like to call these "gas station bottles," which isn't fair, but in some ways an appropriate description: you can find the bottles anywhere.
they aren't snooty like dr. browns or the glass ones, but like i and so many of my mama friends have discovered, the reason your moms used them on you and they are still available is because they work and work well.
and thank me later.
a nipple our breastfed baby likes!
and the whole playtex system is so easy and convenient to use.
one dripped at about 3-4 drops per second.
the nipple is very wide and shaped more naturally than other bottles.
the drop-in bags turned out to be a great benefit of the bottles also.
they're the only bottle/nipple that she will take (won't even take the silicone version of these nipples).
now every baby is different so this may not be the magic combination for you, and even now she still has her days when she'll reject the bottle, but this was a great solution for us.
i used these with my now 3 year old b/g twins and my now 8 month old b/b twins.
my boys still use these, though now we also mix in some other cheaper bottles and use these mainly for bedtime.
these bottles are really easy to use, and they are, in fact easier to clean!
they fit in my avent bottle sterilizer and they are a nice shape to get the milk easier.
these are the first ventaire bottles i've used, and i'm impressed!
i like the angled shape of the bottle because it makes for a more comfortable feeding.the one draw back to these bottles is that there are two extra parts to clean.
i also like that the bottom comes off because it allows for better cleaning.
great bottles, no air at all!
i love these bottles.
i bf my baby, but when we wean him we'll be sure to get a slower-flow nipple top and just use the fast-flow for his rice cereal/bm concoctions.
if you get this brand of bottle, you'll only be able to use the corresponding parts.for us it's no biggie, it works the best and has so far proven to be a pretty decent investment.
my wife and i have been using the avent bottles with our first child, and have been very happy with them.
high quality, durable, and has a wide nipple so our daughter can go back and forth from bottle to breast.
this one is more natural to other bottles we have used before and also the ventaire technology is simple yet amazing.
the bottle is incredibly easy to clean because both ends can be removed.i unscrewed the nipple ring and the bottom of the bottle.
i filled the bottle full of water and tossed it around on a white sheet to see if it leaked.
i love the wide because they are easier for my baby girl to grab hold of and learn to hold her own bottle.what i love about this new style is how very little to no air is sucked in.
this meant a better nights sleep for them and me.i also love that playtex uses bottle liners.
easy cleaning, allows for breastfeeding moms to store milk and many other advantages you'll find as you use them.highly recommend these bottle to everyone.
also a great gift for a new mommy to be.
i use only these with both of my children.
these are very good bottles.
my son is taking good to them, and they work very well in a bottle warmer.
i tried these out as an alternative with my third child and i love them.
therefore, i believe these bottles are doing a great job with keeping the air from going through the nipple.
they are easy to clean and store.
i highly recommend these if you are looking for a wider nipple and something that is easy to clean but will still prevent airflow to your child.
but they are a good well-designed bottle that our daughter likes.
in fact it makes cleaning the bottle itself possible with a sponge since with the bottom and top pieces taken off you can put a sponge in from either end.if you are new to bottles though i do highly recommend this as an essential piece of baby equipmentoxo tot bottle brush with nipple cleaner and stand, orangethe bottle brush has gotten us up to 15 months, could not have done bottles without it.
it helps for these as well although it is not essential as it is for regular bottles.
in the end our daughter took right to these and the nipples on the 9 ounce ones seem to flow well for an older baby.
if you are willing to keep track of a couple or more pieces per bottle as a good trade off for the 'ventaire' system then these are a good bottle choice.
the nipple is one that got rave reviews.
these bottles are very easy to clean and very easy to use.
my are in perfect working condition and i will be using and buying more if we have more kids.
highly, highly recommended.
while my first son almost never spit up, my second spits up all the time.
nothing out of the ordinary, but still a good bit.
two pieces go together at the bottom, and 3 at the top.
the "fast" nipple is very fast.
if you're using breast milk, the "slow" nipple is perfect.
if you put cereal in the bottle, the fast nipple is perfect for that.
even my husband is happy with them.
:)
my favorite is the playtex drop-ins bottles, just because you don't have to wash bottles and can just throw in a new liner, but these are my second favorite.
i'd still recommend them.
they worked great, so when purchasing bottles for our second child, i went ahead and purchased a full set of the ventaire wide (6 of the 6oz and 4 of the 9oz) along with extra nipples and discs.
our new little one is 2 weeks old and i've had numerous issues with these bottles.
i frequently have to replace the top or bottom of the bottle to find a combination that works.
i'm going out to purchase a couple of different bottles to see if we  can find one that works better for us.
this is great when i'm out and about without my bottle brush.- the shape of the bottle is easy for me to hold and for the baby too although the 9 oz size is very unwieldy for young babies.- dishwasher safe!cons:- water will get into the bottom cap if you warm your bottles in water (but once you realize that it's easy to shake it out).- can't tell if the bottle cuts down on burping and gas.- i wish this set came with an extra vent disk and nipple like the multi-size set.
i also like how the bottle comes apart so that you can clean it well.
they are always at the nipple of the bottle.
i notice the same amount of burping and fussiness regardless of whichever bottle i use.
i own 3 sets of these bottles, bought at 3 different times and three different places, and i haven't had a bit of trouble with any of them.
my best friend and my sister swore by these.
(they both hated the avent ones.)
i switched back to the stage 2 nipples.
one of the best pieces of advice i got came from a salesperson at babies 'r us.
if they aren't what you or the baby likes you can return the starter pack and get the ones that work for you.
smart cookie.
that's how i knew the playtex bottles and nipples were the right ones for us.
the work as advertised,  allowing air to replace the milk volume a the baby eats....removing the vacuum pressure from the bottle.cons:_you can't warm a bottle in hot water, since the bottom isn't water proof_more pieces to maker sure are clean, dry, and assembled correctlyi probably would not use one as a carry bottle,  but for filling right before using...other than that...my son sees to burp less with them, so they are working as advertised.
he's now 6-months old and drinks more than 6 oz at a time, we use upgraded our bottles to these 9 oz bottles.
same great quality as the starter set.
i like how's it's bpa free, leak-proof, and easy to clean.
anyways, great brand.
highly recommend buying online from amazon the prices in the store are a lot higher these are good bottles cause you can actually hear the air coming out bottom less colic, and you can take them apart so your getting a cleaner bottle and can order different flow nipples .
the bottom valve is easy to remove and clean and goes back together like a dream.2.
the wide mouth style was super easy to clean.
if you're buying these for a small baby, you will likely need to replace them with slower flow nipples to start with.
we love these bottles!
the stores in our area sell only the stage 2 vent aire natural shape nipples.
still, i'd recommend these bottles highly.
its not convinient to constantly breast-feed and these bottles are perfect.
the nipple on this bottle is so "real" and is the only one my boy will use.
these are truely great bottles, and they dont leak either!
also very easy to clean.
i purchased these bottles and i love them!
first of all, you must make sure that the bottom of the bottle is secured tightly, and that the disk is put in correctly for you to get the advantages of the vent system.
the curve allows me to easily feed a baby ((or two!))
if there is still liquid in the bottle, i cary it straight up in the stroller, or cap it with the solid caps ((sold separately...
i found them at bru)).all in all great bottles, highly recommended!
well, dr. brown's bottles did not work for us.
i highly recommend these bottles, especially if you are dealing with spitting up and gas issues.
putting the bottles together is an extra step, but a lot less time consuming than putting together the dr. browns bottles, and it's well worth the effort.
these would make a great shower gift as you get three neutral colored bottles and they are nine ounces which as all you good mommies know is the perfect size!
i hesitated but tried it in the warmer any way on the second use.
i have used avent (review) dr. brown's (review not yet written) and these.
these are awesome!
now that is easy if a man can figure out the fine art of bottle assembly and dissasembly.
the flow is fast and furious which is good if your baby has trouble feeding from non-vented bottles.
there are also many different parts that need to be disassembled for cleaning.i have both the "wide" and "standard" versions and there isn't any difference when it comes to feeding.
i prefer the wide version because it is shorter (&lt;7") which makes it easier to fit into wall cabinets.as far as reducing gas, i haven't noticed any difference between these bottles andthe first years breastflow bottlewhich i also use.
i typically prefer the first years bottle because of the slower flow.
these bottles were recommended by our pediatricianthey really do help lessen swallowed air and in turn baby gaswhich helps lessen spit up
i like these bottles, they are good for breast-fed babies.
his mother started classes and is away for 9 hours a day.
i love these bottles.
my breastfed baby goes back and forth between the breast and the bottle so easily with these.
the shape is great for holding and the colors are nice and generic.highly recommended!
we've used these and the avent bottles.
we like both, but happen to use these more now because we lost our fast nipples for the avent.my little one is now 6 months old, and up until recently was both bottle and breastfed.
these have also seemed to work great for keeping down burps and spitup, and though there is one extra piece as compared to the avent, it's not a big deal and the pieces are all large enough that they don't fall through the weave in a bottle dishwasher basket.
(they also give you extras of the most easily lost part, the vent cover thing.
)we needed some more of the larger size bottles since she is now having 6oz per feeding, and putting 6 oz in the 6oz bottles is a bit tight.
well, we got the "neutral" colors (green, blue, yellow) and only fast nipples, which is perfect.
with the extra time and energy that goes into cleaning them they are really worth it.
which means its probably better feeling for baby!
the size one flow is perfect for my son.
i gave his mom the pack of regular bottles and i keep these at my house to use with him when  he's here.
:-)
my experience with these bottles was overall great.
this bottle works great with my medela pump in style, using the playtex breast milk storage kit.
our daughter has never had any issues transitioning between breast and bottle.
playtex offers a variety of nipple (slow,medium,fast,variable,&cereal;) flows so it is easy to find a nipple flow that matches your flow :), also a very important factor when switching.
they're really easy to clean since they come apart, and the parts are easy to clean.
thanks amazon.
baby isn't even born yet.
guess they will do the job.
i have used bottles in the past that are not comfortable to hold, so i think it's worth mentioning that it fits nicely in your hand.when it comes to cleaning these bottles you can be sure you have every nook and cranny clean since it fully disassembles, but that also means that you have lots of pieces to keep tabs on.
the key is the wide nipples...
i had to buy the wide medium flow wide nipples and they work great).
good luck to you but definitely give these a try.
those are small problems though, i would still recommend using these bottles, my son loves drinking from them.
we are loyal to the soothie line of bottles and so forth, they have always worked well for us.
and the bottle will not fit in most warmers.
they were great.
great if you are breastfeeding (wide nipple only).
:)
these bottles are perfect.
i love the shape of them because they are easy to hold.
this shape is also designed to help prevent ear infections according to the manufacturer.
these are pretty pastel colors and are easy to clean.
we started with the playtex drop-ins.
these bottles are the perfect companion.
the bottom has a seal in it that pops out easily and is simple to clean.
my son is a medium-flow bottle eater.
i would prefer they come with medium since that would be used more frequently to begin with when moving up to the larger bottles.overall, a great bottle.
the bottles are easy to clean and sanitize.
these were great at first, we loved the size and "tilt" feature.
the bottom stopper does take a bit of attention to make sure formula isnt remaining there after washing though.
we havent been able to identify the exact cause, because as far as we can see, they're clean and assembled correctly.
parents in our parent's group seem to all use something different and they all seem happy with their choice whether it was the dr. browns, medela, etc.
i'm happy with these bottles so far though they are a bit slow with feeding.
the multiple parts (5) make it easy to get these bottles clean.
my baby took to it easily and he's both a bottle fed and breast fed baby.
i absolutely love these bottles.
when i brought my newborn home i wasn't sure what to use.
when i found the ventaire collection i thought it was great because both my husband and myself had problems with ear infections as children.
it is the best bottle that i have ever seen.
we tried several different types of bottles.
you should also know that if you plan to pump into these bottles you will need an adapter.
this playtex 3 pack bpa free ventaire 9 ounce wide bottles are for my grandson and according to my daughter are perfect for him.
i tried twisting the top of the nipple to "open" the hole and tried again.
i was happy to try these playtex ventaire natural shape bottle's for my daughter.
the state 2 nipples are fast flow and for her were perfect.
it has a unique leak-proof bottom vent that controls bubbles and an angled 9-oz.
bottle that promotes semi-upright feeding and deters ear infections.
natural shape nipple is designed for switching between bottle and breast.
safe for breast milk and 2-end opening for easy and complete cleaning.
includes stage 2 fast flow nipples.
colors may varydesigned for babies switching between breast and bottle or transitioning from breast to bottle feedingventaire advanced bottles are easy to clean and come with a leak-proof, breakproof guaranteebpa freemade by playtex - a leader in infant feedingcolors vary: boy-white/green/blue, girl-white/yellow/pink, neutral-white/green/yellow1.
bottle is easier to clean.
ergonomically correct in shape.
easy for me to hold, and for the baby to hold as well.
ordered these bottles and am very happy with my purchase.
they ar bpa free and today that is a biggie.
will definately buy again.
i love the ventaire line of baby bottles but these are by far my favorite.
the wide bottle makes it easier for baby to hold on to while the feeder is also able to hold on to assist the baby.
we used these several years ago with our breatfed son and hated them.
these are a vast improvement over the previous design!
it's a bigger silicone ring, much like the nipple, but the center isn't solid so that the bottom of the bottle can 'breathe' and let air in.
while the baby has to work a bit to have an active flow, if baby is sleepy, there will be breastmilk/formula dripping whether baby is sucking or not.i like these better than the dr. brown's version because there are fewer parts and the nipples seem to be more than moms' in design.
babies will certainly voice their opinions, but if you're in need of something that helps eliminate air and potential gas, these may be a good choice.
it keeps air from her tummy and ventilates perfectly.
the ventilation system helps keep my baby's acid reflux under control.
scientific ingenuity at it's best.
i love that playtex always seems to put it's best foot forward when it comes to the health and comfort of our little ones.
thanks playtex.
in addition to the nipple being good, they have the air reducer (attached to the bottom) that keeps her from getting gassy and helps keep the liquid in the bottle flowing smoothly without bubbling.
this has a few 'moving parts' but easily assembled and washed.
we tried many styles/brands of bottles and the playtex ventaire bottles worked best for us and our daughter - we definitely noticed a lot less spitting up when we used these bottles.the design of the bottle easily reduces the amount of air that baby consumes, and when assembled properly there are no issues with leaks whatsoever.
this is a minor draw-back really as it only takes a moment to clean these, and i actually like that it allows me to get the bottle brush all the way through the body of the bottle and clean it thoroughly.
any bottle that does not have an opening at both ends really limits how clean you are able to get it.overall we are very happy with these - they're affordable and work very well for us - highly recommended.
they come in attractive colors, but most importantly, they are great for semi-upright feeding.
the angle of the bottle body actually does help reduce gas and spitups in my baby as claimed by the company.
these bottles are great for storing breastmilk or formula for quick feedings and the nipple shape is "natural" meaning it's more like the shape of a real nipple.
this now is her preferred brand, thanks to the vine program.
the two size option is good as your baby grows and his appetite follows.
we had a very colicky baby and tried anything we could to help her.
the down side is there are 6 pieces per bottle, the upside is that they're easy to clean thoroughly
these are a nice shower gift because just about every new mom gets newborn-size breastfeeding bottles, but these are a great transition item (kind of like giving a new mom a size 6 months onesie, so she has more than just the first month covered).
it's a nice touch that they are bpa free.
the number of parts to clean is comparable to dr. brown's bottles, but dr. brown's bottles at least provides you with a cleaning brush to clean the interior nipple; with playtex, you're out of luck.
but they fit well into the hand and the angle is good.
we have tried both the wide bottles and the smaller kind, and they both work the same.
these bottles were a gift at our baby shower.
use caution
i bought these bottles for my baby who is a big spitter.
these are great baby bottles.
it is easy to clean as the parts come apart simply.
9oz is a good size bottle for growing babies and their tremendous appetites.
also, it's a great price compared to other well-known bpa free bottles (some of which were $10 per bottle).
the bottom line is the basic 99 cent bottle at your local supermarket will do the job!
after quite a few issues breastfeeding i went to multiple support group sessions in my county, all the lactation consultants recommended this bottle especially if you have to supplement or have other issues.my daughter at 4 months goes back and forth beautifully (great for a working mom!
)a bit frustrating that my pump is not compatible (avent) so i have storage bottles and feeding bottles and somehow i managed to get two systems with lots of little parts but my girl is happy and healthy so it's all worth it!
this set is great for a baby that is a few months old and is drinking more.
i have the newborn playtex kit and continue to use the slow flow nipples because my baby is a fast eater and this helps her slow down.
very cool.the bottles are shaped with a angle which allows for mothers to hold the baby in a more upright position while eating.
this helps reduce gas and supposedly colic.
it comes into narrow sides that the baby can grip when it is able.all of the bottles come with caps that fit very tightly, making transporting milk easier.
all parts have held up well through multiple washings.i would highly recommend these bottles.
these have been some of my favorite bottles that i've used with my son.
i like that they are dishwasher safe and the 3 pack is a convenient size.
what works for some babies doesn't always work for others.
all i can say is that these have been perfect for us.
slow / medium / fast nipples have brought our nine month old along perfectly.
dr. b best bottles ever specially for gassy babies.
very pleased.
mom loved these but with other more high-tech bottles, it takes a while to get into "the zone."
the right nipple, the right angle and right delivery all play into the success of the bottle.
i don't see how this curved design will help him do that.
i bought 1 of these becasue my son used to use avents.
i love how it comes apart becasue it makes it so easy to clean.
i love these bottels.
these wide bottles are perfect for him as i am still nursing him while he is not at daycare.
the angled bottle makes it easy to feed letting in no air.
it does come with two extra disks, but might be helpful to also sell extra disks at the store.
highly recommended!
i'm glad i saved those because i couldn't stand these.
he has a fit if you take the bottle out of his mouth.
love that it comes in two colors, multiple sizes prepared,  and that you have a decent quantity included
i'm having a baby girl but wanted a different color since there is so much pink in her closet so didn't want any more pink.
i can easily look in baby's closet and see how much and what types of clothes i have for each age group.
i can easily plan ahead and get the right clothes on sale instead of having to go grab full price clothes at the last minute because baby is overheating in the summer.
now i can keep different sizes in the closet while staying organized.
i have to be honest.
very cute and organized according to size.
i will definitely purchase these for any future children i have, and continue to use them for many years to come.
keeps my daughters closet organized.
glad i got these with my first baby, because i will definitely be re-using for the next one.
great price and great for keeping the closet organized.
it comes with a pack of stickers that continue on in sizes way past the toddler years.
love it.
our 8 month daughter can wear various clothing pieces from "size 3 mos" up to "size 12 mos" depending on the brand/material/etc.
very easy to use, divides things nicely, and is a good quality product.
i am a organizer and these are perfect for organizing your childs closet!
these organizers made my job easier with hanging and finding baby clothes at the correct size.
simple....effective...nothing fancy...works fine for me!
i will be using these until my son is two and then i'll have to buy some more!
great for organizing clothes for a nursery.
a definite must for a nursery!
these look great in the closet and do what they do: organize clothing by size.
not essential, but i'm happy i bought them!
it fits kind of tight on my thick closet rod.we have a custom thick hanging rod, so it doesn't run smoothly.but i'm sure it will fit fine in standard closets.it's a great organizing tool!
these work pretty well in my son's closet!
i love that it pops up on top of the rod so i can see what it says.
with 3 boys close in age who all share one closet, these organizers are a must!
color - the color is rich and very noticeable hanging in the closet.2.
compatability - easily slips over the metal hanging rod of our closet, but is made to fit even the higher quality wooden dowel-type closet rods.3.
this ensures that these organizers will be useful for many years, as once child outgrows a certain size, that organizer can be recycled into the next size up.4.
love this.
i got these after we announced we were pregnant to help keep track of all of those awesome gifted baby clothes.
they're great!
great deal!
i've been using them since we started my son on solids and love them.
i also love the color variety of spoons it comes with!
these are wonderful baby spoons.
i wash them in the dishwasher without issues.
they go nicely thru the dishwasher so haven't tossed any yet.
very easy to hold, colorful, and sturdy.
these are a must have, used with both my children.
messy but fun.
i am super impressed with these.
great deal.
we love these spoons!
the quality is surprisingly great for the price.
these are great spoons!
they were super affordable and they are a great sized spoon fir my 5mo olds mouth.
they are small and wash wonderfully, and they fit in our bag to bring around with us.
they washed really well in the dishwasher because they are thicker and sturdier.
these are a huge bargain and i was very impressed!
initially, we had purchased the munchkin 6-pack soft tipped infant spoons and loved them.
they aren't as pretty or quite as sturdy, but they are great.
the colors are wonderful.
and with the amount that you get, if you lose one or two, it's no great loss.
love these spoons- lots to have and toss in the lunch box for the day.
it is amazing how many spoons you can go through in one day.
i bought these spoons for our first family vacation with a 9 month old.
these spoons were great!!
these spoons are the perfect size for first feeders.
the bowl of the spoon is narrow and not too deep, so the food actually gets into my son's mouth.
these work the best, are cheap and are bpa free and recyclable!
a great value.
best for ages 6mo-10mo, after that they bite too much and want more substantial spoon.
we just wash them in warm, soapy water and use them over and over again.
), comfortable, and gentle on babies' sensitive gums (though they are plastic, not the rubber-tipped kind).
i love these.
perfect size for little bites, and in my opinion perfect for any age of baby.
these spoons are perfect for babies just starting solids.
they are light weight, easy to hold small amounts of pur&eacute;ed food and i love that they are dishwasher safe.
these spoons are great, i keep a few in a diaper bag, a few at grandmas - etc.
i give one to my son as i feed him.
its a great set.
you can't beat the price.
i have a 3 year old and although it is on the small size for him, it is still large enough for him to get enough food on the spoon and into his mouth.
the fact that these spoons are inexpensive make them perfect for daycare.
the tips are soft and rounded, and gentle on baby's gums.
we have 2 of these mirrors, one in my sedan and one in my husbands suv.
it is a nice big mirror and i can see my daughter very well, without it blocking my rear window.
the suv is a different story.
if you have leather interior, this won't be a very appealing option.
we're expecting baby #2 soon and will purchase one more of these since they do work well, so just make sure you get those pins to go along with it!
i purchased this mirror because it looked like a great way to keep an eye on the kids while on the road... well, it's a great size, it's very clear, and i love the pattern on it... but it won't stay put!!
i gave it four stars because it does the job (now!
it is at a bit of an angle, but who cares as long as i can see my son?
it's on there very securely and hasn't moved in the three months we've had it.i love being able to glimpse at my son when we are driving around, just to see how/what he is doing.
a friend of mine doesn't have the mirror and she turns around at every stop to check on her son (we can't help it - we're first time moms).by the way, we were concerned about it becoming a projectile in a crash, but, when we had the carseat installation checked by our insurance company, they said it was secure enough and not to worry.
it is great!
it is worth every penny!
it's good in a suv or something like that so i use it in my mom's blazer and it works good...
it has easy removal for washing.
my toddler son is one and he is a little tall.
also my son is very strong little guy.
the design is ideal.
i used it for a few days  and i felt very safe but as soon as i washed the stove the 3m stickies came off.
we purchased two because our stove is on the end of our countertop.
now it is just a crappy piece of plastic.
so when the baby reaches up and touches it, it's not cool to the touch.does it keep him from putting his hand on the hot burners?
my glass stovetop is exposed on three sides, and i haven't yet found an effective way to block the stovetop from my toddlers.
this guard has been fantastic.
these apply really easy with double sided tape that is included and have withstood the heat.
easy to open and quick to snap right back into the locked position.
baby can't open the over door at all.
great purchase, would recommend to anyone with kids.
sidenote: amazon prompted the rating of the educational value and 'fun' value of this item and would not allow the review without it.
be sure to use the sealing discs between this and the bottle or milk will get everywhere!
hopefully i can help out another mom by posting this review.
these converters worked perfectly with my medela swing breast pump and my medela pump in style.
the kit came with two sets of adapters to connect directly from the medela pump to most bottles, the one pair fits avent (old & new style natural) bottles perfectly.
now i can pump right into my bottles with my medela pump.
but with the rings, they work perfectly.
huge timesaver.
i use this with the medela pump in style advance.
this has two for the bottles and two for the via nursers.
love it!
i use these with my medela pump.
we love avent bottles.
now i pump right into bottle and don't use bags.
i use this to pump with mypump in style advanced breast pump backpackand pump directly into my avent bottles.
just make sure you still use the ring to seal the converter to your bottle or you will spill your milk everywhere!
i definitely recommend getting some extraphilips avent adaptor bottle rings(to prevents leaks) - they're small and easy to lose.
it connects perfectly and makes it easy for me to pump direct into the bottle rather than having to transfer the milk from container to container and risk contaminating it.
i also like that it came with adaptors for the avent via breastmilk storage containers as i use those as well.
it is great for pumping  with my medela pump, but i lost a lot of breast milk by capping it and transporting.
i finally figured out that you need to use the inner rubber ring with the converter.
the products work as described with no leaking and attach easily to my medela pump.
love that you can buy the avent in a two pack for your double pump.
this products comes with 2 different conversion rings (2 of each).
i have been using one of the two types of conversion cap for my medela pump and avent glass bottle and it fits well.
this is an excellent accessory to get along with any avent breast pump and/or avent bottles.
these seal well.
this conversion kit allows me to pump into the large 9 oz avent bottles, which is very helpful as the medela bottles only allow up to 6 oz.
i've used it with the medela personal double electric and the manual harmony.
we ended up not using avent bottles, but i still use these with an avent bottle set to pump and transport milk between work and home.
of course the breast pump and bottle industry can't make it easy for everything to work together.
these adapters fit great onto the pump and the philips bottles.
so all of our avent bottles got packed up and put away for the next kiddo... hopefully we will be able to use this kit then!
wow!
i am an exclusive pumper so my breast pump and i have become best friends since the birth of my son.
however my son takes 6 oz bottles and sometimes each one of my breasts will produce up to 10 oz.
the key is to aim the valve on the inside properly.
two different sizes comes in the box.
one size did work with the natural flow bottles.
the answer is simple - this is a great, almost mandatory, accessory for breast pumping.
our children are and have always been fed with exclusively breast milk.
the little 4-oz bottles that originally came with the pump worked great at first - but our twins are growing fast, and now regularly eat more than 4 ounces per feeding.that left us with two options: my wife could start taking a large cooler with her so that she could pump into more than one bottle per side each session (which would be a long, inconvenient, and somewhat messy process to change bottles mid-pumping) or to pump into larger bottles.
using these adapters, she can pump right into the bottles that we use for feeding - saving transfer steps in many cases, and the size of the container can grow with our kids.
we think these are great - and would be a great value at several times the price!
honestly, i love my avent bottles, however i did not love my avent pump!
i rented the medela hospital pump and these worked perfectly.
these are also dishwasher safe, which i completely appreciate.
i use it with a set of avent storage bottles (many nipple fit on them) and my rented medela symphony pump.
no leaks, easy to clean, works just like the description claimed.
i purchased these so that i could pump directly from a medea pump to my avent bottles and it works perfectly.
these fit both my medela & spectra dew pumps.
my medela is ancient - at least a decade old but the newer pump parts still fit it, so these go from the standard bottle size to fit the avent bottles.i have both the super wide nipple avent bottles as well as the classic size and these adapters fit fine.i also have the avent via storage system and the wider converter fits those just fine as well.i don't know what the other reviews mean about leaking....
if my milk is nearing the top of the bottle/container while pumping, i switch out bottles.
i pump with a hands-free bra on the way to/from work.
they are great!i highly recommend them to all pumping mothers!
i love the idea of these.
but they are handy to have and i'm sure i'll use them again.
it was so nice to get these and be able to pump directly into my son's bottles as opposed to the pump bottles that would then have to be poured into his bottles.
easy to place on the pump and bottles.
these work great and screw onto both the pump (i use an ameda purely yours) and bottles easily!
i hated the avent pump, but loved the bottles.
i hated the medela bottles, but loved the pump.
perfect world.
now i can pump from my pump right into my avent bottles!
less effort on my part means a happy mom and a happy baby!
i wish i had these with my first.
just remember to use the blue ring and you'll be good to go!
it's a time saver and well worth every penny.
you need to make sure that you also buy covers for storage purposes because even if you try to use the lids that come with the bottles, you will still get some leakage.
these are great adapters!
i use an avent pump and bottle system but since my husband got a free medela pump from his work, i now needed something to adapt to my avent bottles and cups.
these work perfectly, i have never had any issues with leaks or spills.
so i learned... use the ring!
which pumps does the conversion kit work with?
(these are the pumps as listed on the box)medela pumpsevenflo comfort selectameda purely yourslansinoh double electricplaytex embracedr.
in the mornings i will pump directly into the avent bottles withphilips avent bpa-free classic bottle sealing discsin place to store in the fridge.
now i can use my medela pump to express milk and easily store in avent bottles.no more transfer here and there.
i bought two of these undermats and wish i had not.
they advised us the us to use shelf liner.
it works the same and is more attractive.
it does protect my leather and have an organizer but i have an suv and it runs tight and small.
we do have a suv w/cloth seats but still had trouble with the base moving.
now the seat stays still and the handy storage is great for extra diapers in case you run out in your diaper bag!
worth every penny!
i bought two of these and thank goodness bru let me take them back.
we had our car seat checked at the local police station, and the safety officer recommended that we not use anything under our car seat.
personally, i love this bottle warmer.
it has worked perfectly since the moment i started using it.
i had to pump for most of the time i nursed and we had to warm bottles for each feeding.
ours stopped heating consistently after two months of use.
pros: it is simple to use and you can operate it with one hand.
and it heats fast!this makes a very economical and thoughtful baby gift - i have already purchased two for friends.
but it is convenient and compact and it does do it's job even on the wideneck bottles.
it works like a charm.
one thing to know is that it almost always takes the &#34;max&#34; amount to heat up a bottle adequately, but note our son likes his bottle on the warmer side.
you either have to warm it twice, put in double the amount of water or place bottle in a bowl of hot water.
however, for bottles at room temperature, it is perfect.
actually they somestimes can get too warm and have to be cooled
i have tried a few bottle warmers and this definitely the best.
during the day we use the bottle in the kitchen and at night we take it upstairs to our bathroom for easy feedings.2-the price!
it is half the price of the avent warmer and has an auto shut-off mode.3-auto shut-off!
in most cases, you'd have to buy a more expensive bottle warmer just for auto shutoff feature.4-easy to clean and even easier to use.
it beats standing in front of a running faucet or boiling water just to warm some milk.
this bottle warmer is easy to use and works quickly.
it's very portable, easy to use, and works fast.
remember, different bottles will necessitate different amounts of water.
i highly recommend it.
i work part time and ebf my son.
all other bottles work awesome though!
and u don't have to deal w/ plugging it in.
the dr. browns is much better, and we have found that one works great for dr. browns, first years and playtex bottles.
i started to use this one 2 months ago since the baby is borned, and it work perfectly fine.
i read a lot of reviews about other bottle warmers.
this one is pretty easy and straight forward.
it does an excellent job at warming our bottles.
it will simply warm up any water that's in the compartment.
we love this warmer!
it's important to keep the bottom of the reservoir clean, otherwise minerals in the water start collecting and will burn and smell.
i was pleased with the performance for the price paid.
sure, it works.
but do you (mom) really want me (dad) dangling our infant daughter around a red hot stove?
all in all, my bottle is ready in 60-90 seconds - all done with the power of one hand.
i just pour the milk into the bottle, plop it in the warmer, and it is heated to the perfect temperature with the touch of a button!
the steam heats it perfectly every time!
this works great!
totally worth the cost, it's very cheap and effective, you don't need all the other fancier ones.
i warm up eight ounces at a time and use the max water- perfectly warm each time.
this is a fast and convenient way to heat bottles.
change the baby's diaper, feed her, put her back down and she's out.is the warmer perfectly consistent?
only if you use a crock pot with a temperature nob.
plus that can't be safe and you'd have to clean it.is it capable of overheating?
see the first step in my directions and this con won't matter.do you have to stick around?
i want to feed this baby fast.
but my method really works for me because i use disposable liner bottles and those are easier to heat.
it is awful for the solid bottles, i don't know what works best for those.okay, i think i've covered all.
once i received it (i got 2, one for upstairs and one for downstairs), i read the very short and easy directions, and voila!
perfect warmth on first use.
otherwise i'd give it 5 stars.
it does warm the bottle to the perfect temperature.
it's an average bottle warmer, but broke after a couple months worth of usage.
this one is the 2nd best.
this way, milk is warm fairly quickly, there are no hot spots, no breastmilk nutrients are lost, and most importantly--it's free!
the vial of water requires some trial and error to make sure the bottle isn't too warm or too cold but other than that no issues.i haven't had as much luck with using it to heat up solid food.
i have found that it does not warm chilled bottles using the amount of water recommended.
i usually have to warm it twice or use more water than recommended.
she keeps a supply of breast milk in the fridge.
of course, i must warm up the milk and we purchased "the first years quick serve bottle warmer" for that purpose.
using it is fairly quick and easy.
otherwise, the warmer is nice looking and easy to keep clean.
do i need it to be perfect?
i don't even use the water measurement as it doesn't warm correctly.
i can leave it, change her and come back to a warm bottle.the only thing i hate it the brown caramel-like residue in the bottom.
it's easy to clean though.
i did not have one of these for my first son.
it's simple and to the point.
we had this warmer for our second baby and wish i had purchased it for our first born also.
this warmer is easy to use and warms up the bottles pretty quickly for that crying baby who can't wait for that milk.
it is very compact which makes it great for travel.
good recommendation...put it on your registry!!
if you are formula-feeding, just use the microwave.
this bottle warmer is probably the best $16 i've spent for the sheer convenience of being able to warm a bottle quickly.
follow the easy directions and you have the right temp.
food,formula,etc.
got this as a gift and use it frequently.
love the jar lift also.
with all the restrictions on how you can warm breastmilk, this was the best thing.
works great everytime and never too hot.
love it.
works better then others we have tried.
very quick and easy.
i also have to keep a close eye on the bottle because it will go from slightly warm to hot very quickly.
keep your fingers away from the steam!2.
this warmer works when it wants to which means only when i'm testing it and never when i need to warm a bottle at 3 am!
after experimenting, i learned that i had to fill it about a half inch above the highest number marking (10) in order for the milk to be about as warm as it is from the breast.
this works great.
however, when i use it to heat milk from the frig so my husband can feed her, it works great.
that method works much better.
but once you get the hang of it, it becomes second nature and it's definately a bargain!
this would be a great shower gift!
for the $15(ish) price, i'd say that this bottle warmer works well.
this is an pretty good bottle warmer.
i used this with many different types of bottles (e.g., advent, playtex, dr. brown.
etc..) and it works for all of them.i would prefer the dr brown warmer below which has certainly more featureshttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0035llg2w/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeasin;=b0035llg2w&linkcode;=as2&tag;=justckem-20
i love this bottle warmer.
i am a first time mom and this has been a life saver.
great quality and price.
unit works fine , warms the bottles as advertized - as for sticking to the timeline and checking the warmth of the milk -- i always double check - glass bottles warm up quicker then the plastic once
this works great, and is super fast at heating up the bottles, but the only problem is that the bottles im using (the breast flow 4oz) are short enough that pulling them out gets you steam burns on your fingers, and thats if you can grasp it!
is great for all bottles and use for food and have steamed passies in it when they fall and i don't have a back up with me!
i love this bottle warmer!
it works great for me, and warms the bottles very fast.
i can put a bottle in, change my baby's diaper, and come back to a warm bottle.
once that is figured out, the warmer is so easy to use.
(i use avent bottles and they fit great)
i am currently breast-feeding, but pump a bottle for my husband to use to feed our daughter at night.
it saves time and makes a perfect bottle every time!as some of the other reviewers note, you do need to read the directions to find out how much water to use with the amount of liquid you are heating.
as long as you use the right amount and wait for the water to evaporate entirely and turn itself off, you get a perfect bottle!
you can also hear when the last of the water evaporates (a small hiss).i've used dr. brown's bottles - both the 4oz and 8 oz size - and it works great.
highly recommanded!
this is one of the cheaper bottle warmers out there and it performs perfectly.
it only needs a minute or two to make milk from the fridge warm enough for baby.
my brother uses this to warm his son's baby food and it works perfectly for that also.after using this one i see no reason to buy one of the more expensive models you may find in a baby store.
it sure beats warming a bottle up on the stove, but it could use a couple of improvements.i think the recommended amount of water to add is based on room temperature bottles, not refrigerated milk, because it never gets warm enough by their measures.
when my son was old enough to eat jar food, the warmer has a special adapter to warm them up as well.all in all, i would recommend it, but just realize that you will have to come up with your own water measurements to add.
just put some water in and give it 3-4 mins and your bottles are warm.
it doesn't take up a lot of space and it also warms jarred food.
i find that with my baby the perfect temperature for 4 oz.
is at the "7" mark.
get a great bottle warmer without breaking the bank.
it's convenient to travel with and small and compact to leave on the counter all the time.
great for new mom's on a budget!
2 weeks of use.
i like that the unit doesn't take up a lot of space, it's light weight and only needs a small amount of water to warm the bottle.
and at this price, i was able to buy a warmer for both grandparents' houses.
i have twins and it takes longer to warm in this than the sink and you have to wait ten minutes between each bottle.
i have to tell you, this warmer is terrific!
it works equally well with breastmilk and formula.
we have tried both gerber and avent bottles, and they both work well in this warmer.also, the size is really convenient.
we are very happy with this bottle warmer!an update- this can also be used for heating up jars of baby food (just remove the upper ring)- so convenient.also, by adding cold water immediately after the bottle warmer stops you can cool the heating element, which will enable to turn it on again without waiting.
works well and as expected
we have the first years day and night bottle warmer (with the cooler on the back) for use upstairs, and loved it so much that i decided to order what i assumed to be the same item without the cooler for the kitchen counter downstairs.
it never heated the bottles as well as the one that we had, and the bottles gradually got less and less warm, until the warmer didn't work at all.
this product is small and compact yet very helpful for those middle of the night feedings when you are exhausted and you need the hubby to warm up a bottle to feed the baby!
at first we were following the directions, a little difficult to understand, and the milk from the fridge came out cool but not body temp warm like from the breast.
this bottle warmer works and it works fast!
bottle sizes are different as well as milk temperature.
for me, i fill the line to "6" and that heats my 4oz of milk perfectly.
the water tube that comes along with it does not hold enough water to warm her bottle sufficiently.
we had to pour at least three tubes worth of water in there to get her 5 ounce bottle warm.
i ordered the dr. browns bottle warmer and am in love!
this is the first bottle warmer i have ordered, and it is one of the best i have ever used.
i find it super easy to use, super easy to clean, and it gets the bottles to just the right temperature.
this is absolutely one of the best bottle warmers i have ever worked with.
i would definitely suggest it to friends and family, and i actually have done so!
when our son decides he's hungry, he does not want to wait for the traditional method of placing the bottle in a bowl of warm water.
in the middle of the night when the baby is screaming and you need milk - fast.
even if you put the same amount of water in it and a bottle with the same amount of milk each time - the temperature will be different.
i much prefer the munchkin high speed bottle and food warmer, the water vial stays firmly in place.
it heats to a perfect level each time.
i purchased this warmer and the first years night and day bottle warmer for my bedroom.
so far they work really great at heating the bottles to the right temperature.
we are using medela bottles with haberman nipples and using the directions provided it works great without any issues.
it takes what feels like an eternity to warm up, then overheats the milk.
start the process over, give up and get your child used to room temperature feedings and all is right in the world.
just perfect !!!
works great, small, easy to use very practical!
for the price it's great!
work with my glass and plastic bottles...
this warmer is a life saver!
it is also safe for playtex liners and it will warm more than just milk.
previous reviewers were right - it's tricky to get this warmer to warm up your bottle just right.
but it's fast and convenient.
best there is for the price.
it's okay for $15.
we use it several times a day so it is at least worth that.
occasionally when i warm a bottle it somehow seems to boil the milk out if it.
i use it with born free bottles which are pretty wide and my sister uses it with avent brand bottles.
this warmer works perfectly well with both brands.
warm formula always hits baby's spot and helps with gas and spit up problems.
can't' beat the convenience and it is priced really well compared to other brands of similar items.
great warmer.
well made and easy to use and clean.
it is really quick and easy to use, very convenient and safe!
this one is way better and uses steam to warm the bottle instead of boiling water around your bottle/food.
the measuring tube tells you how much water to put into the warmer for the amount of liquid you want to warm.
it works quickly and is wonderful, especially for the night feedings.
always make sure you test the milk before you feed your baby!
i've used this for baby food jars and it works perfectly too.
i love this warmer because it's so easy to use.
works well and takes up a tiny bit if counter space.
rest assured, this is all you will need!
my finicky baby had to have his warm alimentum.
it was ready within a minute and after a few shakes, it was the perfect temperature.
my daughter said this one is pretty fast.
this works very well.
it doesn't take long for it be at a perfect temperature.
we have two - one upstairs and one in the kitchen.
we have used it both with the medela bottles and with dr. brown's bottles.
it is very effective and is easy to use.
it takes forever to warm the bottles and then it doesn't even warm them.
works great!
i use it to heat up her bottle and her frozen homemade baby food.
i definitely recommend.
i even thought about using this when my husband and i go camping to heat up our adult food.
we love this bottle warmer.
it is small so it doesn't take up huge amounts of counter space.
but, every now and again, my husband gives our baby a bottle of breastmilk.
even if you use the amount of water as recommended in the documentation, the heating is not consistent.
later have a warm bottle for our daughter.
we never tried heating up food so i can't comment on that part of the warmer.
it is good but not great and takes patience and time to figure it out.
usually filled with 4oz.
i am looking foward to seeing how this warmer works with baby food jars.
we use this for breastmilk in avent bottles, and it works ok --but don't follow the directions on the back.
it works well for being an inexpensive warmer.
this warmer works great!
i use the playtex nursers, and this works perfect for them.
plus, this warmer doesn't take up a lot of space.
i bought this for my 2nd baby, thinking it'd be easier than warming a cup of water to warm the bottle.
provide a simply warm bottle every time
this bottle warmer definitely is useful - it does what you want it to do.
the only part i wish this had that some other manufacturers build into the model is an ability to use the steam to steralize baby paraphenalia, such as pacifiers.
i got this as a gift and love it.
for the price it is well worth it.
it doesn't work.
i (and my wife) have 3 different bottle types,the medela breastfeeding bottles, the avent standard/naturals and the playtex ventaires.
solid enough.- it can be cleaned.
the unit itself, you can remove all the baskets (which it comes with a basket for prepared food jars!)
trust me you will appreciate this button.
drop the bottle in the chamber and hit the button.
whatever system works for you but this method instantly brings the mixture down to perfect warmth.
the manual and the back of the unit has the handy measure scale in case you need it anyways.overall, if the baby's tummy is more comfortable because warmer milk is easier for him, then we're happy.
it's worth the few more hours of peace and quiet.
i hope this helps.update: use it like mad and it's still working like new.
by the time you give the water a swirl with the powder and the outside of the bottle is still fairly warm, the remaining coolness of the water inside cancels out the residual outer heat to make it ready to feed immediately.
awesome!update 9/18/2013: still rockin and i even ordered another warmer for upstairs.
i think it is a great bang for the buck and now with winter creeping around, most definitely will be used like crazy!
again, bottle warming is not an exact science so get that dream out of your head, you just need to figure what works warmer water-to-bottle volume ratio and stick to it.
play it right, the whole process is quick and efficient.
works great if you follow the directions.
however, i stopped using it after a couple of weeks and realized my son took the bottle just fine without the need to warm up the bottle.
we do like the auto-shut-off, because that's what we'd listen for at those 4am feedings (the click).
besides the occasional heating changes, the only other drawback is that there is no easy way to clean it, particularly if you live in an area that has highly mineralized water, and the marks on the measuring cup come off within the first month of use.
i re-marked it with a sharpie with the two water levels we use (playtex bottles with and without the thumb slide) so that friends babysitting our son or helping us out by heating a bottle while over visiting know how much to put in.
life will probably be easier for formula babies since formula doesn't change over time!good luck!p.s.
a water softener with regular applications of rust-inhibitor solution, or the use of distilled water will probably reduce the amount of cleaning required.
great to use in hotels and or if you'll be staying with relatives.it will accommodate wide neck bottles.
it is not designed to warm multiple bottles.
we brought it with us for traveling and it worked great at hotel.
it is very powerful.
that has always worked for us.
my husband and i love this mixer - we first used the munchkin one, but didn't like that you had to constantly hold down the button to make it work, with this one you just flip the switch and it stays on.
we use this to make a big batch of formula for the day (daycare mandates we have all bottles pre-made for the day) and it works well.
hopefully this doesn't happen again.
boy, it will really mix a bottle of formula fast!
basically, our son is fed mother's milk, but he's growing fast, has a growing hunger and sometimes mom just can't keep up.
first, it spins so fast and powerful that it foams the milk.
it might be real good at the bar for fixing small pitchers of martinis.
maybe i could use one in the workshop for mixing and stirring up small amounts of paint.
plus shaking sometimes doesn't get the clumps out and with this i get a nice even mixture.
best of luck!
i was so happy to find this on amazon.com and it was definitely worth it for the price.
i am still using medela 5oz bottles and it fits easily inside.
if you're not careful, the formula will go everywhere, especially in a 4 oz bottle.
about 4 seconds of this blender right in the bottle and milk is totally blended.
doesn't spatter, even in small (4 oz) bottles; easy one-hand operation (while bottle is sitting on counter and baby is in the other arm!).
on button has both pulse and on (i only ever use pulse because it's that fast).
this mixer is great.
i used it with my daughter who is 4 and just bought another one for my son.
also when your done mixing bottles it is great for chocolate milk and grown up drink mixes.
these work well for preventing spit up and air in baby's tummy.
additionally, i found the big dr. brown's bottles (8-9 oz size) to be very cumbersome, especially when storing them in the fridge or in a diaper bag.every baby is different and you've got to pick the system that works best for the both of you.
my son was born 5 weeks early, and weighed in at a whopping 4 lbs, 6 oz.
wow!
so they come with two extra parts...big deal.
we made the switch from playtex to dr. brown when our son was having issues with spit up and gas.
i bought these bottles with the hopes that they'd reduce my baby's gas and fussiness.
i bought these bottles on a lark.
we now use these, and she can actually sleep after taking her bottle.
i know they take longer to clean, but it is worth it if you have a happier baby!
i highly recommend these!
my mother-in-law suggested the dr. brown's bottles.
i use both the 4 oz and the 8 oz bottles for her.
i love these bottles and am so happy that i purchased them.
by the way, i use the avent bottle warmer and the 4 oz and 8 oz bottles fit perfectly.
i bought these because of the reviews and am very glad i did.
the day we started using these, he was like a different baby.
recommend these to everyone!
when my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including evenflo, triflow, avent, ventair, etc.
dr brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
i can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
we started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
as a new mommy, i bought a sample of all the different recommended bottles out there to see which one my newborn would like best.
dr. brown's is obviously a highly recommended bottle, particularly for those who have colicky babies or those who spit up/have gas frequently.dr.
brown's came in as the #2 choice for my newborn.
and as other people noted, my bottles leaked sometimes, as well.
but again, every baby is different and like what they like!
i bought these on a recommendation from a nurse in a child birthing class my husband and i went to.
my daughter was small for her age, and at 6 weeks old we are still getting use out of them at 4oz.
:)
dr. brown's bottles are great!
now, i warm them up without a top on it and everything is fine.
these bottles are great.
the wide-mouth nipples look very similar to the avent ones.
my daughter "smacks" a lot when she eats and subsequently takes in a lot of air.
wide-mouth bottles are very large!
as the baby sucks on a traditional bottle they have to gradually suck harder and harder as pressure builds in the bottle.
this also creates pressure in their ears which can disturb the fluid balance and cause inner ear problems.
i will definitely be purchasing these as shower gifts for new moms!
we use these bottles almost because my son is an infant and he always has gas.
honestly, though even though its a bit time consuming to clear all the parts i have seen a noticeable difference in these bottles compared to others i have tried, however.
i doubt these help with colic but they are a good preventative measure.
with the dr. brown system).
i have since stopped using the system and now just use different nipples on the tops of these bottles.
i'm hoping i will be able to use the system for her later on.
i truly believe in dr. brown bottles!
our baby girl is five weeks old and these bottles helped with her colic and fussiness during and after eating.
these bottles are a must for babies with colic.
we tried everything to help him.
i am so happy with these.
and we havent had any leaks, btw... these things are great.
oh, and they also make a widemouth version that you can get at babies r us... just in case you prefer them....
i wish i had gotten these earlier.. my son is 7 weeks (he was born at 32 weeks, btw) and he is a different baby with these bottles.
they came out with a new bottle and nipple.
it has fun colors, very attractive, you can tell that the bottle is working from the air you hear coming out of the bottom suction and the awesome nipple that babies can actually get a grip on.
if your baby has reflux or is very gassy, this bottle is definitely worth a try!
i have found them on amazon with great prize.
my baby is having less air n he is not chocking at all because of perfect natural flow for newborn..
i am very happy with this item.
they have proven to be the best there is.
it practically stopped his spit-up, he's never had colic, and by using these bottles and giving him gas drops, he's got no gas, and is a happy baby!
i also like how these bottles easily connect to my breast pump---they say it's best to pump into the bottle you're going to feed your baby with, i don't know why.
it might take you awhile to figure out how to take apart and put together the bottle but it works great!
i highly recommend them.
my son has reflux and the doctor said to put some rice cereal in his bottle.
i bought 4 packages of these, boiled them all and now can't use them.
i am hoping the older she gets, we will be able to use them and get our money's worth!
nice colors.
will definitely recommend.
also, the fork tips are rounded, so our son has a little trouble spearing things with it.
this is the perfect way to store utensils for on the go.
keeps them clean and contained.
also is the perfect size to be refilled with the &#34;take and toss&#34; utensils readily found in stores!
they work well.
it's always nice to have extra nipples for your bottles.
they are easy to clean.
highly recommended for a budget conscious family!
i used these with the evenflo glass bottles.
they work great.evenflo classic 4 oz.
otherwise, they work very well.
easy to wash. good value.
they are great made material.
highly recommend.
:)
these work great with standard bottles.
good stuff.
these level 2s leaked in all of our bottles.
:o(
my baby has always used evenflo nipples.
the 6 month nipples flowed too fast even at 5 months, but now that he's 6 months, they work perfectly for him.
bought these for my niece and these are the nipples she decided to use.
it is a personal choice.
the price was great.
i tried evenflow, medela, gerber, and parents choice bottles.
this is a great price for nipples, and you  might think you should stockpile ( i did, i bought a dozen) but it's not worth it, you get what you pay for.
the nipple ring is tight and the nipple is stiff, the bottle design prevents nipple collapse and makes airflow work in the perfect combo so that he never got a gassy tummy again.
these nipples worked perfectly and wore well.
easy to use and easy to clean.
it helped that they came in different sizes for varied flow.
these are very good.
these work great for the evenflo bottles.
it might work for your baby, go ahead and buy it and they are very affordable.
they do not contour to the baby's lips and cheeks at all (which avoids red marks and rashes!)
all in all, highly recommended, especially for a breastfed baby!
the paci seems nice.
my son is breastfeeding and adapted to these nipples perfectly to sooth without any issues with nipple confusion.
very happy mom & baby!
even though it is the best pacifier and the most satisfying for children i will not buy it again for my future kids because its so hard to find them and different from other pacifiers so if your child likes this one they won't take any other.
not sure if it makes a difference, but the ones i received the rubber part is pulled through and clamped under the paci.
my lactation consultant recommended these originally because the angled tip ones can cause tongue thrusting and we were having issues.
these tend to help baby get his tongue under the bulb.
i ordered two sets hoping to get one neutral color for my son.
the quality is good.
still a good price here you may want to check your local wal mart though if you're concerned about colors.
he took them right away & after taking these for about 2 months he know takes other pacifiers but these are definitely his favorite.
these are perfect for younger babies.
these nipples are also standard size (see below), silicone texture, and traditional round shaped.
* standard vs. non-standard: it's important to get nipples that fit your bottles.
advent has some standard and some non-standard bottles.
dr. brown has non-standard bottles that only use dr. brown nipples.
* texture: soft latex, firmer silicone, and traditional rubber.
* shapes: traditional (round), orthodontic, and flat-topped.
they work perfect for a few different bottles i use & are in expensive!
fast flow works great  for my 30 months-old son.
great product allways with the quality of gerber, my wife and my baby loves it, and unbeatable price, highly recommended, buy together with the first essential bottles and a color nipples availables too
great value.
i bought them for replacement nipples for the gerber essential bottles and they fit perfectly,, no leaks nice flow.. would recommend them for new borns.. great quality and durability!!
i think one good test is if the free standard nipples that come with those ready to feed similac bottlessimilac advance newborn, ready to feed, 2-fluid ounces (pack of 48) (packaging may vary)or above mentioned enfamil nipples fit you bottles then these will fit your bottles as well.
good quality nipples.
price i paid is about right.
it probably works best with the gerber bottle.
these work very well with my daughter who has acid reflux.
i am going to order more
these are great replacement nipples for the gerber essential bottles.
this was a great deal, cheaper than in the local store and since i am a prime member free shipping.
bought these for my newborn and i love them!
... these are pretty good.
i love being able to have these accessories dispocision.
the tightness of the fit with the base of the screwtop nipple lock causes it to skew to one side, leaning the nipple...meaning that anytime you turn the bottle with the cap on and the liquid hits the nipple opening, you are prone to have a leak.
but maybe it's just me...i don't know.on the plus side, they are very easy to clean, very easy to stack, and float nicely in a sink full of water.these are just bottle caps...what do we expect?
do that and they'll always come out clean.
she enjoys it, especially that its summer and hot, i give her cool water.
she loves taking sips!
my kids also seem to grab them to use as small snack cups and to grab small drinks.
we use these bpa-free caps to cover our toddler's klean kanteen sippy.
if you are looking for a cover to keep the sippy clean, these are fantastic and fit the klean kanteen perfectly.
great solution that allows us to use the steel, safe sippys with the avent system.
i bought these to use for my klean kanteens that have the sippy adaptor and they fit perfectly.
but overall they work great for the price.
this pinch guard goes on easy (and comes off easy on the rare occasion that we want to close the door to our playroom).
i got this in hopes of using it to keep the kitchen drawer open so that my baby could play and not pinch her fingers...
it works!!
i open the drawer and put it on the back corner and when she pushes on it to stand it wedges into the corner and makes the drawer stay open.
love it!
love it!
we put it in top if the door and you don't even notice it's there.
talk about a great way to repurpose this thing.
it is sturdy and will stand up over time.
the door monkey won't work on those.
this foam piece s perfect.
this pinch guard is great.
it stays in place and super thick.
i actually use this to keep the door open to the room where we keep the cat's litter box.
it's just enough to let the crying noise through but not the lights from the rest of the house.they have withstood twin teething toddlers, and fit our doors great.
this works great to protect from pinches, but will do nothing if your child veers toward the space hinge side.
easy packaging literally open and they are ready to go.
awesome.
well, these are great!
we have one on our 15-lite dining room door that our 20 month toddler will sometimes close (or slam) and one on her bedroom door.
it also helps on her bedroom door from hitting the squeaky spot (when we go in to check on her at night so we don't wake her).very easy to take on the go to grandparents/hotel!
i must say i loved the drop-ins until the expandable drop-ins came out.
i love that if you squeeze the air out of these that there is no chance of the liner popping off the ring and milk going everywhere.
i love the more compact packaging and that the liners can be pulled easily out of the carton when needed.
i think i will keep both varieties on hand since they serve different functions.
these worked well and were easy to use but we are tall people.
it's easy.
they are very effective, and don't scratch the wood.
these work well on slated bi-fold doors.pros:can unlock the mechanism and then open the closet with 1 hand, important with baby in other handinexpensiveblend in nicely with the white painted doorkeeps toddler from rearranging the closetscons:the locks aren't as sturdy as a thicker plastic or a metal lock would be (these locks are plastic) and if my toddler really wanted to get into the closet, in another year or so he might be able to pull hard enough to break in.
we tried several different bi-fold locks before finally finding this one that works.
these locks are awesome.
we had to remove the inside bracket to get these to fit our bi-fold doors.
we have a coat/shoe closet in our entryway that we intended to use this on.
these things are great!
they work well to keep toddlers out of closets and such but they will go flying if you forget it's on there and just open the door with a bit of force.
i purchased these for all the closets in my home and found that with solid oak doors i had to remove the adjuster piece to get it to fit...not an issue but i don't think they work quite as well without that bit of reinforcement.
i also purchased some for the pediatric therapy place to keep littles out of the toy closets and am always told that the other moms love it and want to know where it was purchased!
overall i believe they work well as a training tool to help teach toddlers places that are off limits but eventually the kids will figure out how to yank the door open and send it flying.
now, supposedly this warmer can be used with dr. brown's bottles but the combination didn't work for us.
first of all, the bottle has to be positioned in the warmer a certain way so that it presses a safety latch to keep the warmer on.
we have been quite happy with the warmer until last week.
my husband right away pulled out the burning plug but it already melted and a metal piece of it stayed int the outlet causing an electric short.
it takes 20-30 minutes to warm a 6-8 oz bottle so you need to aniticipate feeding times.
also it helps to speed it up if you remove it a couple of times and shake the bottle to cycle the milk around.
the second one outlived my son's bottle use, and it worked great.
ours worked in about 10 minutes, but it depends on how warm your baby likes their bottle.
for $10 i was happy with it.
the smaller the bottle, the faster the formula will warm up.
one use will pay for itself!
the bottles (we use ventair) do not touch the "on" sensor, and it takes more than 30 minutes to warm our 8 oz bottles.
our son will not take them luke warm, he likes them very warm.how we made it work for us:clothes pin that we just clip on over the sensor to turn the warmer on.and one hour before our son's feeding time we start warming the bottle.very slow process, i wish i would have done more research upon buying this warmer.
tons of fun for a tiny tot
our son loves us stacking them down across the room, crawling over to them and knocking them down.
my son has enjoyed these stacking cups since age 6 months and still at 1 year they are one of his favorites!
these are great stacking cups!
especially for the price!
my son is 20 months old, and we got these cups well over a year ago.
i love to see all the way he can come up to play with such a simple toy!
)we also use them to teach him about colors ("can you bring mommy the green cup?"
our son plays with these all the time in our bath tub.
highly recommended!
for example the #1 cup has one small heart hole, #4 has 4 small squares and the #8 has 8 small circle holes.
there are two picutres on the amazon page of cups that are 2 different color schemes.
other than those two issues, this is a very simple and enjoyable toy.
she loves mouthing them and banging them together.
the cups easily fit into one another.
the cups can also be stacked into a tower, but not securely.
each cup is a different color and all the cups are easy for my daughter to hold.
oh well.
i still like free things!my daughter enjoys simple toys, such as these.
my husband found a great way to entertain our daughter.
the sizes and weight are great.
i think this is a perfect baby shower gift!
cute cups for the kids to play with.
make great bath toys.
colors are nice.
he also loves banging them together, banging them on other things, dumping them out of a bucket, pulling them apart (when nested inside each other), chewing on them, and playing with them in the bath.
i love that they compactly nest inside each other so they are easy to bring along in a diaper bag.
they are so simple, but really the ultimate baby toy.note: the colors are different than the ones pictured.
these cups are a favorite in my house.
dishwasher safe and colorful- so we always have a couple on hand to keep my son occupied, even during mealtime since they can be cleaned easily
i cannot tell you how many hours a day my baby sits on the floor and plays with these cups.
even taking 1 or 2 of these to the dr.s office or to play with while we eat dinner....just 2 is entertainment enough!
these are also good bathtime toys.
i love this and so do the children.
it washes up nicely on the top rack of my dishwasher.
this is played with everyday.
great value.
i bought these sturdy cups for my grand-daughter, age one year.
this age and beyond love to explore with objects that can be stacked, nested, and rolled.
my 8 mo old loves these.
they are durable, colorful and they stack well.
great toy!
the cups are durable, the colors are nicer than shown online, and they stack well.
this is one of my daughter's favorite toys.
what a simple toy!
at first i couldn't visualize how a baby (my first) could find a set of stacking cups interesting and enjoyable.
finally, he started to study them and spent a lot of time at this activity.at the present time, our boy is 15 months old.
it's a simple and inexpensive delight.gary peterson
love these.... different colors, the bottoms have a number on them and the holes match the number when possible (3 is a triangle, four is a square, etc...) also, the number of holes matches the number on the cup... this toys will grow with my lo and has a small enough footprint that it can travel with us easily!
my baby loved these the first time i put them out!
sometimes it takes a few times before she likes something, but these stackers were fun right away!
they are bright and colorful and fun!
my 9 month old son love these cups, the quality is very good and the colors are beautiful, he plays with these everyday.
my daughter loves these cups!
it's a year later, and he still loves them.
he is able to figure out a million ways to use these cups and they are always a go-to toy for him.
i highly recommend them.
this simple and inexpensive toy is still going strong after a lot of play logged in.
my 5 month old loves these stacking cups.
the awesome thing is that they travel easily.
they're amongst the best baby toys ever.
this is a fantastic toy, there are so many games to play with this.
these cups are very small and the lip area is small.
i returned these and will look for cups that stack better.i will admit, if you wanted something for your child to play with, toss around, these are okay and an okay price.
we bought these for our 5 month old son.
a classic.
great buy.
these are great.
your child can play with them in so many different ways.
an added bonus: they can be used to teach counting and colors!
this is a hit.
we know they will always offer consistent entertainment for out little one.
the colors were different than shown, but still bright & cheery.
:0) love them!
a great investment and a happy baby/momma!
my 20 month granddaughter loves her set just as much and has gotten a lot of use out of them.
best toy ever!!!
my two year old has a ton of toys but will still dig to the bottom of the toy box daily just for this set.
and he loves seeing if his other toys will fit in them.
;) they've been the #1 toy in our playroom for well over a year now.
my kid spends lots of time playing with these and she takes them even in the tub sometimes.
i have already given the same ones as presents as i think that every parent should have these :)
these cups are wonderful for a little one, they stack easily and nicely and fun to topple over.
great price especially compared to other brands!
my 1 year old son plays with the cups everyday.
he drinks from them imaginary drinks and cheers with our glasses.it is great toy to help baby learn how to stack objects, place them inside, learn colors and numbers.it is well made, there's no sharp corners and my only wish is that it could be 10 cups for full counting 1 to 10.
a must have for any child's toy box.this would make a great baby shower gift.
so simple but my baby (6 mo) loves these!
my guess is that it's not safe to use plastics with code #7 to warm up maybe?
not sure.
these are a great way to keep your child out of the measuring cups and have something fun to play with for a long time.
it's just a bunch of plastic cups and yet my baby loves these.
i looked at a lot of different stacking toys but there aren't any really great ones out there so this one does the job.
great first &#34;real&#34; toy for a baby.
my son played with those cups for hours when he was 8-10 months.
recently, he does not stack cups but he throws them from top of the stairs and he has so much fun.
great toy!
she can easily stack up and nest them with ease and they can be played with both in and out of water.
i love them because they are super sturdy, can be washed when needed, take up little space, and are bright.
the first years stack n count cups are really one of the best stacking cups out there and i highly recommend them if you are looking for a simple toy that will provide multiple options of play and will last for many years to come!
fun to bang, fun to eat, fun to carry!
easy wash and put away.
a great, simple toy to practise stacking, counting, size (big and small), and colours.
my daughter loves these, especially in the bath.
she also splashes the water with them and bangs them together.
totally worth the $.
my preemie is 12 mos corrected age and loves these!
the bright colors and relatively small size of the cups make these ideal for small hands.
definitely recommend these.
i just love these cups.
the quality of plastic is good.
they are great in her water table as well and i'm sure will be just as fun in sand.
the 2 smallest cups are pretty small and will most likely get lost under furniture, but such is life with a toddler.
they are great in the pool (they float) and indoors.
my son has been playing with these since 8 months old and its his favorite toy.
he will cry if his stacking cups are not around!colorful, easy to stack from big to small or small to big order, he loves to knock them over.durable, i've washed these in a bleach solution several times and they hold up great.
also can be cleaned in the dishwasher!
this is great for many ages.
equally fun from 6 months to 5 years old.
my 12 month old loves these.
i think this is a simple toy that encourages her to use her imagination during play time.
my mother has some and says my niece loved playing with them at 5 years old.
but the cups are well made and the colors are vibrant.
cute simple toy.
i bought this when my daughter was 6 months old and its one of our favorite toys!
she enjoys banging it around, looking at the bright colors and finds different ways to play with it.
very good buy!
one for the tub and one for the toy box/travel.
great, simple, inexpensive learning toy.
:)
great smaller size stacking cups
we purchased these for our 16-month old toddlers.
anyway, here's my likes and dislikes:likes-* easy to stack cups inside one another* need to stack cups in exact descending order in order to create a tower (if you don't stack the number 7 cup, the number 6 cup will not sit correctly on the 8)* it's top rack dishwasher safe!
she definitely enjoys chewing on them, though, and they're actually great for training her to army crawl because they often roll away from her grasp, but not as far or as fast as a ball does.
they are portable (easily fit into a bag), quiet, don't break when thrown on the floor, and still hold his interest after months of owning them.amazing how something so simple can be so entertaining.
my daughter has a great time playing with these cups.
they are sturdy and colorful.
he is learning how things stack and loves to put them together and take them apart.
they are one of his favorite toys.
happy i bought them.
these are inexpensive, there are a bunch of them in case i misplace some there are more and our grand baby has loved them since four months of age and she at 10 months still loves them.
very quickly they were fun to bang together and still are.
they are bpa free and the colors (although not as pictured) are nice and bright.
these are fabulous, i have 4 kids and i have purchased a few sets now.
my original set from the 90's still looks like new.
my daughter has an easier time pulling these out than my husband and the tab sticks out in a way that makes pulling it out tempting for her.
the make it so the outlet is accessible to me, but not my son.
these bottles saved the day.
plus, once your baby gets ready for cereal, the dr. brown's y-cut nipples are wonderful.
some work by letting air in from various places (avent-around the threads of the collar, playtex-through tiny perforations in the base), others work by not letting air in at all, but collapsing the container instead (playtex liners...etc).
this is accomplished by maintaining an open, unobstructed airway to the formula.
i guess that the end of the day you don't buy these purely for convenience - you buy them because they're the best for your baby's feeding.
our child was very colicy during her first 3 months.
we tried avent, playtex, and others.
my 2-month-old son spits up even more after feeding (sometimes twice) with the dr. brown bottles.
love these bottles!
i'm primarily breast feeding but, when i have to use bottles, these work great.
highly recommend!
these 8 oz bottles are fantastic.
yes, you will still need to burp your baby, but they will burp easily and fast without any stomach aches.
my son loves the nipple, as a previously breastfed baby it was easy for him to transfer to this bottle.
defintely helped our spitup.
a little time consuming to clean, but worth it if it helps.
dr. browns and the playtex nursers are the best bottles on the market.
yes, the extra parts are a pain to clean but it's definitely worth it.
i love these bottles!
the extra time cleaning and putting together these bottles is definitely worth having a happy baby that doesn't spit up!
i bought these bottle and evenflo bottles when my son was born.
best buy ever.
i read the reviews of these bottles and purchsed one to try it out and it worked like a charm.
it takes some getting used to washing the small parts, but it's worth the extra effort.
the small brush which comes with the starter kit is essential to clean the small parts.
you will likely need to graduate your baby to level-2 niplles at 3-months of age and level-3 nipples at 6-months of age.
use the travel-discs when transporting milk and there will be no leaks.
the caps snap on loudly which is the only con i can think of.i highly recommend these bottles.
i've suggested these bottles to two of my friends whose babies have refulx and they have seen an improvement.
if you're paying shipping, might as well get some extra small brushes, you'll need them.
these bottles worked great for us.we started out with the avent bottlesand our baby developed colic for about two weeks-switching to dr. brown's bottles really helped.the colic stopped within the week and we have notlooked back.
based on reviews from mommies i know and this website, i went with dr. brown's bottles right from the start.
i am very happy that i did!
the bottles are designed to help your baby eat calmly and slowly.
the dr. brown's bottle slows her down and she eats safely and comfortably.
she is very healthy and content, and this is the most important factor in choosing a bottle.
they will be our choice from start to finish!
we tried avent first and my son never could drink from that big nipple very well.
i pump and my husband feeds him a bottle for his late night feeding and they do great!
when my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including evenflo, triflow, avent, etc.
dr brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
i can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
otherwise the bottles, nipples and all the parts are really durable - especially the nipples.
when we first bought the bottles, we bought all these replacement nipples in level 1 and had to return them because we never needed them.
to bypass getting 4 oz bottles and go right for the 8 oz bottles.
we started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
both bottles do a fine job of keeping bubbles out of your baby.
we tried and used both bottles with our boy.
the real deal between the two is the nipple.
the nipple on avent bottles are larger at the base and firmer than the brown bottles.
when we first introduced the bottle to our breast fed boy he did not take to the avent bottles.
cleaning dr. brown's bottles sucks!
buy one of each first and see which one you baby is comfortable with.
only 4 stars because of the cleaning issues.
my son has gerd and has done very well with these bottles and enfamil a.r..
my 4-month old can't use avent at all, does better with playtex ventaire, but is most comfortable with these.
my daughter used playtex ventaire and did wonderfully with them (we didn't know about dr. browns bottles then), but my son really has to have the dr. browns.
but, these are excellent bottles.
trust me dr. brown's are fabulous !!
this bottle has 5 parts to clean and others usually have about 3.
so if you clean 8 bottles per day and the dr. brown's bottles have 2 extra parts, that is like cleaning 16 extra parts per day.
everyone says, yes they are great bottles but there are so many parts to clean.
also, get the 8 oz bottles right away.
i must say these are truly worth buying!
we tried them and the baby did great.
my son had quite a bit of colic and gas when he was first born.
however, my mom spoke to a friend who had had similiar problems with her baby and she recommended the dr. brown's.
the ones she likes and works best are the playtex nursers.
these bottles are great if you have a colicky baby.
if you put them in the dishwasher, it's not that big of a deal.
great bottles.
however, they leaked and formula would actually squirt from the sides of my boys mouth.i tried the dr. browns, and my boys took right to them.
we tried everything to help him.
i am so happy with these.
and we havent had any leaks, btw... these things are great.
oh, and they also make a widemouth version that you can get at babies r us... just in case you prefer them.
i wish i had gotten these earlier.. my son is 7 weeks (he was born at 32 weeks, btw) and he is a different baby with these bottles.oh!!
these are the best bottles ever and the only ones we'll use.
cleaning them can be a pain because of all the parts, but they are well worth it.
we have them in 4 ounce size and the fat 8 ounce size and they are all perfect.
we discovered that evenflo and avent bottles work just as well and are cheaper.
this dex one is also cheaper at walmart online.
this is the 2nd baby food processor of two different brands where i've had trouble with the motors.
true, it doesn't hold a ton, but i does what i bought it for - i make a few days worth at a time.-  holds about 8 oz of food comfortably at a time (so it mixes well, etc)-  i think this is a good size to make fresh food and to try new foods (without making a bunch if it's not a hit!
o produto &eacute; pr&aacute;tico e do tamanho ideal para preparar as refeies do beb.
facilita bastante nas viagens onde vc mesmo pode preparar as refeies de seu filho.
i think that this food processor is a bit small for when you want to do big batch of food but i love it because :1.
it's easy to clean (diswasher !!!)3.
usefull even with toddlers who are not always comfortable with meat.
its roomy, light weight and easy to assemble.
also i love that the top doesn't just slam shut, that way when my daughter puts her toys away she won't smash her fingers.
nice construction/hinge.
a couple of scratches, but not worth sending back for.
it is simply gorgeous and went so well with our living room decor you wouldn't realize it has toys in it.
i filled out the necessary information, found the piece that i needed to order and within two days it arrived at my door free of charge.
excellent!
the only bummer is that the original hinge that came with the toy box was bronze and the spare that they sent me in the mail was silver.
not a big deal since the hinges are located inside the box, but still.
the beauty speaks for itself.
it is a deep dark espresso and has a measurement of 31 " l by 17-" d by19-" h .has a very nice shine on it.
we are very happy with our toy box!!!!
my daughters love their toy box of course their the one who picked it out!
this toy box ended up being a perfect match for our living room.
the lid has a special hinge that doesn't allow the lid to slam, so my son (now 17mo old) can open and close it and i never have to worry about him smashing his finger.
the lid is also strong, my husband has sat on it a few times and it shows no signs of wear.
this was very easy to put together and is good quality for the price.
no big deal and not noticeable.
fit all of our two year olds toys.
our son closes the lid and climbs on top of it all the time.
within a short amount of time you will realize it is very cheaply made,the nice dark paint will chip off & the hinge (which they claim will make it safer) will break.
replacement of the pieces was easy - you order it online.
i just love to use those for my pumped breast milk.
the playtex nurser is the only system my son will use.
the drop-ins are easy to use, and keep a shape so you can accurately measure liquids, and easily handle them.
we love these liners and bottles.
works just fine for us!
other than that...i love these.
i used these with my first son.
i exclusively pump, and i love using playtex nursers for my daughter.
they are effective in keeping out the tiny air bubbles many bottles create.
i will keep ordering!
these liners are great.
easy to use and fit into all of our four oz playtex drop in bottles.
great for doing faux formula for 'reborn' realistic baby dolls (hugely popular dolls that are extremely real, and some artists get thousands of dollars if they can recreate the minute realistic details of babies' skin; i've heard of some selling for $17,000.00).
collectors want realism&#8230;.nothing more real than the stuff used for actual babies :)
makes preparing milk bottles and feeding the baby so easy, my husband never complains when it's time for him to get a bottle ready and it's easy to store
i love it.
it is convenient, clean and a time saver.
especially for a working mom, i highly recommend this.
i love the whole playtex nurser system.
i love the playtex dropins system.
always just need to make sure that i have enough liners.the pricing is good (it's worth 4 cents to me to not have to wash a bottle!).
even the pricing is fair.
i recommend these bottles to everyone and gave my sister dr. brown's (who prefers the dr. browns).
convenient and useful and everyone knows it.
daddy loves them.
they don't take up much space as well, especially if you stack them in the nurser.
i love this system, i feel that it's really worth it.
very cute!
these go with the jungle babies theme.
so cute and great quality
matches the nursery with the bedding so perfect.
the hangings are great for the nursery with interesting characters, great colors, and a mixture of fabrics for depth and texture.
i love these wall hangings.
they are durable and look great with my jungle decor.
also, my son (10 weeks old) loves to stare at them.
this tub was perfect.
so much safer than the matts, and if the baby falls shes hits the soft sides.
keeps all of her toys around her as well so she is constantly occupied.
i love this bath!!!
i love this tub and so does my daughter.
her toys all stay within her reach and in front of her.
i love that it is filled with beads instead of an air filled tub.
it was definitely worth the price!
this works well for its intended use.
as a smaller tub to fit in your larger tub, it's quite nice.
i tried hanging it in the shower, hanging it in the garage, hanging it outside in the sun, laying it outside in the sun.
but if you can find a way to clean it, it's a really easy bath to use.
tub doesn't float with the baby in it and my son loved it!
not once did it slide and he loved hitting the tub and hearing the sound of the beads inside.
it helps sit him up and even if he slides the bumper sides are awesome.
you can have baby on their tummy to wash their back comfortably.
great for my daughter who has used this since she was about 6 months old.
this tub is great!
bright colors kept my son engaged during his bath.
fits perfectly inside our standard size tub.
my son is about 15lbs and just over 25 inches.
this is a great tub when they grow out of the infant tub but can't quite sit well enough for the large tub reliably.
i wouldnt want it on my bare skin.
the tub arrived in a timely manner, was priced perfectly, and was ready to go straight out of the box.
we just hang it from the shower head to drip dry and if needed i transfer it to one of the chairs in our kitchen which is under a ceiling fan to ensure it is completely dry to prevent any mold or mildew growth between baths.
plus, if you just want to leave your newborn/infant in his/her diaper for a sponge bath it is perfect.
definitely a must have for any first time parent who is intimidated by bath time with their newborn and/or infant.
i received the first year's infant to toddler tub as a shower gift.
it is very versatile and you can use it as a tub or flip it over to use as a sling.
he can lay on his tummy while it's in the sling position making it very easy to actually wash him without having to hold him up with both arms.
others have also complained about having to fill the whole tub in order to use this which it true.
overall it is definitely better than those hard plastic tubes and worth a shot.
this is true.
not recommended,  to messy and just not worth the headache.
not worth the trouble or finding a place to store it.
this is a very comfortable way to wash a newborn.
having the water fill up the cushion keeps her nice and warm.
at 4 weeks we switched to the primo eurobath tub (which is terrific).
we found this wasn't the best thing to use in the bath regularly.
it takes over a day to dry, which means if you use it daily you can expect mold/mildew.we did find it useful around the house outside the tub.
i have used this bath pad with both of my sons, one 2 and the baby is 6 months.
first, i have read and tried a lot of the other items out there- the foam mats, slings, tubs....
i bought the euro tub and it may in the future be a good thing but not right now...the safer bather works like a contoured pillow/sponge.
it was the most perfect thing to use when our daughter's belly button had not yet healed.our daughter loved being placed on it when the warm water would press thru with her weight on the cushion.
it also dries very very quickly and can hand up in your shower.i have even used it in our sink and it supports her perfectly!with all the others out there to choose from, this one is the best way to spend your $!
this is a great washing tool for baby.
other than that it was a big help.
i read a lot of reviews about this thing and took to heart the complaints of mildew, etc.
now, i absolutely love it!
it's the perfect pad for 1 parent to bath their infants!
with this pad, it so easy for me or my husband to bath our son with out any assistance from the other.
my son, absolutely loves his bath pad.
while he has a tendency to pooh on it... it does wash up nicely.
but it's not a big deal!
highly recommend!
its cozy and easy to use.
this is my favorite baby item as a first time mom.
he is safe, warm and cozy in this fabric cushion that literally dries faster than anything i've ever witnessed.
you and your baby will love it.
i like how soft it is and my son seems to be comfortable in it.
from day one home from the hospital, our boy has enjoyed his time in the bath, and it's because he is so comfy on this pillow.
there is n o way for baby to stay submerged in some water to stay warm.
i much prefer the first years safety tub.
it just works!
very useful, very good quality, i totally love it!
i did not give it 5 stars because after three months of using it, it changes its form.
my newborn screamed through his baths until we ordered this and began to use it.
what a relief...
this is the best bathing help i have found.
keeps him warm and cozy the entire time.
my daughter had her first sponge bath with this and it has worked great ever since.
we put it in her eurobath tub and she doesn't slide at all.
bathtime is so much fun for everyone.
i highly recommend it to any parent.
i ordered this for some friends off their registry list and they loved it.
highly recommend to all.
this tub fits her perfectly, supporting her upright and will work for months to come.
he's used it from day one & it's great!
he stays cozy and warm--it reclines him comfortably, too.
at about 3 weeks old we switched to this bath pad and he's been happy in the bath ever since.
he is comfortable and warm and now that he's 8 months old he can sit on it and not slide around in the tub or lay back while i wash him.
the things i love are:1.it keeps the water warm and the baby stays cozy.2.
it is thick and comfy for baby.my baby loves taking baths and i'm sure this mat helps immensely.
this little bathtub is great.
it has a nice texture to keep slippery baby in place while you're bathing her, and it's very soft.
one thing that added a little extra is it comes with its own (detachable) clothes hanger, making it easy to hang dry.this also makes a great back rest for momma's bath time!
the leachco bath pad fit the bill!
i also ordered the summer infant comfy bath sponge to try out both options, but i really like the leachco better.
there is also a square indentation on it the makes it easy to clean the undercarriage!
the leachco is bigger than the summer infant comfy bath sponge and seems to be made of higher quality materials.
this has turned bath time into a fun and comfortable experience!
this is fits perfect inside my infant bathtub.
love it.
we bought it for our first son 2+ years ago and just bought a new one for our new baby.
the bather absorbs a lot of water, so if you dunk both sides into the warm water before putting the baby on it, his or her head and back is touching the warm water, which makes it nice.
my baby loves to be able to splash and play and i love that he is comfortable.
i always make sure i lean it up against the edge of the tub to drain the water from the mat.
still using it with my first child, who's now 3 months.
i start filling the tub while he's laying in it, and it's nice that the water starts to surround his little butt and lower back to keep him warm, but still keep him safely in place.
now that my son's gotten bigger, his heels can hit the bottom of the tub, though he appears to enjoy this.
i'll definitely have to upgrade at some point, but it works great for now.
especially for a first baby and you're nervous about bathing anyway.
this thing keeps the baby warm, snug and safe in the baby tub or sink.
it just is a great thing and the baby loves it!
great, great item!
one of the best parts is that it's washable!
i registered for it because of all the great online reviews.
it is great!!
she fits in it perfectly and you do not have to worry about baby slipping or moving  around.
i had loved the inflatible bathtub i had for her 30 years ago, and the leachco safer bather looked like a significantly improved bath aid.
after using this several times, i can say it has both it pluses and minuses.the bath pad is quite soft and makes an excellent cradle to help hold your infant while bathing.
if you are a first-time parent, then this bath pad will definitely provide you an extra measure of security and allow you to feel more comfortable when bathing your infant.
the pad will sit nicely on a counter; we found it did slide a bit and put some of the waffle-hole padding that one uses to keep rugs from slipping underneath it.
the cover stains if your baby has an "accident" - even laundry stainremover and washing the pad immediately did not prevent this from happening.
because it has low sides and the well for the child is not particularly deep, it may not be of much value once your child can sit up.
i put this in my kitchen sink (a large one) and put nice warm water just filled up enough to be comfortable.
my infant loves lounging for his bath!
it is plush, it helps retain the warmth of the water around him, and is much easier to use and store than a giant baby tub!
our son loves taking a bath and it's worry-free for us, thanks to the safer bather.
this leight-weight bath pillow is perfect for baths in the kitchen sink or inside another tub.
although our son still fits in the kitchen sink with it, we bought it along with the primo baby tub and it's an ideal match together.the soft pillow protects our son's head and little body from the sink/tub.
(still works beautifully, though.
)this is a fantastic product to bring while traveling - it's allowed us to give him his bath while on vacation or at grandma's house.i highly recommend this product!
for the first month or two while we bathed her in a baby bathtub it worked great.
but once we moved her into a big bathtub we realized we needed something more.this bath pillow elevates the head of the baby while giving her a lot of support throughout the body.
it is very soft and seems very comfortable for her, and she stays warm.
highly recommend!
our baby hates it so we have to use a towel between her and the pad : not very handy...
this is great.
my baby outgrew the baby bathtub sling a while ago and this is great.
it's so comfy for him and easy to manage.
very easy.
love it.
i purchased a boon naked collapsible baby tub to replace it and highly recommend everyone purchase that instead!
worth the extra cost!
also easy to wash his hair with him laying in this.
well worth the price!
our babies love this pillow so much, they don't want to get out of the tub.
it makes for a safe, comfortable bathing experience and it dries very quickly when it hangs.
i purchased the safer bather and sat in the bath tub with her... she loved it!
but, we still have the safer bather for our baths together!
we have always cleaned and hung to dry, but we live in a warm climate and clearly the mildew grows inside of the mat unless you have professional drying equipment.
our baby is now six months and has an ongoing and painful looking rash on his back where it has been touching the bath pad.bottom line: if you plan to buy 10 pads (for $250??)
this has worked out great for our infant son so far.
none of these affect its usability, however, and it keeps him warm and out of the water and seems much more comfortable than plastic.
this cushioned seat perfectly positions your baby for sponge baths.
it is contoured to keep your baby in place and provide cushion and support for her head.
if you are looking for a great bathtub for your infant check out the eurobath, which i couldn't recommend more highly!
works really well in the tub... holds the baby secure, absorbs water so it stays warm and dries pretty quickly.
and the prices is nice!
awesome for first time parents.
my daughter is 10 months old and still uses it.
the best part.. you can toss it in the washer when it gets dirty.a must have for new mothers and fathers!
the best tub - no slipping, she stays warm, and you don't have to hold her the entire bath time.
we love it!
it has a hook to hang it to dry which is also handy.
love this products.
this is perfect because you can use it as a baby or just as a bath toy later.
dries nice and easy to fit anywhere.
we love this bath pad.
it's a great size for bathing our daughter in the sink comfortably.
it's soft & absorbs the warm water, which is much more comfortable for him.
it's been great so far!
i use it in large sink and now tub.
we ended up using a sling style bather and that works much better.
it was a great idea, and he loved it, but man did it stink!
outside, inside, febreezed... any of it.
we also lived in a super small house in philadelphia with no good spot to store it.
it's convenient and folds and best of all doesn't stink like mildew!
still looking for that perfect baby bather.
we ordered this before our son was born (he is now two months old) and i am overjoyed with this bathtub solution.
we have used it both in the sink and the bathtub.
lastly, i love that it is made in america.
i don;t have to worry about him slipping and sliding all over the place and i can easliy move his body parts to clean.i love it!
it still is great though!
this simplified bathing our baby by 100 times.
when we received this, bathing became enjoyable instead of a nervous event.
we place the bather in the infant tub on our bed for easier bathing.
it's soft with plenty of cushioning so she's relaxed and comfortable.
the material holds in water and stays warm.
i'm glad i bought it though.
it worked fairly well putting it inside a bigger baby tub.
i gave this 3 stars because out of all of the options we've tried, this still worked best for a tiny baby.
i've lowered the stars and edited my review.
we found a better one in the summer infant baby bather, i think we have the "large comfort" one - it's a mesh seat/lounger that sits up so we don't break our backs bending into the tub, and the baby is secure.
my baby didn't like baths so this was a huge help.
it fits our sink perfectly and while the color has started to fade but it still serves its purpose.
this is the perfect bath for an infant.
i love fact that it's soft instead of hard plastic which allows is to soak up warm water fast and is comfy for baby.it dries out very quickly and doesn't mildew.
with the insert removed, the cushion made a perfect fit, i just found that i preferred the bathtub insert more.
after reading all the great reviews i decided this would be perfect for my son who has just grown out of his newborn tub and does not like the baby bath seat i got him.
this is the best.
i use it with a large infant tub and my baby is supported wonderfully.
it gives him a cushy padding that makes his bath more pleasurable.
he's still getting use to taking a bath and he cried much louder in a normal tub.
you can use it in a tub or sink, but the other infant tub works best for me.
i'm sooo glad that i returned that huge plastic tub.
this pad was perfect.
it fit in our kitchen sink perfectly and when our little one grew out of the sink we used the pad in the bath tub.
it's really not a big deal though because it is still fully functional.
easy to use, much more comfortable for baby than a regular 'baby bath' it takes up less room and absorbs the warm water keeping baby warm .
wouldve been perfect from newborn up.
so once you are done bathing baby, this will not lift out of the tub and if you want to take a bath with your baby this wont allow for fluid movement in the tub.
also this does not in any way elevate the babys head.
also, when added to tub of water, the water soaks into the material but doesnt stay warm.
this really worked great for my baby from day one.
it is a really nice, comfortable pad and i think my baby enjoyed using it.
i bought this for my son and daughter-in-law's baby shower.
it is of good quality, and is a good price compared to items of similar nature that are non themed.
although, their price are not as competitive with similar items.
this bath pad is colorful, and can be used for a baby of either sex.my son and his wife are happy.
it goes well with their chosen theme.
it is sturdy, colorful, and beautiful, just like the baby we are all waiting to see.
it is far the best and most comfortable pillow for bathing!
our son is so relaxed and loves his bath time!
it has help up well for 7 years.
i like that because it is spongy, it holds warm water longer.
fp has one in their ocean wonders line.
this bath pad is perfect for bathing a newborn.
it dries easily and is convenient to store (there's a hook for you to hang the bath pad).
so i tossed it with 100% satisfaction that i got great use out of it.
this was our answer!
i just fill the tub of with warm water and let it lay in it, in order for it to absorb the water, while i undress her.
i lay her in it and wala, she doesn't move!!!
she can still splash her feet which is great!
how easy is that?!
we had one of these for our first baby.
for us, it's perfect.
our bathroom counter has two sinks, so their isn't enough counter space for a standard plastic baby tub.
this works great.
it keeps baby secure, fills with warm water, is inexpensive and doesn't take up a lot of space.
it is durable fabric and is nice and soft for your baby.
enough of your tub water fills up the little well baby's little body makes so he/she stays nice and warm.
washing hair on this is great!
you will finally enjoy giving your baby a bath!when baby can sit up, turn this around and it is like well, my 7 year old calls it a "tubby, boaty, floaty thing."
it offers a fantastic barrier or cushion all around your baby.
i bought this for our infant son after reading the glowing reviews on this site.
people are right!
we've used this for about four months now and it makes bathing our baby so simple.
the safer bather also dries very easily.
it's also nice because i can spray it with warm water before i put him on it and it will retain the warmth so it's not a cold shocker on him.
has a nice plastic hanger on the top that is great for hanging it on the shower curtain rod to dry.
comfy for my little one, easy to use, and dries fast.
my grandson loves his bather.
love this
i like this a lot and so does my son.
does not smell and has not molded.
perfect for long legged babys.
the safer bather is the best baby bath aid out there!
***update***almost 3 years, two kids and many baths later this safer bather is still getting used and works just like it did when it was new!
i was in that boat at 9 weeks it still took me and my husband to bath our son.
it isn't the cutest thing but it works wonders.
i use this with the infant to toddler bath by evenflo and the combo works great.
the baby is comfortable and doesn't slip around.
holds up nicely, baby is so comfortable.
a must have; i highly recommend.
definitely the way to go when you are ready to transition to the big tub.
works very well for a newborn.
our baby is 7 weeks old and this is great so he doesn't slip onto the water and get water in his ears.
make sure you dry outside as oer the package insert.
this pillow keeps my son safe and comfortable, it dries up really well and he can also lie in it on the bathroom floor while i fill the tub.
well worth the money!
i like this infant bath pad because it holds my son well, has ample cushion, is soft, and easy to use.
i highly recommend it.
i love this bath pillow.
it perfectly cradles the baby during bath time...even the tiniest of babies.
we used it with my oldest son well past his first birthday.
very soft with a convenient hang-up hook so it can dry.
i bought this because it looked like a more comfortable version of the tub sponge that my mom recommended.
he prefers to be in the warm water rather than on top of it.
it was perfect for those 1st sponge baths and when her cord fell off, we started using this in the "big" tub right away.
it's now 5 months later and we are still using the bather.
finally i can bathe my son alone without waiting for my husband to come home to help me.
once you do, it works great.
my son is 3 months and we are still using it.
on a whim, i picked up the infant bath pad and slipped it into the eurobath behind her back -- perfect.
she sat much more upright (but still softly cradled), and on the occasions we put her in the grown-up tub, she has an ideal, elevated cushion.
it worked great for just laying in our regular bathtub and you can just hang it on the shower head to dry.
i couldn't keep my son warm and he slid all around when inside the infant tub.
it does not move at all in the tub and my son stay in place on the bather.
and it keeps him warm and happy.
it helps with sponge bathing newborns and it keeps the baby warm when water is poored over it.
i love this bath mat.
it is so easy to use and store.
it is soft and my baby loves laying on it.
done and out of the way.
so far, it has been great!
this bath sponge tub is great.
she does not slip slide around, i can wash her entire body much easier, and when the tub is filled properly she is nice and warm.
the top part that is bulkier is flatting out, and because my daughter kicks so much in the tub it still slides some.
i'm glad other moms have had such great luck with the safer bather.
hope this helps.
we got this instead and love it!
i use it in our tub (we don't have a large enough kitchen sink) and have done so since our son was born.
we still use it now and he is almost 6 months.
in addition, since the pad is like a giant sponge, it keeps baby warm while you are bathing him.
highly recommend!
that said, none of the purported benefits of this plate and spoons provided any advantage to my son.
to guarantee the safety of our plastic products, all babybj&ouml;rn kitchen and bathroom products are tested by specialized technology resources (str), an independent global provider of quality assurance testing.
all plastics used in the production of our kitchen products fulfill the demands of the european (eec),and the american (fda) standard for plastics, and are classified as food-safe.
through testing, all of our kitchen products have been designated pvc-free, phthalates-free and lead-free.
bpa is an industrial chemical that is used to manufacture polycarbonate plastic.polycarbonate plastic is the plastic that has caused considerable recent controversy because of its use in baby bottlemanufacturing and because it has been proven to leach bpa.
"i decided to keep it and see how it goes, even though i prefer using glass or stainless steel items.
plus the plate is too large and fits awkwardly on our highchair (we have a boon high chair that we love love!)
plus the shape of spoon handle and texture of the materials makes the spoon easier to grasp.
i'd give this a 5 if it fit on the tray on our highchair.
i recommend you measure your tray and see the dimensions on this plate-- it's a bigger plate than most baby plates.in every other way, this is a great set.
the spoons are great for a toddler.
spoons are great for 9m+ especially for soupy foods.
to be honest, you'll be fine with the munchkin metal and plastic set for $4.
my lo loves to eat with these spoons!
and believe i've tried with others and he doesn't like it.
is true they are a little big bigger but if my lo loves them i love them!
designed/weighted well.
the spoons were good for infant and still good at 16 months for toddler, with deep bowls and easy for her to hold and use herself.
the sides of the bowl are deep, which helps for scooping food onto the spoon when she is self-feeding.
they've held up well in the dishwasher and have survived being thrown on the tile floor.
this plate and spoons set has been great for us.
our daughter loves having her own plate, and we take it everywhere - restaurants, vacations, friends' homes.
it is non-slip and very stable, but not unmoveable by a determined child.
the rounded edges are nice for little hands, and the 3-leaf clover shape helps make scooping food easier.
the spoons are so cute, and very easy to use.
we are overall very happy with it.
i think that their line is "ok" but not the greatest overall.
great colors.
the spoon fits well in my 15 months hand and mouth and she likes it.
please do not put any plastic in a microwave especially food for your baby.
this plate isn't perfect but it's the best i've found.
it's more weighted than the typical toddler plate and has nice round edge for scooping food out with fingers or the spoons.
it does not claim to have suction or that you're baby wont' be able to pick it up so you need to have realistic expectations about that.
just an fyi don't cut anything in it with a sharp knife as it does make scratch marks.
i loved this design even before i became a mother.
haven't used the bowl yet, but i can tell it will work great.
very smart design.
i can get a good amount of food on it and it easily goes into her mouth because the edges are thin.
also, the color 'frame' has a rubber edge on the bottom, preventing it from slipping or being pushed around the table.
so happy, we ordered another one.
the edges are design in a way that the food doesn't dance around while my toddler is trying to scoop it.
it makes teaching using utensils a lot easier.
i also love the look of the plate and spoons.
they have funky and fun colors!
these are by far my favorite dishes for my twins to eat out of and we have a lot of different bowls.my girls are able to grab more food out of these than any of their other dishes, this is due to the sloped & smooth insides.this does not slide all over their high chair tray, it stays right where i put it.it does not tip as many of their other bowls do.these are easy to clean & i hand wash them.
then yes, they will be able to pick it up.
that is just common sense.
my son, 18 months old, is still able to pick it up off the table and dump it out.
i love to use it as a shallow bowl for cereal, where my son can scoop things from it easily, but for dinner it doesn't have compartments and thus all the food runs together in one pile.
baby can easily hold and feed herself with these spoons -- they are great.
he can still flip it over but it works better than the oxo and boon plate.
these are my baby's all-time favorite spoons.
totally worth it the price.
the spoons are very ergonomic for a toddler, but the bowls of the spoons are a bit large for their small mouths.
my baby loves to watch this mobile turn and the hesitation helps him to focus and study the images.
it is nice to have a choice of 2 different songs sets or white noise.
also it's nice to be able to change the toys on the mobile as your child gets older.
it's a very simple design that aesthetically blends right in with her white crib.
it's got lots of variety for the baby with the characters that spin around and the two types of music and white noise.
this mobile is wonderful!
our daughter loves the bright colored animals, and i love how it is so multi-functional.
she also has several other toys made by sassy, and we have been happy with all of their products.
my son loved this mobile!
it is recommended that mobiles be removed from cribs when baby is 5 months old, but the toys from it are removable and now make great playthings for him.
our daughter is, was, and still is enthralled with this mobile from the time she started sleeping in her crib.
she loves the toys that rotate on this, and as she has gotten older upon waking she is even smiling and &quot;talking&quot; to them without them moving she likes the mobile so much!
we rarely if ever use the remote, but it does work.
the way the music/waves fade is great at bedtime.
i was a little cautious when registering for this because i thought it to be a little pricey, but with the selection of 3 sets of toys to hang for different ages it is well worth it.
i would highly recommend this mobile!
this is a really wonderful mobile.
the music is real nice, and the white noise seems to lull her to sleep.
the swivel arm is great, moving it out of the way.there are a few drawbacks though.
but, i still highly recommend this mobile, just be careful not to bump into it or the crib while the baby is sleeping.
we love this!
the toys are wonderful.
our six month old now has the animals on the mobile and uses the others as toy rattles.
works great.
we are really happy with this.
this is a great mobile.
as far as the reviewer who said it doesn't fit the crib, that is valid.
and we called sassy to see if they could help us with it and they never returned our phone call!
but babiesrus was great about taking it back and they never questioned us for returning it 3 times!
purchased 2 of these for small grand children - not impressed.
this seat is very unstable and just isn't safe or efficient.
i'm not sure if it will hold up, but it fits our needs right now.
our son is 3 years old and it doesn't seem appropriate to have him in a high chair or a booster that clips on the table.
this works great for the size & i like that it's portable.
we had our first years booster seat for 10 years before the straps that hold the seat to the chair snapped from being pulled (by my husband).
this booster seat folds up compactly for travel and is easy to bring along.
you can pull the straps through the handle to make a shoulder strap.
the fabric on the side provides no support.
this meets that criteria and was the right price for infrequent use.
i followed the instructions to allow the seat to expand overnight, and after that it inflated and deflated easily.
this was great in when we traveled in the hotel.
i just wish i bought this one for us instead of the fold-n-go seat!i highly recommend!
it's easy to blow up, and folds up small.
we use it on our balcony as well when we sit outside and she can sit with us.
easy to clean,  great price!
easy to install2.
compact and easy to carry.cons: (which outweighed by a lot the pros)1.
it doesn't fit well in every chair.
depending on the dinning room chair size you will be able to use this booster or not.3.
we bought this for an extended trip we were taking.i was not disappointed.it worked great and attached to all different seats (although we had to get creative at times).very compact and easy to fit into the suitcase.
it strapped in tight....granted it was a square chair seat and back.
the base even though inflated with air is sturdy, solid and firm.
i use them with my 14mo old twins who are also on the small side and they fit perfect.
but again, they are on the slender, small size.the second thing is the seat has small crevices which are a pain to clean smushed food out of.
i took note of this after the first use and now cover the seat with a tea towel before strapping in the kiddos.overall - love.
i will definitely recommend to a friend.
it packs small and light and does the job.
my son was 13 months when we first used it.
it does its job.
great.
this extension fit our first years hands free gate perfectly.
it is just perfect.
this extension is great.
it works.
it just slides right into the gate.
this is just what we needed to get our gate to fit in our large doorway.
these fit perfectly.
they don't compromise the sturdiness of the gate at all, and blend in nicely with the rest of the gate.
we needed these for both our baby gates which don't seem to come wide enough to cover a normal hallway, but this extension works perfectly and we haven't had any problems with it in over a year of everyday use.
my daughter even grabs the rails and shakes them everyday and it has held up without becoming loose.
we bought two of these extensions for the hands free gate that we use for our triplets that just turned a year old.
you can read my review on the gate as well, lol.
it keeps it just as strong as sturdy!
worth the money!
this fit just perfectly in our stairway space.
quick shipping as well.
made nice just like the gate.
other than that the extension is great.
yes it is soft but look at others.
)so, bottom line, this is a great carrier for its price - easy to adjust and our baby loves it.
if you plan on hiking or wearing it for longer periods of time, you might want to look into a carrier with more padding(like the euro rider or baby bjorn).
my son is 3 months old, 17 pounds.
i love that i could adjust everything to fit my baby perfectly.
the carrier is soft and cozy.
my baby felt safe and secure.
to be honest, we loved our infantino soft carrier.
i actually had my child with me in our huge &quot;convertible&quot; carrier, and saw a woman with her infant in the infantino.
it works nicely facing in or out, which is not true of most other brands.
the criss-cross straps on your back also do a better job of distributing the load than some carriers we tried.
excellent for 0-4 months, kind of pushing it from 4-6.
i tossed the one that came with ours, and started using a cloth diaper.
this is a nice carrier.
but once she's in it, she's super comfy!
i had bought this to make our daily walk to the mailboxes easy.
it worked great at first.
never used it since
this was an amazing find for my granddaughter!
she truly loves bright colors and i am so excited that it worked so well!
i use a phlilips avent steamer sterilizer for the bottle part only, and i thought i had warped it somehow so that it leaks from the sides.
this avent magic cup can be used with avent nipples, etc.it is not the easiest to clean, but it is possible.eventually, this avent magic cup will leak.
a little before our boy reached one year old, our pediatrician told us to gradually make the shift to more and more solid foods.
she also suggested that the boy should not be using nipples beyond the year one and we should gradually shift over to using sippy cups.we've used avent bottles, for the most part, and have been very satisfied with them.
valves are super tough to remove for cleaning,  and they always are being cleaned.
i recommend the first years clean & simple, valve free!
ever!
these are great sippy cups, in large part because all avent pieces are modular and fit each other.
or, you can take the collars from your bottles and fit the magic valve in it.
it is wonderful!
this was the first sippy cup that my boy used and its still his favorite, even though he can drink from just about any sippy cup now.
i will first admit that there are additional parts to these cups that need to be washed, but since we used dr. brown's bottles, i was used to a few pieces.the soft spout on these cups is great, and made transitioning to a cup so easy for us.
my son hasn't taken a bottle since his first birthday, and never missed them a bit.
there are two levels of spouts, one harder one softer.
there are just so many parts!plus the handle and the ring thingie don't fit into our bottle washing dishwasher basket.two stars.
these cups - the entire avent line, for that matter - seem so wonderful in theory.
(a friend of mine speculates it has a lot to do with the cups, bottles, etc being pretty - i'm inclined to agree.
when she was good, she was very, very good - and when she was bad, she was horrid!when these cups are working right, they are wonderful!
sometimes they leak from the spout, sometimes they leak from the collar, but the same cup will not always leak in the same way, if it leaks at all.
all you will get is a hiss of air, no liquid.
a pretty much full cup.
but we've switched to playtex and i'm pretty happy with them.
our son is almost 16 months old and we have been using these sippy cups for about 10 months now.
no leaks so far.all in all, read the directions and you will see the leaks disappear like magic!
good luck!
he loved this cup.
it really warm up the wipes, what was perfect for my daughter who was a winter baby.
be sure to buy a very moist wipes....
we use wipes from costco and they work really well in the warmer, huggies does as well, never tried pampers.
warmers stated "will not yellow the wipes".
bull!
every mom thinks they need warm wipes.
use a conventional warm wash cloth.
we received this as a gift and love it!
it warms the wipes nicely.
when that happens, i have just added a bit of water and it restores them nicely.
the wipey warmer is a luxury every baby deserves.
it also helps to unplug it overnight to minimize drying.
the diapers are contained with a zippered area.
its a big hastle to just plug and unplug to keep the baby wipes warm for your baby booty.
its easy to reach over to the side of my baby changing station (same height).
i just warm it by holding the wipes in my hand until i think its warm enough for my baby booty.
the best way, you could get a small heat where you can hold it up to it and warm it until its ready to be used.
like most other parents, i was happy at finding a warmer at a reasonable price, and this worked well for the first year but then it quit.the organizer caddy was handy.
also included are some rubber "things" that help you adjust the brackets for a smaller widths; for instance, if you are attaching to a table instead of a crib.
the front of the caddy is a zip-up net and inside you can fit about 15-20 diapers.
there are two pockets on each side that i use to keep small bottles of lotion, diaper cream, etc.
and it holds an entire refill size of wipes.
it is very easy to open and there is no lock for the lid.
she really likes the warm ones.for awhile the doctor wanted us to use wash clothes wet with only water(they recommend this for newborns anyway).
then wiped her with warm cloths that were conviently located.
we returned it and bought the prince lionheart ultimate wipes warmer.
since the especially for baby one seemed a reasonable price, we experimented with it.
we use ours everyday and they still dry out.
but having warm wipes to clean her and wash her off when we are in a hurry definately outweighs the dried out wipes at the bottom.
works better if you keepa damp wash cloth at the bottom.
the diaper organizer works up to size 2 diapers.
my son really enjoys his jitter buggy, it has cute indicator lights and sounds, he loves the vibration, he's 6 months and has sat happily in it up to an hour while i was cleaning.
i got it on sale at a great price so definitely worth the price.it is a bit bulky, luckily our apartment has an open layout so it tucks away against a wall, but it is not portable and you can't really store it.
the seat does not rotate very well.
and it is so cute!
very cute.
now i am expecting a 3rd boy...back to my buggy!
but even better, is the new features it has...a radio, cell phone, cupholder, and traffic signal.
love this buggy.
i expect and hope it does the same for my new son.
i love that it bounces, rocks, and spins.
i think it is cuter than the traditional saucers and is more entertaining.
highly recommended a+
my 1 year old daughter uses one of these when we are sitting outside.
the age requirement states for 4 mos and up.
my son is in the 95th percentile for height and his feet still didn't touch the floor at 6 mos.
they are simply to use, come in wonderful, vibrant colors, and are surprisingly hard to generate messes with (a bonus with two children).the cups themselves are sturdy and durable.
we use them every day, and replace them fairly frequently (when the start to look dingy and 'old'), and have thus far been quite happy with these cups.however!
we toss the cups as soon as this becomes noticeable, but a slight design change to eliminate the space would be welcome to those of us who are hand washing.these cups certainly fulfill their mission and i am very happy we have them, i just wish we could get a little more mileage out of them before tossing (since every little bit helps - replacing frequently is somewhat expensive!).
these cups are great because they are not the traditional spill-proof sippy cups that you find everywhere!
we have these and the philips avent bpa free natural drinking cup, 9 ounces (which is a pretty fast flow for a little one)... our 3 other brands are sitting on the shelf collecting dust!more pros:great price!
i don't have to worry about losing a pricey cup at play dates, etc...top rack dishwasher safecup, top, and stopper (there aren't a million pieces to clean)also recommend: the first years take & toss 5 count spill-proof trainer sippy cups with removable handles, 7 ounce
i have some of these cups that i have been using for my son, and while generally they are great, they do no t travel very well.
these sippy cups are fantastic.
we love all the different colors and that they are space savers in the cabinet.
these sippy cups are perfect.
as for traveling, they do come with one travel cap which is nice, but instead, i also purchased thethe first years 6 pack take & toss snack cups, 4.5 ounce, colors may varywhich have lids that fit perfectly on the sippy cups.most importantly, my baby drinks out of these with no problems!
for outside, or the zoo/park/beach/kitchen they are great.
the rubber cover will keep the leaks in check in a bag for the most part.
best of all you can trash them and it's not going to make a huge dent in your wallet.
my kids are 2.5 years and 1.25 years respectively, and both enjoy using these take and toss cups.
the lids stay on tightly and the liquid inside is easy enough for kids to drink out of.
there are no valves to clean, the cup itself is easy to clean, and the optional caps are great for capping the cup while in a bag.
thankfully for us, our kids keep the cups upright and are beyond the cup gnawing phase; these cups are perfect for our family.that said, this cup is probably not the best for beginning cup users or kids who still like to throw cups around, but are great for those who are just trying to learn how to walk around with a drink and may sometimes drop a cup by mistake.
first off, my son hated sippy cups.
he actually, right around his 1st birthday, willingly drank from a straw, so we switched to those cups gladly.
anyhow, with very light use and hand washing of these cups, all of the spouts started cracking.
my son was always more interested in just playing with that piece than actually drinking from the darn cup.
conclusion, these are definitely not going to be the only sippy cups you ever buy if you go with these.
without reservation this is the best cup out there!
our 15 month loves it, its easy to use and we take a couple with us everywhere.
easy to clean, and easy for baby to use - these are perfect.
these are great but will need to be replaced after a while.
do we not understand the meaning of 'take n toss'?
i'd highly recommend these.
does a great job of not spilling and keep a good flow of milk/water into our toddler's mouth.
great price.
we don't use our insulator ones anymore.
i'm happy with them and recommend buying both sizes.
these cups are nice enough, but the lids are not at all durable.
first off, this is not a cup for a parent with a child that throws cups or pulls lids off or flips cups upside down and shakes them on a regular basis.
if you want one of those then you need to get a cup with a valve that's closer to a bottle.
my son is only 10 months old and can't use this seat because there's not enough space between the seat and the tray.
he's not a fat child, either, only in the 50th % and it cuts right into his belly.
it is very easy to set up and put back together and easy to clean.
our son sits well in it and doesn't scream or anything in it either so that's a huge plus.
it is very compact which is a nice plus for traveling and space.
i like being able to attach it to other chairs and being able to get it back together in no time without any help.
that's a plus if you're traveling alone.
i'd highly recommend this for any mom who loves to travel.
the fold and go booster was our initial attempt in the art of portable boosters.
we had fallen in love with a different brand that our friends had, so we ran out and got this thing.
oh well, that's the beauty of heindsight i guess.
:-pthis seat serves it's purpose.pros:hard plastic seat and tray is easy to cleanstraps, once assembled and fastened, stay tighttray is removablefolds up for storagegood for light use, i wouldn't use it everyday- read the cons and you'll understandcons:tray is hard to remove, you have to grasp and pull the sides just so to get it to pop off (i have to struggle to stiffle an array of 4-letter words quite often when trying to take the tray off)it's cumbersum to set up and fold down and you'll need both hands to do both (we use the "on-the-go" booster at my mother-in-law's and i can open it with one hand, plop my daughter in the seat, strap her in, and strap the booster seat to the chair easily).
if you need a booster to use more often, i'd recommend the "on-the-go" booster seat.
i love this seat!
i love how the straps wind up, the seat completely folds up, and the lid snaps on!
how cool is that!
it travels so nicely!
the only reason i am not rating it with 5 stars is because the lid to the storage compartment on the back always swings open when i try move the chair, and has even fallen off a few times.
)*  a lap belt that keeps my son in the chair.
great!
lightweight, easy to store, easy to open, can be packed in a suitcase, left at grandma's house.
if you don't put it back in the freezer, the impression material will stick to your baby's skin.
it really does look wonderful if you can spend some time on it (which mamas don't tend to have).
also, the wood on the frame is so crappy that the back was cracked in two places when i opened the box!
i read many of the amazon reviews for tips (thanks!)
a bit of touchup with fingers will help, but there is no way you can expect perfection and that annoys me.when it was all done, a piece of black lint stuck to the middle of the footprint.
i agree that if you don't flip it, the mold will curl/warp.
i have a girl, but the pink looks tacky, so i'll use the blue... or maybe i'll replace it with a mat of my own color choice.all-in-all a bit of a pain to work with, but so nice to have a (hopefully) permanent imprint of my baby's foot at 1 month of age.
we called the company and they mailed us a replacement clay free of charge.
the lady on the phone was very supportive and offered a few tips.
so i went out to a craft store and bought a sheet of solid scrapbook paper to use as a background instead.
my husband bought this.
it worked great.
the frame itself is just okay, but the easy to put together footprint and photo for grandparents made it worthwhile.
great gift!
the molding material is easy to work at.
i have used these for each of my children and i love how easy it is to capture their tiny foot prints.
it is forgiving and you have many chances to re-do the print if you want.
follow directions and you will have a great impression after a few tries.
do not strive for perfection or you will hate this, but a great print is possible.
not easy but doable and the results are priceless.
it is tough to do with a squirmy baby and once we did finally get a mold the contrast wasn't very striking--a footprint with ink may look better.
not worth the effort or $, in my opinion.
i have checked out many of the baby foot print frames and this one is by far the best quality and the easiest to use.
the frame is high qulity and has great clean lines.
love them!
quality is pretty good.
i gave the eddie bauer backpack diaper bag five stars because it is simply wonderful!
it is so good for those short trips to the grocery store, visiting friends & family , shopping at the mall.
i can also put my keys and wallet in the zipper section also and i still have plenty of room.
i love the backpack style and how compact it is and it works great.
i think the price is very reasonable and well worth.
trust me you will use it all the time and wonder why you have those other diaper bags.
this bag is nice because it isn't an shoulder bag like most baby bags.
it has plenty of room and is stylish.
they usually have such great quality products.
the sound quality is wonderful.
this monitor is really the best as far as sound quality goes, and the low price is definitely a bonus!
we received this as a present and while it has some nice features, it's rather noisy overall.
our home is a two story and my daughter's room is directly below ours.
the moving lights are a nice feature and work perfectly.
i travel to indiana because my younger sister lives there.
on top of that, i could see her larger movements with the lights.
it is great.
this monitor is wonderful.
best of all it is one of the most affordable monitors on the market.
the monitor does have background noise when you turn it on, and i only use the ac adaptor, but it works well for my needs.
i can hear my son if the volume is down low, and the lights work great.
this monitor worked great for the first week.
i highly recommend the sony babycall monitor (also carried by babies r us, but not online).
it has a wonderful voice activated only feature that allows perfect silence from the monitor unless baby is fussing (i.e., you won't hear the vacuum cleaner or the dryer or the neighbor's dog barking, etc.
i purchased a different monitor and ..., ended up exchanging and puchasing this monitor.
the price is also unbeatable.
i highly recommend this monitor.
we got this as one of our shower gift.
it is very nice and has everything you need.
i really like the the finger nail clippers the best.
we use the brush and comb a lot also.
not to mention its bulkyness.we returned it and bought nursery and bath care set by summer infant products.
it would be cost effective to buy the items seperately from this company.
great for peace of mind!
i have to agree with many of the reviews here...these outlet plugs manage to keep babies and adults from accessing outlets pretty effectively, but that was why i bought them.
i love this product - highly recommend for the mommy and daddy who have busy body babies that cant stop touching everything!
i'm willing to spend the extra 10 seconds and a little minor effort to pull them out to keep it that way.
they work alright, no one will use your outlet, not even you.
sounds easy huh?
and, they're the only ones i've found that work on the plugs with the rectangular openings in the face plate.
your best bet is to alternate: use these in your baby's primary play area and choose a more user-friendly model for the places you plug in most.
(the simple ones without the release buttons.)
this works for us.
these will definitely keep your little one out of the outlets -- highly recommended for safety!
if you have similar issues, you may not want to use them in outlets that you need to use frequently.
it takes both hands (and adult hands at that) to get these back out of the outlets again.
we tried these when my todder started to be able to pull out simpler socket protectors.
second, my 2 year old was able to figure out the mechanism and strong enough to pull them out within 20 minutes.
we installed these on outlets that we use often and they are a breeze to remove.
it definitely takes two hands to push the top button and squeeze the sides at the same time.
i love these outlet plugs.
you just need to figure out how to take them out and find a gadget that can help depress the safety - a screw driver works well for us.
we bought two types, put these in the areas our son has a lot of access, and on outlets we dont use much.
yes, they do take a little work for an adult to remove- you have to kind of wiggle them out-but it is pretty simple.
these work well keeping people out of the plug.
these are not easy to remove....actually, they are a nuisance if you decide you want to use the outlet.
i am very glad i bought these!
i bought these based on the great reviews and put them in the outet.
all you do is squeeze the sides and push the top button and they pull right out.
i'm happy with the purchase.
this works for us, as do a number of other products.
so these gadgets did and still do help me, especially the nail clippers, files, and hair brush.
great products!
but, what first-time parents don't realize is that you'll get the most important of these things from your hospital when you leave after having baby!
what's included that is unnecessary:emery boards/scissors: baby's nails stay soft for most of the first year, to the point that you can just peel off the overgrown part of the nail easily, without having to contend with a wriggling baby in one arm and a sharp implement in the other handmedicine dropper/spoon: should your baby require liquid antibiotics, the medicine will come with a syringe-type applicator, which you place into baby's mouth and then press the plunger to dispense.
use a spoon?
baby will swat it out of your hand and you'll have pink and white stains everywhere.
use a medicine dropper?
your baby's meds will come with the dispenser, so these are unnecessary.temperature tester: very very inaccurate, especially since babies are still not quite self-regulating when it comes to body temperature.digital thermometer: do yourself a favor and register for an ear thermometer.
it will last much longer -- years!
great for travel.
this package has every thing i was looking fore and in a great price ...it's perfect for all new moms
this is another must, i love the brush and the nail clippers, they are perfect for her little fingers and she loves chewing on the handle of the tooth cleaner.
this nursery and bath care set contains a number of highly useful baby items stored in a case that's compact and sturdy enough for regular travel.
my wife and i use it ourselves and it works fine.
if your baby tends to get a lot of fevers, invest in a high-end ear or forehead thermometer for the best combination of accuracy and speed.
we loved our hospital experience, but our parting gifts consisted of a bulb aspirator (which wasn't as nice as the one in this kit), a pat on the back and a "have a nice day now".
leaving the hospital and coming home with a newborn, especially your first, can be an unbelievably hectic time - i wouldn't want to rely on the possibility of freebies to help us take care of our baby.given the low cost of this kit, it's well worth knowing that you're prepared to come home with your newborn.
important: the best tool for clipping infant nails is a normal adult cuticle clipper.
i love the storage aspect of the 30-piece kit as it zips up neatly and allows enough room to consolidate other relevant things such as teethers.
this is a fantastic kit to give any new parent.
a friend of mine just had a kid and received this as a gift.
they are nice and sharp also.
i haven't found a need for the way the top is able to swival though.
the brush is like a typical baby or doll brush (very soft and fine) and doesn't help getting the cradle cap scales off very well.
this kit is great.
it has everything in it you need for basic hygien of a baby plus it's convenient for traveling.
i didnt know they had a pink option but the blue still looks nice for my baby girl.
it has the basics that make a first time mom-to-be feel a little better about bringing her baby home from the hospital.
i love the brush, very soft and the fact that it all fits in that case is nice to have organized.
hope i can keep it like that!
i'll admit that not all the items are necessary, but it is still a fabulous kit.
all i came home from the hospital with besides my son was an aspirator and ointment for my son's circumcision.
the adjustable and extra long handle is great.
the scissors and aspirator have also been handy.
i haven't used the tweezers yet, i just haven't needed them, but i'm sure the day will come.i used one of those rubber finger toothbrushes until my son was about 9 months old, but when he bit clean through it and bruised my finger we switched to this toothbrush.
(my son was a fairly early teether and was cutting his molars by then).
the temp tester has been used since his first tub bath at just a few weeks old and still is.
has been great.
i've always used it to get an underarm temp.
i know the clippers and thermometer are necessities, so was excited to see that this kit came with both of us.
most of it you will get from the hospital and a syringe comes with all medicines you will buy.
my favorite items are the nail clipper (which you can actually hold on to), the water temp (much easier to read than the one with the tub), and the brush (nice and soft).
we're about to go on a trip and the portablility (case) is great.
regular adult stuff is more useful and better quality.
i'm pleased with the kit overall and would say 11 out of the 12 products being of use i'd rate it 5 stars nevertheless.
but the truth is you won't need most of it.let's start with nail care.
those nails are also so soft the first couple of years that you won't be able to use the scissors or files on them.
none you will ever buy will work as well as the one they give you in the hospital.
keep all the free stuff from the hospital because 99% of it is better than what you can buy.
they will be taking your babies temp frequently after birth and they use a digital unit similar to this one but better.
the one we got at the hospital works in 3-5 seconds.
they are inaccurate and the doctor will not take readings form them.we still haven't used the medicine spoon or dropper.
if you child needs medication it will come with a syringe which is quiet frankly easier to use then a dropper.
and at 14 months our daughter still can't take any medication from a spoon.
you've also got the toothbrush.
the bristles are also more like that of an adult toothbrush.
the comb still makes her cry (it scratches her head) and gets tangled very easily in her curly hair.
this is one of those rare occasions.
the thermometer is also a great addition if your child's bathtub doesn't already have one.
the purple color is great and it all comes in a great carrying case complete with an important information magnet that you can stick on the refrigerator for baby sitter's etc.
i am thoroughly pleased with this kit.
i love this kit.
everything in this kit is a necessity and works well.
all of the pieces i've tried so far work very well also.
the clippers are my favorite since they are very easy to handle.
the scissors work for nails as well.
the brush is excellent....very soft bristles for my daughter who doesn't have much hair yet.
nail files and alcohol swabs are nice extras.
the bulb syringe works better than the one from  gerber that i have and the thermometer was a cinch to use as well.
i love this set and keep it clipped on my nursery cart.
it also comes with a useful book on taking care of your baby.
definitely the best kit with the most baby essentials.
the nail files are okay.
it's just an adult-sized one with an attachment.
i'm using the nasal aspirators that we took from the hospital, which i'm told are the best.
the brush and comb are okay.
i have been pretty pleased with it as well!
*the nail clippers work great!
i'd definitely recommend it with the fact that you won't use everything at once in mind.
the compact pouch securely holds everything in place which is great for traveling.
great value!
other than that, it had everything we needed.it's great for travel, and the items are well made and attractive in appearance.
it would make a terrific gift.
i don't think we will be able to use any of these items.
the bulb syringe does not even work.
they fit with all my avent cups and bottles.
also, they help to my daughter to lear to drink independently.
go from avent bottle, which these trainer handles fit on as well (we started out putting the trainer handles on my grandson's bottles)to the avent trainercups
these are great.
what a great idea combined with the no spill teats he is catered for until he go to a sports bottle and cup.
love them.
the first day we used them our girl clutched on with a little help, and through one year she would play with them and hold on while eating.
we took a chance on the &#34;colors may vary&#34; and lost... got pink for our son.
my boy finds these handles really easy to use.
i am thrilled that avent offers these handles (& their non spill soft spouts).
i have a boy, and received pink.
the picture even displays two handles of different colors.
my son is starting to hold the bottle himself and these handles are a big help.
i love that the avent bottles i am currently using can grow with my son and turn into sippy cups.
what a great idea!
i personally love all the avent items!
my son is just now learning to hold his own bottle and this is helping him so much!
then you can use these as sippy cups.
maybe great for a cramped desk space, other than that it is really nice, and super cute!
this frame is perfect for a small shelf/area.
i highly recommend it.
:)
i move a lot so making sure my frames are durable is paramount.
it is such a beautiful and stylish frame.
looks great in a baby room.
frame is cute.
note that it can only be used for verticle pictures because the images on the sides are set to be vericle.
this is a nice frame.
it's heavy and definitely suggests quality.
it's detailed and has a lot going on, so it definitely will be eye catching even amongst other frames, and also looks good just on its own.the finish is definitely more pewter and not at all silver.
wow i hated that one two, who woulda guessed?
okay so that one was history.
my friend has one 10 month old and her champ stinks.
well now the neat, we didnt buy it, we saw it at a friends house who hated her champ, well now she hates the neat.
she has a 3 month old and an 18 month old.
well, for the occasional 3 year old pull ups, and 2x the dirty 8 month old diapers...
i love it!
i keep one of those circular deoderant things attatched (sometimes 2!)
i am sorry but diapers stink and i found that the diaper dekor is the best.
my friends have k.o the champ and wished away of their diaper genies.
a great idea!!
this is not what you want.
however, besides the smell that hangs around the nursery for a little while after changing, the diaper dekor has kept the poopy smell at bay throughout the summer, with minimal air conditioning in our home.
this is very user friendly: refills are easy to insert, bags are easy to remove when full, and you can even use it as a regular trash can when that glorious day arrives when your little one is potty trained.
the reason we changed it is because the inner lid stopped functioning properly.
we had the old square model where the inner lids in the pail are round and fold to the inside of the pail (that is the model in this picture).
we bought the dekor plus at babies r us.
the diaper dekor plus now is oval and the inner lid is square.
it now has a system to cut the bag on the inside of the pail, which is nice, and it has a lock for the inner lid of the pail.
i guess that is the one reviewed by consumer reports and recommended.
the new oval version does not work as well, also get the smaller size model -the dekor not the dekor plus.-
i bought this for my child's nursery.
the bags do have a light scent which may help odor control.
i can cut the bags and make a new one when its full or if his diapers get too smelly when we introduce solid food, i will cut the bags and take them out sooner.
they fit a lot of diapers inside.
i recently purchased a second diaper dekor plus for the downstairs as our regular trash can was starting to smell a bit.
i absolutely love this diaper pail and recommend it!!
this is a great diaper bin.
it operates great and seems to be well constructed.
the diaper dekor is excellent and does the job well.
my newborn's diapers easily drop into the dekor with just a step of the pedal.
we used this with the plastic refills for the first few months while using disposables & then switched to using a planet wise pail liner when we started cloth diapering.
i love it!
it doesn't hold all the ones i use before needing to wash so now i have a hanging planet wise bag in addition & the 2 of them are enough.it's nice enough looking that i would use it for a regular trash can someday when we're done with diapering ;)
i have been using my diaper pail by dekor for 8 months now and i love it.
i have tried out a few of the others via my girlfriends, and none seem to be as easy to use and works as well.the foot pedal design to open the lid sold me.
it has a small "razor edge" (very well protected from any injury) on the inside of the door that you slice the bag off however full it is.
well, it really does do a good job with smells.
regular cleaning and lysoling helps keep the pail as fresh as possible.i reccomend this pail to all my friends.
personal experience, reviews and word of mouth are the best way to gather your research in the quest for your perfect baby products!
you can use regular kitchen bags with this one!
i works great and i love that you can lock it.
the diaper dekor is the best.
the refills last forever, it is totally simple to use and it really does not smell.
we love the design, but it doesn't contain the odors.
we love how easily you can change the bag whenever you want and how much you can stuff into it.
a smarter long term solution for stinky diapers: buy a durable &#34;cloth diaper&#34; pail liner and a decent sized trashcan with a lid and foot lever.
i was happy to find a diaper disposal system that worked well with cloth diapers.
both were very easy to use, and helped to keep our nursery stink-free.
if you go back and forth with cloth and disposable, or plan to do one and then the other, this is a great option, as you can use it easily for both options, as opposed to the munchkin or diaper genie, which are much harder to use with cloth.
we purchased this when for our nursery.
honestly, i originally wanted this one because it looked nicer than the other pails, and the white and grey went with our nursery.
the bags also hold a lot of diapers.
it really does look like a nice diaper pail.
also, the narrow width makes it perfect to fit between our dresser/changing table and the wall.-refills last forever.
not a big deal because there's a second lid underneath that covers the diapers, but it's an annoyance.
it finally broke on us for good a couple of weeks ago.enter the diaper dekor...this thing is really honestly and truly hands-free.
let's face it - leave dirty diapers in a warm room for a week or more, and it will smell.there is one poor aspect to the diaper dekor - you'll read about it in every review...
go to home depot, and buy a roll of the blue painter's masking tape.
it is in the paint section, and looke like a roll of masking tape, but it's blue.
buy the 1 1/2" width.put a strip over the recessed knob, and the kids won't be able to open the diaper dekor.
the reason you want the blue stuff is that it can be pulled off and won't leave any sticky.you could also simply put the diaper dekor on a shelf, and use your hand to open the top lid before dropping in a diaper.either way, this gets 4 stars compared to the 0 star diaper genie.
i just know from my experience that this diaper pail does not lock in odors and we now have to keep it outside of his room.
the diaper dekor plus has been pretty good for containing the smell of our baby's dirty diapers, but i'm skeptical of how it'll be once she's eating solid foods.
as others have mentioned, this is essentially a traditional step-action garbage can, with an additional door/flap to hold in the smell.
my son is now 3 months old, and therefore still in the baby poop phase, and we have not yet had any odor issues with this system.
the changing station we use most often is the one that attaches to his pack and play in our bedroom, and so this disposal system is in our bedroom all the time.
i have never, even at it's fullest, noticed a smell from it, and my husband has likened me to a bloodhound for my ridiculously sensitive sense of smell.
bear in mind though, that my son is not yet on solids, and his poop is still just glorified bile.
that has to be expected.it holds a lot, we empty it about twice a week, and the refill cartridges last for ages!
the door latch isn't very strong, and so the door can open ajar when the bag is quite full and bulging, but again, you'd be changing it by that point anyway, and that would allow the door to close properly again.it's a good price.
i'd definitely get it again.edit: my son is now 7 months old and well and truly on solids with the stinky poop that goes with that.
you really need to remember what these systems are for, and that there will always be some degree of smell leakage from any diaper disposal system.
my best advice is change the bag every 2-3 days, and clean with lysol once a week.still a satisfied customer!
pros: easy to use and change the bag.
i highly recommend this diaper pail.
we love the ability to take out the trash anytime, and the ease of getting to the bags and replacing the bags.
we have also put regular trash bags in when we have run out the refills and that works great as well.
we are now on the third month of life with our little boy and his diapers are getting pretty stinky and so is this diaper disposal pail.
also, the refills last forever and are pretty inexpensive!
one way to mitigate it is to use munchkin nursery fresheners or any other form of the deodorant/baking soda and place them at the bottom of the bin.
it holds about two days worth of diapers, just enough to wash every other day.
i also wish it had some kind of external lock on the lid, so that my toddler couldn't get the outside lid up and get her hands all over the inside.
it works exactly the same, holds the odors in the same, is much cheaper, and holds more diapers.overall, we've been happy with the dekor, but for the price, a regular step can works just as well for much cheaper.
we are very pleased with this diaper pail.
it does a good job of containing the odors and accommodates a large number of diapers.
however, the thing we were most impressed with is the simple yet efficient disposal system.
it's really neat and well thought through.
also, we like the re-usability aspect as a trash can for later.
i love the diaper dekor plus.
we also use it for our 8 week olds dirty diapers, yuck!pros-* nice and big, can hold many diapers* really is one handed, very cool and easy* no smells, not now and not ever!
our son is 3 months old and we've only just opened a second bag a couple of weeks ago!
at the rate we are going, we won't need to open another box of refills until close to his 6 month birthday.don't let the price tag worry you - it's well worth the price because there is absolutely no odor.
diapers need special attention, and the diaper dekor plus fits the bill!i highly recommend this stylish, practical and cost-effective disposal system!
i can't speak on the ability of this diaper trashcan to contain smells since we are still breastfeeding ... but the design is awesome!
i definitely recommend this trashcan!
still no smell which is awesome!
however once we stopped using cloth and switched to disposables the smell was awful!there are two problems with the champ, one is it's top heavy so it tips easily and two is it has a hole near the handle so odor is always seeping through.the diaper dekor plus solved both of those issues and more.
its compact yet holds the same ammount of diapers that the "champ" does.
if you are using disposables i highly reccomend the dekor plus.
awesome!!!!
we purchased two of these diaper pails in preparation for our son's arrival.
we love that there is a foot pedal for throwing the diaper in so you don't have to open the lid with your hand.
our 18-month-old son does lift the lid up sometime and opens the flap, but never tries to put his hands in.
the refills are easy to install, and the bags are pretty easy to tie off and change.
sometimes i'll notice an odor on the day that we will be taking the bag out, but other than that, i think it does a great job of keeping the odor in.
i started putting poopy diapers directly in the trash outside and only use it for pee diapers.
i use it with a pail liner for my cloth diapers.it does a great job of keeping the smells in.
it's very easy to change the bags, the one step feature works as descibed however, the so called triple seal design does not complete odor control.
i'd say it holds just about a day's worth of diapers easily.
the "ring" inside and the mechanism that holds the liner just seems flimsy.
we did alot of research on diaper pails and this one came out on top.
and sturdy.
most importantly, the bags are super easy to change!
it seems like because of that, you can fit more diapers in it.i am so glad i made this purchase, my hubby loves it, i love it, i highly recommend it!
i got this diaper pail soon after my son started on solid foods.
it has been very useful and easy to use.
to all the parents who gave this negative reviews because of the smell, i'd suggest buying a couple packs of the disposable powder scented bags and a container of febreze or the clorox disinfecting spray.
they work really well, especially on poopy diapers.
it was wonderful when she was a baby.
so now we use the dekor as a trash can in the bathroom (which works great) and we use the regular trash for her diapers.
(see note below for comment on bags)- stylish design makes it very un-obtrusive in the nursery.
my husband is very happy with it and not bothered at all in using it.
i've had friends (and especially friends' husbands) complain about the diaper genie because of the issue of having to press the diapers through a seal.side note: i highly recommend using the original refillsdiaper dekor plus refills 2 packbecause they do a lot to help with the odor control.
thediaper dekor plus 2-pack refill biodegradableis not as effective, i think because of the different plastic they use to make them "biodegradable".overall, i'm completely satisfied with it and so glad i did all of the research i did!
(one of the inner flap's spring broke.)
it definitely helps with the smell.
i keep a box of baking soda in the bottom to absorb some of the odor as well.
smooth open and close via foot pedali'm very happy with this purchase.
with a squirming child, being able to use one hand for diaper disposal is a plus!
i also love the economical practicality of the refills.
the double doors are easy to push the diaper through and keeps your hands and the unit clean.
beware, as your child ages, this system does not hide the odors.
we have the changing table in our bedroom and the diaper dekor right beside it.
you can use this system with one hand.
i do highly recommend this.
i had my baby in december 2005 and i am still using the original bags it came with as of february 2006.
well worth the money.
the only time i smell anything is when it's pretty full and i open the top to put a diaper in, or on those rare occasions where it's super full and we haven't emptied it in a while.
i don't notice any smell and i have a sensitive sniffer.
it's very easy to use.
tip - if you roll up the dirty diaper and then fold over the sides using the velcro to secure, you make a little "package" that easily drops into the diaper dekor and allows more diapers to fit inside.
ok, i own a diaper genie and this pail as well.
this makes a great secondary pail for wet diapers.
this is a good "light use" pail with flexible bag options, so for that i give 4 stars.
i absolutely love the design of this pail.
the foot pedal that opens the lid is awesome and it's easy to push the diaper into the pail, making disposal of a messy diaper very easy.
we got this as a shower gift and we also have a genie for our second changing area.
the genie is also working and odor free however the genie is a pain to use.
to change the liner is also much easier with the dekor.
i live in a trailer and we have super tiny rooms.
this pail is a life saver.
the pail is super lightweight and the bags last a while!
we have had a diaper genie at both my home and my parents.
my mom found that one somewhat difficult to get the hang of... making sure the diaper went through the inner flaps.
it's small and sleek, so not at all an eyesore in our very minimalist nursery, but it is also very functional.
it's easy to use, keeps odor to a minimum, and refilling it is a piece of cake.
other than that, i think it's perfect.
my daughter who's into everything have learned how to open the top and remove all the diapers.
sure this is a nice pail to keep after the diapers are gone.
i have to put air freshners inside it to help with the odor.not a great pail, it doesn't cost cheap, but it's made cheap.
i have used different diaper disposal systems at friend's houses.
i feel that the diaper dekor is one of the best on the market right now from my experience.
this one looks nice and is easy to use.
i am very glad i received this as a shower gift.
i've been using this pail for 1 month now and it has been wonderful.
great buy!
this diaper pail is wonderful!
the refill pack comes with three refills and each refill lasts us about 2 months.
diaper champ and diaper genie).
using it is as simple as pressing the foot pedal and dropping in the diaper.
the refills are also very easy to use--just open the lid, drop one in, and pull the bag down and tie a knot.
very simple.
i use a cloth diaper service, they pick up and drop off once a week.
we chose in the end to just have a small garbage can in our daughter's room and a natural scent deodorizer in the bottom.
and, this is a great pail to use for something else when you are finished using it for diapers...
it would be perfect for tolitries and other items in the bathroom!!!
just one snip with the siccors and tie 2 nots (one in the top of the used portion - and one to close off the new portion) ---- that's it!!
!you can even change it wile baby is sleeping.
this one is a better combination of both.
the refills last forever... and i also feel like these bags take a while to fill up.
we got the dekor and the diaper champ as gifts and kept both for the two changing areas in our house.
i like the dekor so much better because of the foot pedal for disposal (my son is super squirmy and i need both hands for him!)
and changing the bags is simple--just open the front door, cut the top of the bag with the built in safety cutting device, knot the bag, and pull down the plastic for the next bag.
it holds a ton of diapers and pull-ups!
it is very easy to dump in a diaper one handed, and the refils last months, litteraly!
my 2 1/2 year old can not figure out how to open this though (thank goodness!)
i love it, and my house guests are amazed that i actually change diapers in my house, not one whiff!
hopefully this will help with the stink.
i love the dekor plus.
my mother and sister use diaper champ and i have the diaper dekor plus.
the dekor has a foot pedal which is awesome!
with diaper champ you have to plan ahead and pull open the unit or you have a dirty diaper in one hand and have to leave the baby to use your free hand to open the champ.
champ will not even open if it is full so now you are struggling with dirty diaper in hand and loose baby.
with dekor you just step on the foot pedal and drop the diaper in or set on top if full.
i have a very sensitive nose, and the only time i catch the odor from within is if i purposely hold the two flap doors open and take a whiff, or when i'm changing the bag and compacting the full one with my knee to squeeze all the air out (definitely an outside task -- stinky!).
(3) our secondary flapper door was hanging open the past few weeks, probably the result of a loose spring affected by corrosion (the air stays moist inside this pail).
(4) it's pretty durable.
our oldest regularly climbs and sits on this -- says it's his rocket.
as for changing the liner, it is very easy.
we take them out probably 3 times a week, and that works great.
it's easier to put diapers in, easier to change the refill and easier to dispose of the used diapers.
you just step on the foot pedal to open the top and drop in the diaper.
it also controls the odor very well.
this is an excellent diaper pail!
it looks and works like a regular trash can - just step on the foot pedal and drop the diaper in.
you definitely want this one on your registry!!
look elsewhere for a diaper pail
this diaper pail is great because it can hold a lot of diapers and has a great little flap that keeps the diaper smell trapped away.
great design!
trap door keeps odors at bay and sleek design looks great in the nursery.
this one will serve you well!
we've had the dekor for 8 months now and are very pleased with it.
it's easy to use, looks good, and mostly keeps the stinky diaper smell out of the nursery.
because the second inner door flap goes inwards, it prevents you from being able to fill a bag completely because it runs into the diapers.
no issues with odor or use.
it was very convenient to step on the lid, have it pop right open, and drop the used diaper in, usually pretty neatly.
we have a ton of those and they're free, soooo... that's my plan.
we live in a small condo and his room is quite small as well.
the only time i smell that is when changing the bag (so it's wide open) or if it's overfull and one of the diapers is holding open those inner flaps.
fantastic at odor control.my complaints - minor - are the latch, which as others have noted is a bit flimsy and takes a bit of fiddling sometimes to get it to stay closed (not always easy with a 2-year-old trying to "help"!
i love this pail...
this thing works!
keeps the smell inside, super convenient, easy to clean out and replace the bags.
easy to use.
the foot pedal works great and the cutting edge for the bags is really convenient.2.
good odor control.3.
the style (foot pedal controlled flip-up top with trap doors in) makes it impossible for our puppy to get into, and this dog is an expert at trash cans.
he hasn't even made a move for it, which says something impressive about its odor control.5.
i highly recommend this diaper pail.
but what i can say is that i am totally happy with this pail.
it also seems to hold a fair number of diapers.
i think that the price was fair for such an attractive and well working system.
best of all the bags smell like baby powder, so when you're changing out the bags, you smell baby powder, not poopoo.
most important!
be sure that you buy "diaper dekor plus" refills for the diaper decor plus.
when i babysat 10+ years ago in junior high i always got confused with the diaper genie, but this is so simple and easy to use.
other than that, this is a wonderful product and highly recommended.
so many of my friends tried diaper genie and others and claimed that no diaper disposal system really keeps out the smell or works very well.
i found that the claims diaper dekor makes are true.
we've tried others as well and have concluded this one is the best and by far the easiest to use (just step on the lever it and throw the diaper in) - i want the least amount of interaction with the contents as possible and this diaper pail fills that bill.
here is a tip: buy a stick up air freshener and stick it inside the diaper pail (on the wall of the pail where the diapers go) this won't completely alleviate the smell but it will help and also spray it frequently with lysol.
the daiper dekor plus works pretty well for the first 8 months.
like most trash cans, you step on the pedal to open the lid.
a smaller, spring loaded interior lid keeps the diapers out of sight.
when you want to toss your diapers, you open the front side of the unit, cinch the bag at the top, and cut it on the safety blade inside.
this diaper pail is great!
i read a few other reviews and would like to comment based on them.our son will be 5 months old this week.
the liner sets in the top of the pail and you pull it through to the bottom and make a knot in the bottom.
when it's full, you open the door on the front and cut the liner off (there is a liner-cutter in the door).
we are on the first refill in the first pack.
also, when you change the liner, it is so easy to take the top pieces apart to clean them.
i think it's very easy to keep this system clean & sanitary.all that said, if you're looking for the easiest possible route to dispose of dirty diapers, use your regular garbabe can and take the trash out frequently!
works perfectly well - keeps smells out.
doesn't take up much floor space and very easy to use.
they've made improvements to make it easier to use and very clean.
would highly recommend.
i had some personal recommendations on the diaper dekor, i read the reviews and decided to get it.
it has a foot pedal to open the lid and you can drop the diaper through the trap doors.
the pedal does not work exceptionally well on plush carpet because there is little firm support underneath it, but it's good enough.
you can always put some plywood under the pail and pedal for extra support.
open the bottom compartment, pull out the plastic tube/bag with the dirty diapers, cut it and throw it away.
the refills are a bit tricky to replace the first time, but once you get the hang of it, it's very easy.
this has happened to me a couple of times and it's not a big deal to clean up.
each time you open the lid to put a new dirty diaper in, the smell of the previously discarded diapers wafts into the room.
i also got some diaper pail deodorizers from babies r us that seem to help mask the smell.
i have two sets of twins, 8 month b/b and 3 year old b/g.
all of them love this toy.
i dont know if its just because hes a dog, (their lovey toys are a black and white dog and a brown and white dog, and they love our boxer and golden retriever mix) or maybe its just because pupsqueak rocks!
and a toy that for 12 bucks will last three years, wow talk about getting a bargin!
well maybe number two, but no one ever beats their loveys puppy and doggy!
the soft plush, the bright colors, that cute bark, the squeak, the rattle, those crinkly ears--what's not to love?
he loves to touch and pat it all over, pulling and grabbing each part to make all the sounds.
our 4 week old son loves this toy!!!
he loves to look at it and touch it.
everytime he sees it, his eyes light up.
its very bright, with high color contrasts ( which babies love).
next to br max the monkey (also by lamaze) and zach's "lovey", pupsqueak is his favorite toy.
we use him to give variety to our son and zach really loves him!
its perfect for those really silent times when everyone needs a good laugh.
along with max, pups (what we call him) is perfect for tummy time.
pups is very durable and has been easily spot cleaned and even in the wash!
the colors are great for my son to stare at and he just loves him.
this toy is very sturdy and easy to clean.
it also comes with a multitude of sounds, textures and colors, which has kept our son interested since the moment he laid eyes on it.
definitely.
is it durable?
is it worth $12?
these kinds of toys are everywhere.
she absolutely loves this toy and we take it everywhere we go.
i can lay her on the floor with this and she will move it back and forth, grab at it, and pull the ring into her mouth.
she absolutely loves the sound the ears make.
a great toy to teach your child grasping!
she likes the dangling bone and loves the crackling of the ears.
my son loved this!
we'd clip it on his crib bars, on his gymini, and on his stroller!
he loved playing with it and it washed wonderfully as well.
i am pumping 100% because my daughter will not latch on (another story - issues with losing >10% and having to supliment with a bottle with expressed milk - nipple confusion) so finding the right pad to put on always sensitive nipples is critical.
i prefer the johnson's and johnson's brand.
thankfully my wife is a stay at home mom-only the baby sees her with these things!
also the cotton padding will just start to leak and shed.overall - i have been and continue to be very happy with these but as with all pads, you have to change them regularly and be prepared for movement!
these are great for nursing mothers.
they also look very unflattering under clothing.
you soak right through them.
the avent pads were relatively inexpensive and work wonderfully!
thank goodness for these!
great packaging because i go through a lot as they should be changed often.
i have tried a few different brands of nursing pads as i am now breastfeeding my second child.
these are by far my favorite.
these factors are really important especially in those first few weeks when nipples may be a little bit sore and there is a lot of leaking.
lansinoh is the best i've used.
i started usinglansinoh 20265 disposable nursing pads, 60-packwhich are awesome!
my skin would end up wet and damp and hot.
it came with a trial pair of the nighttime pads, they're thicker and worked great.
the daytime version works very well, they're soft and cushy with a nice contour.
they'd be perfect if there was a second sticky pad.
in a pinch i'd definitely pick up a package but my primary will be lansinoh's disposables.
it's okay to use at night because it is thick and it prevents leaks especially around morning time.
but i prefer lansinoh and that is what i use now even at nights.
i usedevenflo 60 count simplyabsorbent nursing padbefore and liked them better.
lasinoh work okay, but are pink in color on the outer shell (which don't work well with white bras or white shirts) and they trap moisture which can lead to infection.
the price is very reasonable as well.
i am also a large chested woman and have found that these cover the nipple area sufficiently, i do however wear underwire thicker type bras which definetly help with keeping them in place.
that seems most logical to me.so, all in all, if you can get them centered and keep them from moving then they will be pretty absorbant.
i love these breast pads!
yes these pads are thicker than most.
this is important to me because i don't want "liquid" locked in between plastic and my skin.
these nursing pads are a bit thick, so they tend to show under tight fitting tops.
again in terms of absorbency it does its wonderful job.
it has thick layers it keeps leaks away from your skin.
i love it.
great deal for the price.
maybe it is b/c i am big breasted but these did not work (loved the avent ones though)
i tried these pads first after being so happy with other avent products.
easy!
plus, they look great, and i prefer them to the metal stops anyhow!
simple to install and effectively ends all worries about my son accidentally choking on the rubber end of a typical door stop.
i agree with the other reviewers about that they are super easy to install and are way safer than the standard ones with those removable white end caps.
out toddler and cats constantly removed the tops to our standards door stops.
we bought this for my step son when he was 11 mos old and he loved it!
the versatility of this toy though is great being a walker and a ride on toy as well it could be a money saver.
it's banged around a lot and has held up.def worth the money.
my son, then 9 months, received this walker along with a playskool walker for christmas.
the playskool walker has since been banished to our garage.
the fisher price walker is so much more fun!
my daughter loved this toy.
now that she is walking she does like to sit on it and ride on it.
she enjoyed the balls and music before she was walking and it was like a transition for her from the kick toy with same balls for younger infants that she used.
my daughter has loved this toy since the day she got it.
this toy gave her confidence and she loves the silly face and fun music.
she also loves when we convert it to a ride on toy and push her around.
she also loves to push the nose and just dance to the music.
the motion sensor on this toy is real sensitive so it doesn't have to be banged to play.
my daughter just has to walk up to it and it will play.
my neice who is almost two recieved this on her first birthday and used it for a walker until recently.
this is really a useful toy and really fun.
this toy is sturdy and easy for my daughter to move around.
i think the width of the toy and the wide wheels help to keep the toy moving at a good pace.
if you want your child to use a walker to help him/her get used to her feet and have fun doing it, this is the toy, plus it is convertible and will last beyond a year.
it is very affordable and worth every penny.
in closed form is a rider, opened the seat splits into a v to form a walker.
my son got this toy for christmas.
he wasn't even crawling yet but loved to put the balls in the basket to make the music start.
once he started pulling up it was a great walking toy.
he loves to dance to the music now.
it is a little difficult to change from the walking to riding position but my son isn't that interested in riding right now.
so i took it back and upgraded to the summer's color baby monitor which also very well and i am very happy with.
we could not live without one of these monitors though.
monitor in our bedroom, and bought another monitor for the livingroom.
we love it!
i have used this monitor every day since i brought my son home in march of 2005.
it has been an essential tool in looking after our son.
with a minor adjustment to the camera angle, we are able to observe him in his big bed.
i've kept it on my desk and night stand, carrying it from room to room, and i plan on purchasing the portable monitor for our new baby who is arriving shortly.
i spoke with summer infant customer support today at (800) 268-6237, to determine if it is compatible with the new hand held color monitor i will be purchasing for our new baby, and they are very helpful.
wow!
we love our video monitor!
our son was perfectly fine when we transitioned him to his own room, but my husband and i were a nervous wreck!
this monitor helps us keep peace of mind and be able to rest.
we have had minimal problems with static and the sound/picture quality is great - even the night vision feature!
we get a kick out of seeing our son exploring in his crib and not even knowing he has an audience!also, when he is napping, it makes it easy to check on him without actually entering his room - which always used to wake him up.i understand from the other reviews that durability and longevity may be an issue with this item.
the purpose of a baby monitor is to free you up for household chores while still allowing you to know that junior is safe and sound.
audio does this nicely.
look at the price tag on this compared to a simple audio.
i think this item is worth every penny for the piece of mind it gives me.
now he can sleep comfortably in his bed and even through i can't roll over and touch him in the middle of the night i have the next best thing.
after moving our 4 month old from our room to hers to sleep in her crib, we found that the monitor had excellent range.
our room is on the opposite side of the house, across the kitchen and living room, and we were still able to get excellent sound and picture.
in addition, it is lightweight and portable.
it seems it worked for some wonderfully and not so great for others or not at all.
i could have easily put in a pack of  diapers and been okay.
i love this item!!!!
very durable, and keeps your carseat protected from abusive handling by the airlines!
this is great for travelling.
i checked it in and it arrived in good condition.
worked great!
i had bought this right before we moved 1/2 ways across the world.
it was perfect.
i do not appreciate changing sheets for no reason.
i'm not sure what the point of the redesign was since the old style was perfect.
please bring back the old style!!!!
we love the playtex insulators.
we tried a whole bunch of cups when my youngest hit the sippy age, and these were the best by far.
this is one of our many purchases as we have added to our sets over the years.
best sippy cup we've had!
very easy to clean!
it will take for ever .
soo not happy
these are the best sippy cups.
i have used them for all my kids and always gift them at baby showers for new moms as well!
these are sturdy cups, though, so they might work well for older toddlers who can be taught to leave cups standing upright but who aren't yet ready for open top cups.
i bought one of the new spout cups with the circle valve as a replacement for one of my original design spout cups that melted in the dishwasher.
every time my daughter took a sip it leaked from the area between the top and the cup.
but i love their new coolster and the non insulated cups.
i like this sippy cup but it came in pink and i specifically ordered blue for my son.
i took a chance, because the price can't be beat.
playtex makes some very girlie cup designs and wouldn't you know it, that's what we got for our son.
even the boyish designs are fun for a girl.
i kept these for an upcoming shower gift, but it's not worth the chance i'll get another set of pink butterfly cups.a gender selection option should be provided.
(girl, boy, neutral)
i bought these for my son because i wanted something that would keep his drinks cool and didn't leak.
they do a great job at keeping drinks cool, they are easy to wash and if they do start to leak the valve is replaceable.
playtex sippy cups are by far the best sippy cups!
i have used others by gerber and avent- which both leaked!
playtex will never leave you scrubbing milk/juice stains out of your carpet- or your kids' clothes!the insulated cup keeps fluids fresher longer, which makes this the healthiest cup delivering optimum nutrients and nutrition for your child!
this feature is particularly nice if your child sips a little here and a little there- esp.
we've tried several different cups and these are by far the best.
my kids also love them.as another reviewer posted you might need to replace the valves every now and again because they dont age well.
this is the absolute best price you can get on these playtex sippy cups.
for example, in two sets we got a navy blue space scene with red and while space stuff and a red lid, a multicolored dino scene with pale blue lid, a butterfly scene with most yellow and green with a pink lid, and a purple and green flower design with a green lid.
(hand tested on vacation and at nana's.
(tested in florida, texas, and virginia.
overall, my son is happy with the cup so we will continue to use them!
we've tried tons of sippies and these are our favorite.
like many other reviewers, i am a huge fan of traditional playtex sippy cups.
they truly are the gold standard.
my son is not going to use the flower cups!
this is very easy to clean and lasting.
love to be surprised with the colors because you do not get to choose.
if you really want pink for girl and blue for boy.
i did not use this with my son's infant seat.
overall, fun stroller toy.
so far she likes the bright colors and the music.
it does however fit quite nicely on her bassinet.
i clip those to the hood of the carseat while driving.
he loves to play with those toys.
this is a nice little clip on toy to entertain your child, however, it is very hard to clip onto my daughter's quattro tour latch travel system (graco).
has a thin bar/rail that the toy can be attached to.one bonus- it did fold very easily and fit nicely into my daughter's diaper bag.
this is a cute toy, i will give them that.
looks great, simple, matches with everything.
perfect size.
holds a lot of laundry.
easy to use mesh bag inside.
good price.
this hamper looks great and is very simple and understated, so it fits in with pretty much any decor.
great capacity, easily folds to stow away, sturdy, doesn't buckle with a full load of laundry, can lift inner mesh bag to carry the laundry, holds up well in the wash (no shrinkage/discoloration).
i like the neutral look, works well in the nursery - doesn't compete with the rest of the decor.
this hamper is a great asset to the nursery!
it is neutral and will be able to 'grow' with the child as the decor changes and it's easy to empty - the mesh liner comes out and goes back in very easily.
i highly recommend this hamper.. a great value!
and it looks great w/ just about any decor.
love it!
we purchased this for our daughter's nursery and have been using it for almost nineteen months now--and it still is in perfect condition!
it is super convenient and easy to clean....think machine wash :-).
it is also an ample size comparable to the majority of larger baby hampers.
it is definitely worth the price.
it's the perfect size, not too big, and the removable netted insert makes it easy to take his clothes to the washer.i highly recomment this to all moms!
the removeable mesh lining is perfect for carrying the clothes from the room to the washer.
it's just the right size for a baby.
this is the cutest and most perfect hamper ever.
this is the perfect laundry basket for any nursery!
it is a little big, but ended up being the perfect size for us.
it's also great that it's mesh so that it keeps airflow going through and doesn't promote mold growth.
and such a great price as well!
this hamper is perfect for the nursery.
it holds about a load of laundry when its full.
it's perfect!
this is a very, very comfortable, versatile, pillow.
i also sometimes sleep with my belly facing the straight/long part of the pillow.
the lower end wraps in between my legs far enough to provide back support in this position.the head part of the pillow is a good height, so you won't need an additional pillow for your head.
the curve provides a nice space for your shoulder when you're sleeping on your side.
it may prove to be useful for breastfeeding, although it is not as portable as a boppy-style pillow.
i didn't have one of these with my first pregnancy and now i am wondering how i ever lived without it.
i absolutely love it!
it is very comfortable.
i guess its personal preference.otherwise, its a great pillow.
i have used it to prop myself up in bed and that works great as well.
(one other minor flow would be the white pillow covering.
maybe popping it in the dryer will revive it.
it is so much more comfortable than any arrangement of other pillows, and well worth the price.
oh well - it is well worth it for the 6-9 months of pregnancy that it helps me sleep!
very very useful!!
well 6-7 months later this became a life saver.
once you hit the 3rd trimester this pillow is key to get any kind of sleep.
first of all i have slept on my back all my life, now that i am 19 weeks i know that isn't a great idea and also it just isn't comfortable anymore.
i love the curls at the top and bottom!
i love this pillow.
it provides exactly the right support and i sleep comfortably through the night.
with this pillow, that has stopped.
she stays in one place, and she sleeps better.
it is also very comfortable.
the trick is to use the curvier end of this pillow between the thighs while sleeping as it helps straighten the hips out.
also, the instructions that came with it showed the pillow coiled up to be used as a back pillow but this never worked as it tended to spring open unexpectedly and send bedside items crashing to the floor.
i am 5' 7&#34; and 200lbs + during pregnancy and this held up great.
i have a love hate relationship with this pillow.
and the first night i used it, i slept beautifully.
since then, my body has continued to change and the pillow has continued to really help my sleeping.
it is very well designed.on the other hand, the pillow is way overpriced considering the quality.
the snoogle is awesome!
the benefits out weigh the negatives though!
it also gave great support for my growing belly.
worth the investment!
i decided on c shaped pillow, and i am very happy i did.
i actually prefer facing the c opening, which gives my back great support, like a hug.
i will probably also use it as a breastfeeding pillow.
regardless of that, i am very happy i purchased it.an update.
as both ends are stuffed in the pillowcase, the area around the opening will bulge- just force it inside- and viola!
i would recommend following washing instructions - washing in warm water on gentle cycle, and drying on lowest heat setting.
i think it helps to put an extra pillow between the legs.
also makes it a bit hard to cuddle with your partner, but i usually just make sure the loge side is facing the outside of the bed.
loved this pillow during pregnancy.
the small crook goes nicely under your head while the length of the pillow supports your tummy.
7 months along, it gets tougher finding ways to sleep more comfortably through the night.pros: curved and contoured so that your neck and legs are supported.
both mornings i woke-up with a sore neck and there is not a good way to turn it over in the middle of the night when you are covered by a sheet.
it is very good!
i use another pillow below it for my head, and use the below portion between both legs and the edge to support my growing belly.
the pillow is very comfortable, and i sleep better.
it also provides back support.
this pillow is great for that.
it comes with a piece of paper with instructions on various seating and sleeping positions, the seating positions are not that comfortable.
extra pillows and it does help.i'll skip the pros part as the other reviewers did a good job describing them.
the fabric of the pillow is kind of rough and it is not too pleasant for the skin of the face.
it provides the support where i need it.
the long body pillow part provides back support and prevents me from sleeping completely on my back.
the wider "hook" end allows me to separate my knees.
what a great pillow.
very versatile.
excellent quality and design.
pillow well constructed and hits in all the right places and supports the baby bumpthe challenge is this:  when you want to turn over, it can make it struggle sometimesso if you flop around a lot, not sure for you.
if you generally sleep on one side ir the other will work great
buy this one as soon as you find out your pregnant.
being of petite frame, the pregnancy wreaked havoc on my back and my sleep.
it provided all the right support for my back and legs throughout and after the birth of my daughter, it also provided support to help me with feeding her.as my daughter grew and hit each stage of her life, the snoogle came into play a few more times (i.e.
also, the case it comes in is like paper, doesn't soften much with washing.
it seemed to work well for the first few weeks.
still worth absolutely every penny!!
i tried a couple of these types of pillows first.
i felt sooo relaxed.
this is a great body pillow.
it's a nice back rest when you do it like a cinnamon roll and stuff like that.i definitely recommend it!
with the snoogle, my head rests comfortably on the "c" end and i put the "j" end between my legs.
my hands usually end up hugging the pillow and i switch off on sleeping on my right and left sides.
since i use it every day, it has gotten flatter over time, but it still works and i start my 39th week tomorrow!
still, it has been the best financial investment during my pregnancy!
now my dog thinks it's wonderful because he has a new bed/toy!!
helps you to get into position for a great nights sleep, and have recommended to many over the years
this pillow is awesome, super comfy!!!
that said, i love the shape and the support the pillow gives.
also, i wish i had gotten one of those full body pillows that allows you to switch sides and have the same support - i tried to use more pillows on the open side, but that rarely worked.
the only downfall is that it creates a barrier between my and my husband in bed but i can live with that for a good nights rest!
i highly recommend it.
i didn't use it for nursing the baby, but i have a friend who did and they said it was great for that as well.
at 7 months pregnant it provides the support i need by taking pressure off your hips and belly when side sleeping during pregnancy.
and i am an avid back sleeper, but this helps me to sleep on my side more.
i wish i bought this pillow for my first pregnancy!
we share our bed with our toddler & we are comfortable with this pillow on the bed.
it does work!
it's super easy to use, intuitive, and takes up so much less space.
would definitely recommend.
could of minor issues though...
i'd highly recommend washing first (common sense, but again, didn't realize the cover came off).
i'll sew up the tear, but the quality of the cover that comes with the pillow isn't great.
i read reviews and made my purchase accordingly.
it takes up a lot of space in the bed, but that is a minor drawback considering how comfortable this pillow is.
super comfortable and fits the body perfectly, every little nook and cranny was considered in the design of this pillow.
i'm 6 months pregnant with twins and it supported my belly nicely but realistically its just not good when you have to change positions.
sure the model looks comfortable in her position but she's being paid!
i like the support that it provides for my head/neck/growing belly.i read some reviews that mentioned the pillow case was scratchy.
super comfy and since i am a side sleeper it supports my legs nicely.
very good purchase!
the shape works great with one side holding my neck well and the other side between legs.
fabric is ok but not the most comfortable.
but it was the best!
for me especially works well when laying in bed watching vids on my laptop with the addition of a small pillow under my head, just seems to sit just right for this.downsides, i am petite and really prefer a very small pillow.
also, using this on the side where you get out of bed makes it an adventure to get up in the middle of the night.i am still using it though because most of it is very comfortable and helpful.
going to try some of the uses it shows in the manual and will report back down the road.
she loves it and uses it every night to help with her back pain and the pressure of her growing belly.
highly recommend.
i love love love this pillow, it is my new best friend.
i originally attempted to stack and position my own pillows in our king size bed but found that it was always such a hassle if i shifted positions, went to the restroom or wanted to change sides that i was sleeping on.
it comes with an insert that shows different ways you can use the snoogle.my favorite way to sleep with the snoogle is either on my left side or right side.
i haven't found any issues with that and have found it to be adequate in height.
my belly rested very nicely on the pillow and placing the rest of the pillow between my legs helped position my body more comfortably.
i also found it comfortable to use either side as the pillow, so could easily switch from my right to left side while sleeping without (always) waking up.
definitely recommend this pillow!
the shape is real good and conforms to my body.
especially pregnant women are sweaty!
i love it now.
but if i could go back i would buy the cozy comfort pregnancy pillow ( hopefully that one maintains its shape like the snoogle)
this pillow was a great sleeping aid for the prego.
its still gets used for a body pillow.
its also great on the couch, lol!
now i use this plus one other pillow i use for under my preggo tummy - i sleep with the "spine" of the pillow along the back of my body - always.
i got this pillow early in my 2nd trimester and love it!
my amazing hubby proceeded to give me a back rub :)
i'm 25 weeks pregnant currently, and sleeping has become incredibly difficult, especially since i'm a back sleeper.
it also makes side sleeping more comfortable.
love it!
my god i love this pillow!
since it is all white, it shows dirt easily and it is hard getting the white case on and off.it is an awesome pillow though!
mine came with the pillow and a white cover.
this pillow is great!
so comfortable and durable, keeps its shape.
this pillow eliminated them  both!
i heard this was the best and most popular pregnancy pillow and i love it!
i imagine this will be nice for breastfeeding as well.i highly recommend this pillow to help with sleeping and making things more comfortable!
it's kind of like another person in our bed but it's worth it!
it's also pretty pricey but i'm glad i bought it and i have loved it so far.
a friend recommended the snoogle when i asked her about "must haves" during and after pregnancy.
i'm 5'8" and i fit very comfortably.
definitely be aware that this is a large pillow.
all in all, i'm thrilled that i bought it and wonder if i'll want to give it up even after the baby is born.
she used this daily for the last 4 months of her pregnancy, and still uses it on occasion.
i love how i can use it several different ways to provide the comfort i need during my pregnancy.
i am 7mths pregnant and had trouble sleeping but this pillow has changed that, i sleep great now!!!!!!!!!
sleep is very important!!!!!!
worth the $.
it is very comfortable and i would definitely recommend this to any pregnant woman.
i know this pillow will get many more years out of it since i will most likely still use it after my twins are born.
i loved using this pillow.
sleeping while pregnant is not an easy or comfortable task.
this pillow makes a world of difference.
it is flexible enough to fold into a variety of positions and has turned our bed into a recliner.
last go around i used a boppy body pillow, but i wasn't entirely happy with the way that one held up so i switched to the leachco.
overall this pillow has performed very well.
it is firm and holds its shape well.
they are reasonably priced and it does make laundering more convenient.
i love my body pillow.
my husband loves it as well!
it's a great pillow!
the cover is pricey, but worth it.)
and she loves it.
functionally, she loves the way it supports her body, and continues to conform to and support her as her belly continues to expand.
it helps her to sleep comfortably on her side, and is flexible enough to allow her to shift positions and still provide support.how much does she like it?
then make sure you have a big enough bed for mom, pillow, and dad!
in our experience, mom, pillow, and dad do not fit in a double or full sized bed.
it's not hyperbole.3) i can't comment on how the device might work out during hot summer nights.
i tend to think, however, that the great comfort provided by the pillow would far outweigh any temperature related discomfort which might occur.gentlemen: buy it for the pregnant lady in your life.
she's love you for it!
more comfy than my boppy body pillow from 1st pregnancy, but still not the amazing pillow i hoped for.
(to be fair, there may not be such a pillow).
still, a necessity for second half of pregnancy.
would recommend to a friend, and definitely would recommend over boppy.
i felt like i couldn't move and couldn't get comfortable.
way over-priced.
mine sits in the corner of my bedroom.
for $20 i bought a body pillow and ultra soft cover at target and i love it and sleep with it every night.
my back stays aligned, the bones in my knees aren't touching each other when laying on my side, and this huge pillow (caz it is huge) hugs me just nice and keeps me extra warm.the size: its huge ladies.
when i purchased it i threw it in the back seat of our small 4door car and it took up a good amount of space.
it helps to keep you sleeping on your side and supports your hips, belly and head.
i sometimes even catch my husband using it!
when i read jordan b.
and as an added note, the cat seems quite happy with it as well, so the whole family gives it five stars.
for now, i am very comfortable with hugging a big pillow sideways and using a rolled up fleece blanket for back support.
also, it ripped at the end within the first month.
if you're pregnant, buy this pillow right this second.
so comfy and helps me sleep so good!!
i love this pillow.
then i come back and get comfortable in a different position (facing the snoogle hugging it).
well, thanks to this pillow, i haven't had any problems with my lower back at all in this pregnancy.
i plan to still use it.
that is true, but most of the time i don't feel it.
its also gigantic and takes up a lot of space.
the snoogle is a very cuddly and comfortable pillow for the legs and belly.
it was nice that it came with cover.
i can't speak to the specifics of being pregnant, but i can tell you from a dad's perspective that my pregnant wife really, really loved this thing.it's big.
that was a battle i was determined to win because clean linens are my happy place.all in all, it was still worth the purchase and gave me many good nights sleep.
when i first bought snoogle, i loved it, as it was perfectly supportive as promised.
snoogle's cover is very snug, without a hint of stretch.
finally, today, i put snoogle's cover back on, and after a half-hour of twisting, writhing, cursing and taking two breaks ...
buy a straight but fairly flexible body pillow.
on a positive note, this pillow feels great tucked under my belly and between my knees for support.
the pillow does take up a bit of space in our queen size bed, but it has never been in the way for him.
not like my huge fort knox of pillows was smaller!
but do note that it's a nice wall between you and hubby.
also, the covers are terrible, always wiggling off and exposing the center of the pillow.the "c" shape presents an interesting question- put it towards the middle of the bed, or the edge?
i chose middle, which means sleeping more on my right.
this pillow is wonderful.
there are a number of ways to manipulate it to support whatever part of you happens to be aching that day.
i use it to support my back, belly and neck mostly.
i also purchased a wedge for my tummy - i look like a cocoon of pillows!
i found a replacement cover made by the company that is 100% cotton and it cost $30!
i thought that was kind of rip.. bringing the cost of pillow to a whopping $80?
i still love this pillow though.
i love laying facing the long part of the pillow and away from it.
i look forward to using it with the different layouts they gave with the pillow!
love this pillow!!!
it is a big pillow; however, i am able to fit the pillow, myself and my husband easily in our queen-sized bed.
i use it not only for sleep, but i also fold it up and use it as back support when laying up in bed, which is an added bonus (it comes with instructions on multiple ways to fold and use)!
i will be purchasing this for all pregnant friends/family in the future.update:  i had to have an episiotomy when delivering my son, and the snoogle pillow was such a blessing to have when it came to recovery.
i love cuddling with it and now that i am about to give birth i find the pillow that much more supportive!
i highly recommend.
i am very pleased with my purchase!
i love this pillow.
the chiropracter recommeded sleeping with a pillow between my legs, but it always felt awkward.
this really does help align my back so that the pain isn't as bad.it comes with a sheet that shows additional ways to use it during pregnancy and after.
plus that always gave me a crick in my neck and this way doesn't anymore.it's not that bukly in bed.
it doesn't push my husband out of the bed so that works out for him.
he never has to deal with it.the bonus of this pillow is that my 2 1/2 year old son loves it.
you can do a swirl position with it (the card you get with it shows you) and i put my son in the middle.
i read tons of reviews on amazon of different pillows, and this one was the cheapest with the best review.
when i read reviews all over the internet, women spouted that *this* is the best pillow on the market.
so i excitedly added it to cart and awaited the arrival of my new comfort.
keep in mind, tall moms like me may find that it's a bit short.cons -the width of the actual pillow part is very narrow.
i found it scratchy on my skin.
it's versatile: you can fold it into different shapes for various needs.
ago and it started to have a crease in the middle.
even at first.
but because it's a solid stuffing, it hasn't lost it's shape yet.
the rectangular ones) aren't your thing, this is worth a shot.
but if you move around a lot, it might not be worth blowing the $50+.
i still benefit from an extra pillow under my knee/leg, for extra lift, but this pillow is amazing.
i had a love-hate relationship with this pillow throughout my pregnancy.
it is large and took up most of our queen size bed, but really came in handy, especially toward the end of my pregnancy.
the snoogle seemed perfect.
there are multiple sleeping positions with the pillow - you can use it to cradle your back or your belly.
i love the versatility and that if i roll over i can just cradle it the opposite way.
it is a back, neck and life saver!
bought this in a fit of being uncomfortably pregnant.
thank god.
if mama aint happy, aint nobody happy.
at around the 5 month mark in my pregnancy the aches and sleepless nights hit.
that's when i went in search of a good pregnancy pillow and found the embarrassingly named, but effective snoogle.
it's also easy to coil up and put under your legs for considerable height and support (i imagine it would be great for back problems or elevating a sprain) - plus the fact that it can twist around so easily makes it easy to fold up and store.the cover has worn well - and it's stayed clean and plush.
just make sure you have a big enough bed or a partner who's willing to share with your newest sleep buddy.
when you first get this body pillow it will be extra firm.
best thing for pregnancy.
pregnant) it is just sooo big and to be honest, it kindof annoys me that i'm 2 or 3 feet away from my husband as we sleep.
it is rough and coarse and does not feel particularly good against my skin.
my advice?
buy the pillow and take off the white cover.
give it to a friend who knows how to sew along with $20 and ask her to please indulge you and whip up a cover made of nice quality cotton.
i absolutely love it.
first of all.
i love this pillow, and my husband tried it and loved it too.
washing the cover is a little challenging cuz it's hard to put the cover back but overall a great pillow.
i have a large belly, yet i am small in size.
i even recommend it to others with back problems (men and women.)
now that i'm nearly through my second pregnancy, this is starting to get pretty squashed and i'm back to using additional pillows as well.
this pillow is incredible!
it works amazingly in many different positions and it wraps around my body very comfortably.
gets old quick, esp as i'm up 4-8x/night; and (4) when it's in the middle of the bed, my husband tends to hug it as a body pillow, further complicating this extrication/flipping process.
yes, this is a large pillow that will take up bed space, but in a queen there's plenty of room for a snoogle, two normal-size people, and even a couple cats.
it definitely relieved a lot of the pressure and stress on my body, and it definitely helped make my sleeping time much  more comfortable.
it helps support your back and hips.
also, i have a couple small male dogs, they like to sometimes mark new items and to my horror they marked my pillow.
i washed it and dried it in my washer and dryer and it came out perfect!
i love this pillow and highly recommend it.
first, i can't get comfortable with it because it forces you to assume a certain position (either with the pillow behind your back or front).
my advice - not worth the money if you are a tosser and turner.
but it's worth it to know i'm staying on my side.almost a year later and i wish i could give this more stars!!
i loved it all through pregnancy - it kept me comfortable when i got huge and i was so very glad to be able to sleep.
i'm updating because my husband is sleeping on it now after hurting his back today.
this pillow sounded like the best thing in the world.
loved this pillow w my 2nd pregnancy (wore it out and didn't like it w my 3rd).
price is great.
highly recommend buying a cover for it.
i gave birth back in january and i still use it---it's just that comfortable.
i also like that you can use it in other positions (it shows you on the package).
the snoogle stays the same shape and makes my back and hips soooooo happy!
i highly recommend!
i'll stick with my pillow arsenal - it's not ideal but it's free and works just as well as this.
it is big though, so if you are sharing a small bed with someone it will be an adjustment.
and you can forget about going to sleep snuggled with your partner!4) the straight back portion doesn't do a great job of conforming to my body, so it doesn't always give support where i need it.
the curves are perfect for my arms and legs to wrap around and i am a side sleeper.
washing the pillow cover also sucks but it's still worth it for the many comfy positions i could use.if you're looking for more tips on the best baby products out there, visit the websit allmomsareperfect.com.
i definitely like sleeping with this better than just a normal pillow under my head and between my legs.
this is nice because once you get to the point in your pregnancy when you aren't allowed to lay on your back, you feel as if you never get the chance to really stretch your body (and belly) out.all in all, i am glad that i bought this.
it can be utilized in tons of different ways and i found myself finding new ways to use it as my pregnancy progressed.
when i wasnt using it, my husband loved it and noticed a big difference in back pain.
baby is three months old now and this is still in our bed and being used.
i purchased this pillow when i was pregnant in 2010/2011 and i loved it.
it made sleeping a dream (pun intended).
it hugs my body and supports my hips, back, and stomach.i always recommend this pillow to my pregnant friends!
i love this pillow.
it bends easily, which is a big plus.
overall - once you get used to it - yes, it will help you sleep betteris it worth the price?that's up to you to decide.
i still have some, but sleeping with the body pillow seems to help.
i ended up using two normal pillows as body pillows - one between my knees and one to hug.
i loved it from day one and was always finding new ways to arrange it in order to get comfortable at night.
my husband loves it too and uses it any time that i don't.one of the best (and most long lasting uses) is for breastfeeding.
my son is only 2 1/2 months old and weighs 16 lbs so having this pillow be so large and supportive is a huge plus.
when i first received it, i looked on the back of the cover and it showed 10 or so different ways you can arrange the snoogle - for lower body, upper body, as a wedge, etc.
needing extra back and stomach support while lounging on the couch?
it also ripped right on the inside of the curve where my shoulder hit it.
it is the most comfortable thing i've ever laid on in my life!!
the pillow provides excellent support for your whole body and even curls around your neck so that you have a head-pillow.
it's great!
i highly recommend this pillow to all pregnant women....and non-pregnant women, as well!
my fiance and daughter even love it!!
i did like the &#34;curl&#34; around the top, and that i could position part of the pillow between my knees, the filling is really not all that comfortable though (i am used to sleeping on a memory foam pillow).
some nights i would kick it out of bed before morning rather than struggle with moving it.it's great if you need extra heat and don't move a lot when you're sleeping.
this is a highly recommend item!
i recently got this pillow and i cannot tell you how wonderful it is!
it is incredibly comfortable, and easy to move around with if you like to flip over.
it also comes with a sheet that shows you tons of different ways to use it (more than is shown online!)
worth every penny!
she is very happy with this pillow and says it provides plenty of support.
as a former massage therapist, i knew the importance of proper sleep support (pregnant or not)!
i was quite pleased with the support, and it fit in our queen size bed with my husband and i (and large dog at the foot of the bed).
i found that the snoogle didn't quite give the full neck support that my body needed.
most of the stuffing in the snoogle's curved top and bottom are along the outside of the curve.
the modified positions don't quite give the support to the front of my body as it does when used as instructed.
i gave it a second chance without my pillow, but woke up again with soreness and a headache.i was also not impressed with the fabric.
it will be great for the similar use of a boppy pillow, and will also be great for breastfeeding since it can be molded into different positions.
i've heard that some people love it and can't sleep without it during pregnancy...
now i'm almost 7 months and it definitely provides the support i need.
plus it's a nice barrier to keep my husband from kicking me in the shins in his sleep, but that's another story.
also, i tend to flip sides a lot throughout the night especially when wakeful.
you pretty much need to get out of bed, flip the pillow over, then crawl back in and adjust if you want to change sides.
for me, putting a smaller pillow between my legs worked best.
great for those who can't get comfortable in bed!
not only did the pillow help me avoid rolling onto my back, it also provides great support and comfort.
now 6 months pregnant i still sleep amazingly well at night.
the pillow is great in all positions described/shown.
the part under your belly doesn't line up right and is too firm for comfort.
i bought a $10 body pillow from a local store and love it.
i loved this pillow!
my dog loves it though....i curl it up like a cinnamon bun and my cocker spaniel climbs into the middle of it and snuggles in.
if it doesn't work for you the first time - it won't work better later.
plus as my belly gets bigger it provides wonderful support under it as well.
there are many different positions in which you can use it.
i find it comfortable for supporting my legs and my top arm (that top arm being supported is critical for comfort with a broken sternum) when sleeping on my sides.
i also sometimes use it for modified back sleeping with the bottom loop under my knees and one side propped under one side of my back.
the one draw-back is that the head rest part is not always the right height but i don't know how they would/could fix that.
i think this pillow could be useful for non-pregnant patients with broken sternums as it helps make the 3 available sleeping positions (back and two sides) more comfortable.
i'm not sure how i would have felt about the bobby - but i am in love with my snoogle!!!
it will take up a lot of room in the bed.. but its worth it for sleep!
love love love!!!
will definitely use in future pregnancies and recommend to anyone who has trouble getting comfortable.
worth the trouble though.
i'd definitely recommend it, it's nice using one pillow instead of 4.
i'm a back sleeper, so this helps keep me on my side and the part that goes behind your head is nice because it keeps the acid reflux down.
i used this for most of my pregnancy and i love it.
it truly helps me with my level of comfort when comfort decreases with every passing night.
so it is okay, and worth it while you are pregnant, but it isn't really for a daily use multi-year or multi-pregnancy pillow.
it is considerably large but there is still room for husband in the bed.
its easy to get comfortable.
the fabric is, as others have said, not very good quality and itches if your bare skin touches it.
i'm 5'6" tall, so you can use that as a measurement tool if you like.
for now, it is wonderful!
but overall, i was very happy with this purchase.
yes this pillow will take up extra space in your bed but it's definitely worth it to have a happy wife.
my belly (even later in pregnancy) never lay on top of the pillow like that.
it is good for support between the legs and somewhat under the belly or behind your back.
however, it is very comfortable and perfect for pregnancy.
they are definitely better but not for use overnight.
these are very soft on the inside and absorbent, and slightly pretty thanks to the lace.
love that these have the one side that doesn't leak through.
i produce a lot of milk and during the day these are perfect!
my mom have ones almost exactly like this and she loved them, then we found these and i love them and my sister loves them.
i like that these pads are very soft and cushiony; that's great for sore nipples.
very comfortable!
these are excellent.
i always wore these even when i wasn't really leaking anymore because my nipples were sensitive and i didn't like them touching my bra.
my second son loved to put a "boobie pad" on his ear while he was nursing from 12 months + and would actually find one of these in the laundry basket to snuggle with for naps :).
could be reused and easy to wash.
pure cotton touchs comfortable for my wife.
i purchased 2 packs of these pads with my first child 4 years ago.
they still come in a great washable mesh bag, but the new pads are smaller and using very different materials than my first sets.
the nuk ones stay put and were a bit thicker, and washed well.
i have tried a few types of nursing pads, and these are the ones i personally prefer.
also, the washing bag that comes with the breast pads are great to use for baby's socks, hand mitts, etc.
i highly recommend these!
these where a great find.
these pads are a great way of protecting the environment.
they fit in the bra snugly and are easily washable.
these are very absorbent and are soft against your skin.
these arrived and i put them on right away.
however, i leaked right though them!
i use the disposable one by lansinoh and i love them.
i liked these and still use them sometimes, but they do not absorb as much as the disposable kind, especially at night time when you tend to get engorged.
not fun to wake up covered in breast milk.
the philips washable is definitely better than my medela washable.
finally, the philips feels a lot better on your skin as well.
they are comfortable to wear, and more importantly, they are discrete under clothing!
i love the look and feel of these.
very soft against the skin.
they have great absorbency.
love these pads.
they ar small, yet absorbant.
i am a size 38b with full milk in breast so fairly small boob size and these do not show up under my clothing.
a great price for awesome quality!!
i like the look of these, the lace on the outer layer is cute, but they don't hold moisture well at all.
they're also very thick, which makes them very noticeable under a shirt.
if you want a great cloth nursing pad, get bamboobies - they're way more absorbent, thinner, less noticeable, and cuter.
otherwise the quality seems great and they absorb what i need them to absorb.
these are pretty absorbent.
soft and the right size.
these were highly recommended to me from a friend so i decided to try them out and love them also.
like those pads!
this is a nice option to the disposable ones.... easy to wash and comes with its own bag for washing.
i found that i leaked out the sides of these quite a few times.
bummer, but i ended up layering them on top of bamboo ones and they worked very well for overnight use.
these are awesome!
the lace is actually pretty and you can tell the right side even in the dark!
not worth the cost.
i thought that these would be great, to be able to just wash them and reuse them.
these are perfect when your milk supply is not as great.
they aren't large enough to cover a good amount of area.2.
and most importantly, they aren't super absorbent.
i wish these worked well.
i used the avent disposables which are the absolute best,  so i thought their washables would be good as well.
i love these!
they're very comfortable and soft, and they work great!
love them!
comes with nice small nylon bag to wash them in.
super comfy and absorbant.
my niece loved these pads.
because you wash and reuse them they are even better.
its durable and very nice lacy design.
the breast pads are soft and they absorb well.
these pads work great..
i like the lace--it does help prevent slipping.
these are great.
i use these regularly and find them to do a good job.
i mostly use them at home and as a second layer when needed inside of a disposable.
would recommend washing before first use though :)  highly recommended.
the philips avent washable nursing pads is a big help when i'm at work doesn't get wet easily and worth the price.
wasn't impressed with the avent washable nursing pads for the following reasons:- material is non-absorbant- material is not as soft as other options available- pads stick to nipples- lace on the outside can be seen through bra/nursing tank- small circle creates a strange raised bump seen from outside
i don't leak very much by my standards but these are definitely useful at giving me peace of mind.
i stopped buying other brands and now own 18 (3 sets) of them and they are holding up nicely with the frequent washing.
these seemed like they might be similar in size, comfort, and affordability.
these are perfect for the job.
highly absorbent and prevents &#34;leak through.&#34;  also better for the breast since some silicone pads just occlude the breast and have been linked with increased instances of mastitis.
keeping is simple over here with these cotton nursing pads.
loved these.
and they look almost brand new and ready for next time
good price and easy to use.
very convenient storage.
this organizing station works great with the wipe warmer.
worked out great.
can't beat the price.
i bought one of these for both my house and lake house.
the dresser top diaper depot is a great thing to have in the nursery.
the prince lionheart wipe warmer sits perfectly on top of it.
it has really organized the changing area for us.
i highly recommend it!
keeps all the diapers, lotions and creams organized.
it doesnt move around and its sturdy.
so worth it :)
this thing was awesome to keep diapers, wipes, and creams organized all with in arm's reach of the changing pad.
holds a good amount of diapers, even when they're the bigger sizes.
keeps your changing table looking neat.
a friend purchased this for us because she loved the one she had.
i have to say it has been a wonderful organizer and space saver.
it keeps our diapers, wipes and grooming tools at arms reach and looking nice and organized.
a really great item!
i have a munchkin diaper organizer that i love.
that said, the plastic of the plh depot is sturdy and the pieces fit together well.
we love this diaper depot!
the one downstairs is on a bit of an unsturdy table that's about 4 feet from the ground.
the top will snap off but hasn't broken at all.
it's really taken a beating & still looks great!
it holds between 20-25 diapers, depending on size, and the 2 side bins hold a decent bit.
i'd highly recommend and have found it to make diaper changes so much easier!
the plastic is sturdy enough.
we've used this since my son was born and i love it!
this fits perfectly on our dresser next to the changing pad.
thanks!
i really needed a diaper caddy for my newborn and this works perfectly.
i have a prince lionheart wipes warmer that fits perfectly on top, and the side containers hold all the lotions and creams i need for her.
very pleased with this purchase.
i have a dresser/changing table combo and this organizer is a perfect fit!
i am able to fit everything i need for a diaper change, with room to spare!
i love that the diapers are at my fingertips.
it isn't really noticeable when you look at it, but i just like everything to be perfect.
the price is definitely right and so far i am very happy with this purchase!
i love this diaper organizer.
i love that i can remove the side containers, i have both of mine sitting on one side because of the size of my changing table and it works great.
this is great as a diaper organizer.
this is the second kind of organizer we bought and i can't say enough about how well it works
it looks exactly as shown on the picture and its good size, fits enough items and looks pretty on my dresser.
a great organizer!
this unit is ideal for organizing a small space and keeps everything that i need for a diaper change at my fingertips.
this item works great it doesn't move, and holds a good amount of diapers so it only has to be refilled every few days.
the wipes go on top and the wipe bin doesn't move at all.
simple and easy.
i needed something to use on top of my changing table and not hanging on the side.
this works great!
super easy to clean and stays in place without sliding.
it's really easy to use and holds up great!
we even mounted it to our wall with 3m stickies and it serves as an easy access diaper depot.
worth the money!
keeps everything handy which is necessary when you have those surprise newborn diaper explosions.
it hold everything that you will need for a successful diaper change.
i love the side compartments and store my baby's after-bath essentials such as his nail clippers, q-tips and brush.
we keep this downstairs at the pack and play and our mid level diaper changing station which is adjacent to the living room.
we had been using the pockets on the pack and play to store diapers, powder etc and that was ok but this is way better.solidly made, very sturdy and holds about 2 days worth of diapers (for our 6 week old).
allows us to keep the area pulled together and tidy while keeping everything at hand for a quick diaper change.we ordered two and love them!
its so handy and holds diapers from newborn to size 6!
i'd definitely recommend this for any diaper station.
the depot keeps everything you need to primp your baby in one small space.
we can keep anywhere from 12-14 pampers swaddlers diapers stacked on one side, and two 64 packs of pampers sensitive wipes on the other.
the depot is worth the buy!
not even an average size bottle of cornstarch can fit in it.
i returned this and bought a large basket that i keep on the changing table edge and just put all my supplies into.
i do like it though because it saves space on my daughter's dresser with changing pad.
it's convenient and easy and saves space, which is a premium in my world!
i give it 4 stars because of the packaging and crack...
this is exactly what we needed to organize the top of our dresser that we converted to a changing table.
it fits perfectly on top of our dresser and with the lionheart wipes warmer on top.
it is perfect for the wipes warmer, but you could just as easily use it as a handy diaper depot if you're using regular diapers and a regular wipes box.
good quality and perfect for my needs!
i love it!!
maui grandparent
it holds diapers and the wipe warmer perfectly, but the side compartments are relatively small.
i can fit a regular size bottle of lotion on one side (aveeno baby) and a tube of diaper rash cream and small baby power in the other, but you can't fit the regular size baby powder, vaseline, alcohol... etc.
wonderful invention.
holds quite a few diapers and our wipes warmer along with diaper cream, hair brush, nail clippers and various other odds and ends that fit in the side containers.
it works great to corral all the little ones diapering items as well as a few of mommy's essentials as i keep it on my nightstand.
my 16 week old just transitioned to size 2 diapers and 20 fit perfectly in the organizer.
love that it pairs perfectly with the wipes warmer too!
keeps everything all in once place and organized!
still using it with my 2nd child.
love that the side compartments are removable so you can customize it to the space that you have.
we use this to organize creams, wipes and diapers on the changing table.
since we are using a regular dresser as our changing table, we didn't want our pl wipes warmer sitting directly on the wood, plus we needed storage for creams, lotions etc.
we use bumgenius 4.0 and there is simply no way i could fit one diaper, let alone a day's worth, in the cubbies.
we have to store our dipes elsewhere and just use the cubbies to hold a few extra liners.
doesn't fit my pl warmer very well and is useless for storing cloth dipes.
this helped turn the top of our bureau into a changing table.
it holds the wipes, diapers, diaper cream, etc.
and keeps everything organized and easy to access!
it holds wipes and diapers and the compartments on the sides hold miscellaneous items.
it does a great job organizing all your diaper needs into a smaller compact station.
it will fit approximately a dozen diapers depending on size.
it's really useful to organize and it will go to good use over the years.
i bought brand new stuff for my baby and didnt want to have this happen.
i love it too because it is great for small spaces and it keeps things organized.
i am an ocd mother and this just helps me to keep things together.
it has plenty of space and compartments for everything i use to diaper my son.
it is so neutral, it blends right into his big boy decor, without calling attention to itself.
it's a great buy.
great item.
perfect amount of space for all that you need.
i haven't needed more space that this offers at our current changing table.
great buy
fits perfectly on the crib, helps with having the right items needed for changing time at hand.
like the material also, can be easily cleaned and sterilized.
the part that attaches to the motor/handle and the piece that allows milk through are impossible to clean.
it just makes a clicking sound.
this pump was great.
it was quick, simple and very easy to use...included a ac adapter which i found provided more power than the battiers did.
i had a monitor by fisher price and it hummed constantly, not allowing us to hear our son when he cried.
i must say, we are pleased with the monitor.
i live in a condo and have cordless phones and wireless internet.
we brought our baby home from the hospital yesterday and hooked up the monitors - they worked great...for 24 hours.
we got now greco and very happy.
i've had this monitor for 3 months now and the sound is good as far as i can hear my son breathe through it but it has a lot of static and picks up phone conversations from others in our neighborhood.
i purchased the sounds and light monitor instead ... and i'm very satisfied with the exchange.
i love this mirror!
on top of that i can clearly see my baby and make sure he is okay.i recommend this mirror to worried moms like me that like to keep an eye on their babies while driving.
it moves now and then, and i have to adjust it, but other than that it works great!
i put this mirror in my mid-sized sedan, and it works wonderfully!
the second hook worked perfectly.
there is also a strap to fit around a headrest as well.i never found that my son looked distorted in the mirror.
!my husband has an suv, and my son has to sit behind the driver's seat.
this mirror is great!
this will always be on my list of baby presents to get new parents.
i love this mirror!
it is very colorful and easy to see my baby since it is so big.
i hit every bump and hole in the road, and mine is still in place.
she has always loved mirrors and this has been a very inexpensive way to entertain her in the car.
i love that this mirror is cute and holds the baby's attention.
i also love how easily adjustable it is to different cars as we switch around on occasion.
i also think it attached the best of any mirror i found.
all in all, it does its job and is cute on top of it
i received hand-me-down mirrors and tested them out.
i love this mirror.
i put it in and was able to use the tether feature and anchor it properly.
but she loved the mirror i had purchased because of the tether feature.
kushies aios have been a fantastic compromise between traditional cloth diapers and disposables.
people who see my daughter crawling around in her kushies always say, "oh, those diapers are adorable!
if you don't they will stick together in the wash and not dry properly.
the baby will let you know if she is uncomfortable.i hope this was helpful, and good luck with your cloth diapering!
i rec'd these as a shower gift in a 5 pack 6 years ago.i loved them so much, i bought 6 more used ones on ebay.i now have a new baby.
i recommend thirsties original (not the duo wrap), because they fit great and don't gap.the diaper itself is very plush and cozy.
i use prefolds during the day, 7th generation for traveling/out and about errands running, and these at night for pee catching.they are fantastic.
they fit a very smallish baby to a medium sized tot, and they are softer with use and washes if that is possible.
)i like how they wash open, just attach the velcro tabbies so they don't catch on delicate clothes.
i hang them dry most of the time, but sometimes i will tumble and then hang dry if i need theme faster.i think 12 is a good number of these to have for solely night use especially if you use different diapers during the day, they will take you through several months and 12 is good for getting you to your next wash.i also like the cute prints.highly recommend.
my son is gigantic for his age, and also has less than zero interest in potty training.
note that this also means that they're huge under his clothes.
my son is now 6 months old.
i feel that the pee soaks through so fast because the cotton inside layer sticks out the sides around his legs.
these work wonderfully on my daughter (started using them at 6wks still using at 5 mos) and we have tried several others that didn't, including; dappi, sweet cheeks, fuzzi bunz and pre-folds.the kushie aio (all-in-one) comes in the following sizes:preemie (2-4 lbs.
/ 10-22 kg)(babies r'us sells infant and toddler sizes)babies r'us only sells gender neutral prints in packages of 5 at this time, but kushies does offer plain white and gender specific singles as well.there are no diaper covers required (or needed) as the diaper has a wonderful waterproof exterior and a super soft, 5 layer absorbable flannel interior.
it also has an attached flannel flap for extra absorbency.
if you use the additional kushie flannel liners (sold seperately) along with your diaper, it makes it even more absorbable!
and adding a strip of flushable liner (sold seperately) on top of all that makes cleanup a breeze!
have fun diapering!
and hope you enjoy your kushies as much as we have!!!
i've found using liners and just five covers works great for me.
i've got a large family and this is the fourth baby i've cloth diapered.
i expected that to a degree, but wow they're huge.
i always air-dry my diapers.
i like the thirsties aio diapers 1,000 times better, but the kushie brand ones are definitely cheaper.
i also bought the newborn diapers and she's outgrown those.
not a very good cloth diaper.
we are much happier with happy heiny's and bumgenius for all-in-ones.
i have used these diapers from months 4 through 10 (and counting) in a large rotation of other diapers (from prefolds to bumgenius organics) and finally feel qualified to write a review.
we have a small/avg baby and these definitely didn't fit him at 10 lbs, probably more like 12-14.
the fabric stays inside the waterproof, so there's no adjusting or checking to make sure it's all tucked in, and the easy one step velcro is fast.
i also don't know that they will last for another baby's worth of use, the cotton is starting to pill and the pul is getting stiff.
but at $8/diaper opposed to the bg o at $25/diaper, defintely a fabulous value.
great functionality.
they fit well and leaks are rare...usually over night if it happens.
they still work;  but can cause an irritation on our sons abdomen if not watched.
but i think it is so important to do everything that can be done to help the environment and this is a great start.
this was a great way to see how well you and your baby will do with reusable diapers.
never had a leak and i love the natural cotton.
with that said, these work, are durable and priced right!
for urine, they work well enough.
my son has gotten heat rashes from wearing these on hot days even if he's been inside most of the time.
they work great!
they come very clean, they fit great, and they're cute.
but, i love them!
this is my third child, but my first experience with cloth diapering and i really love them.
this is with three different people putting them on.
i still love the kooshies.
still not my favorite, and still stiffer than other cloth all-in-ones and pocket diapers i have.
even though they are large, they fit very well into my son's thirsties duo snap wraps size one, which was my initial concern.
for that reason, i think that it is more gentle on my son's skin--and it's softer than the other fabrics!
i will soon be ordering more and make them my sole brand.my diaper system:i use thirsties duo snap wraps with prefolds; i have tried several brands, but prefer kushies.
we used these cloth diapers as burp rags, as liners for car seats, as drool catchers when our babies were sleeping... they were wonderful!
we use them now to dust with, to soak up spills, and to scrub stains... going on almost 10 years and still going strong.
i can use them as inserts and they work fine but they don't wrap around my big boy very well.
these pre-folds are thick and absorbent!
a little pricey, but definitely worth the price.
these cloth diapers are great.
i do use them mainly for burp clothes and they are great.
super soft and wash well.
saves babies clothing from stains and wetness.
these are awesome.
i got tons of burp clothes for shower gifts, but these are the best ones.
most obsorbent and practical.
very practical.
i also had issues using snappi's diaper clips with these they are two tightly knit.
i still like gerber better but we will see in time.
i've had the kushies for a couple of weeks now and i'm pleased with them.
well worth the money you pay for these...
:)
these are great as burp cloths!
they absorb a great amount of formula since my son is quite a dribbler and they wash wondefully.
definitely not usable overnight.
i can't say whether the item shipped open from the company or from amazon but either way, i'm not impressed.
this will be the second time i have received an open/used item from amazon.
the items look as if they will be good quality after washing them.
this tub is nice with the soft, inflatable sides so if he were to tip over he wouldn't hit the sides of the bathtub.
and there is plenty of space for him to still have toys to play with.the quacker is pretty cute and my son loves to squeeze the bill to make it quack.
i also use the bill of the duck to dry my washcloths.
it's a nice drying rack.
i love it!
it's been a great investment!
well worth the money!
what a great bathtub at a great price.
perfect for the transition before they can sit in the tub on their own.
i love the ease of this tub.
it holds the right amount of water for my 7 month old to get cleaned up and still splash around.
i also love that it hangs to dry, this is a great feature.
it was a nice change from our regular bath time rituals, and i will continue to use it.
we received this second hand & began to use it once our child was 8months old.
she is very comfortable while bathing.
i also like how the ducks head keeps her away from our tub faucet.
we love this tub at our house!
it is perfect for transitioning from infant tub to the "regular" bathtub.
she loves her duck tub and will crawl towards it saying "duck!
i highly recommend this and i will be giving it at baby showers in the future!
it is easy to clean.
it does not use excessive water which i appreciate for ecological and economical reasons!
definitely worth it.
this bathtub is great, but it only works for children who can sit up without support and even then, it probably won't last past a child's 2nd birthday.
anything that will last longer and is multi-functional is greatly appreciated.however, like i said, it is cute enough that i bought it anyway and my son loves playing in it.
it might just be that it's fun for us adults to watch their child play in such a cute tub.
great solution for large babies.
my son was the size of a 2year old by 8 months.
this saved us as a transition from supported bathing to free-for-all in the tub.
)then some inconveniences:  1st, we put this tub inside a real bath tub.
that though, i can guarantee, will make a very wet floor as our baby loves to play with water.
this has got to be the best baby item we have purchased since our boy was born, he loves it and the soft sides mean that mum doesn't worry as much when he's in it.
pros:-versatile as a toy and great for beach.
it's pretty darn cute and makes for a great toy.
if we ever need to stay over somewhere, we take it with us as it's easy to pack up and blow up/use.-good quality, sturdy materials.
we luckily have a spare bathroom for the baby, so i just kept the duck in the tub.-suction cup is worthless.
honestly, our son had a lot of trouble sitting up.
it made us and her feel much safer and comfortable.
i started using it when my son was 6months old and still use it now that he is a year and a half.
it conserves water by not filling the tub, easy to clean, keeps his safe from slipping, great for traveling, easy to store .
.a perfect gift for any new parents.
one of the best presents i've ever received!
this tub takes second place in the bath tub category.
this was the perfect transition from the blooming bath in the sink to the big tub.
now that she's standing, it provides a cushion when she falls!
she is 9.5 months and we will probably be moving her to the &#34;big bath&#34; in the next month.
this tub definitely gave us the most bang for our buck!
this tub is great.
it is the perfect size for him and yet has plenty of room for him to grow into.
he is having fun in the bath again.
the suction cup is a nice feature.
great tub for the price.
highly recommend.
tub fit perfectly and supported my son very well.
highly recommend!
it's a safe small space for him to splash and play and easy for us to control him w out filling up the entire tub.
i love this tub for my babies.
the duck "quacks" which my kids love.
i got this for my 8 month old son and he loves it!!
this is great for our temporary apartment that is bath tub-less!
i ordered this online today and i am excited for it to come in the mail.
i received this as a gift from a friend with a couple singletons.
we love the duck!
we use a bath pillow and use it for our 4 month old.
"well, our baby was a teeny preemie and for the longest time we washed her in a hard plastic baby tub inside our bathtub.
then one day our baby discovered the joy of splashing and nearly flooded our kitchen.
you squeeze its nose and it quacks.
three months later it is still in great condition and baby still loves it.would recommend!!
our daughter loves this seal tub.
our son loves this bath tub!
i love that it is his own inflatable tub within our tub.
makes me feel like he is a lot safer bathing.the duck is super cute and fun for him to play in.
good buy!
this is a great tub.
the duck is definitely large, so it can be an issue with a small space.
i can easily drain it by flipping it but it's ok that it is there.2 - i never use the plug because it does take a few to get it fully aligned3 - the quacking beak is nice but my kid can't reach it - so i just squeeze it for her.
however, if you use your hand to direct the water from your tap, you can easily create a spray to fill it.
so that's not a huge issue.5 - the suction cup isnt that useful.
when we first bought our baby home, we needed a place to bathe him.
it worked well and we got good use out of it.
then my wife found this munchkin inflatable tub which we're using at the present time.the inflatable tub works well.
it fits our tub well and the kid loves it.
does the kid really appreciate the duck and recognize it?
that corny stuff is for the adults and taking pictures.
but the tub itself works well.
i just open the plug and wait for the water to leave (holding the plug open with one finger speeds the process).
our 5 month baby loves it.
and is very practical to any travel, inflates very easy and our baby stays firmly on it with very low risk of drawning.
perfect!
it was a great transition from the infant tub on the kitchen counter to the giant bathtub.
we used it for almost a year without any issues or air leaks.
we used this for a fun bath experience for our child.
we even put it outside a few times and gave our child an outdoor bath which was a blast!
our child loved watching the birds while playing in the tub (kind of a bathtub, baby swimming pool)i wouldn't use this until your child can sit up on their own.
our daughter is on the small side.
the primo eurobath is still plenty big for our daughter at 22 months and will be for a while.
however, beware that your child must also still be pretty small for this duck tub to be worth it for you.
it's adorable and appears well made -- it's just very small.
this duck was more of a fun purchase we thought we would take with us when we travelled.
especially considering the baby stays nicely surrounded by water with much less water than filling the tub.after every use, we hung it up to dry and only ever had to top off the air once.excellent value and usability factor!
yes, totally adorable, fits nicely in regular sized tub, my daughter loved it.
our first one lasted approximately 3 months before it sprung several air leaks and we had to refill it with air daily.
my babies kind of liked this duck tub but they love the tub seats soo much!!
graduated my daughter to this tub at about 6 months after she outgrew her infant tub, and we both love it.
sturdy but lightweight, it's perfect!
this is the most adorable tub i've ever seen.
she absolutely love it!!!
the duck itself is great, it is big enough to fit my baby with room to grow and small enough to fit into the tub (we have a standard size tub).
this has been the best bath investment we made for our son!
the quaker on the duck's bill still wokrs and it has a handy suction cup so we stick it to the back of the tub wall when done.
it drains nicely.
this allows a little flap in the valve to open and let air in.
we highly recommend this tub as it is durable and fun!
we just squeak the duck's bill and our son comes running for his bath!
love this bath tub for my baby.
solved our bathtime problems!
as soon as my son started sitting up on his own, we got this bathtub, and i as well as my son are just absolutely in love!
my son is now 15 months, and i still have him in this tub, and plan on using it until he just doesnt fit.
also, the little piece of plastic on the bottom of the tub that turns white when the water is too hot is a wonderful tool.
my son gets so excited at bathtime now ever since we have had this bath tub.
it is comfortable, colorful, and just his size.
for the price, i highly recommend this little tub for that fun transition period of bathtime.
we are very happy with this tub.
it was great for transition from infant tub to the big tub.
its nice quality and when you squeeze the duck bill it quacks!
our baby girl loves it!
: )
i used this when my son was 5-11 months in the tub and loved it.
one of my top ten baby products.
once your baby can sit up, it is the perfect tub.
we were able to use it until our son turned about 10 1/2 months and was able to start climbing out.
he loved it, and it kept him safe.
and she loved that it was a duck.
it's so wonderful for that price.
and it really is a great transition to the big bath tub.a definite must buy.
once it's on everything works good, my boy likes it and i'd buy it again.
i received this tub as a shower gift and i love it!it's ideal for when your baby becomes a sitter.
the hot indicator at the bottom, also a plus..
bath time is an essential part of our bedtime routine, so tub time must be both relaxing and fun, or both baby and parent get frustrated.my daughter is now 10 months and still using this tub, but it's time to get a longer one or use our bathtub.
happy bathing everyone!
there are a few down sides, though.
our bathroom (and apartment in general) is pretty small, and the duck, when blown up, is pretty big.
my son loves it.
throw a few toys in and it's a fun play place!
we used this for each of our three children.
it's a great buffer from sink to tub.
also great as a mini pool outside on those hot summer days!!
a great value and it deflates for easy storage when your child outgrows it.
great transition tub.
in the first one you squeezed his beak and it quacked, it was so cute and our son thought it was just hilarious.
but still a good 1st tub out of the plastic infant tubs.
so, being a new mom, i looked at all of the reviews on amazon for baby bathtubs and i thought that if everyone loved the primo eurobath, i'd get that one, even though it didn't look so great to me!
well, i should've listened to my instincts, because when i got the tub, it seemed huge, but i tried it anyway....and my daughter hated it!
well, when i saw this one, i thought it couldn't be more perfect, because it's cute and would probably help distract her a little bit, especially since it quacks (via an electronic device in the beak)!
i also bought her the crayola floating art desk ($[...]), and she loved that!
she loved this!
wonderful for transition from infant tub to big tub!
i have definitely got my money's worth!
:)
i wasn't sure about this one, but i must say it is amazing for traveling.
it makes his bath time fun!
it's been in use for about a month now, traveling to three different cities, and so far, we love it.
it's fairly easy to inflate (especially if you have a pump).
the inside of the tub where the baby sits has nice ridged lining to keep the baby from slipping.
compared to a standard bathtub, this inflatable tub is just safer and more convenient.
but that's a minor flaw compared to the overall greatness of this tub.
highly recommended!
everything was wonderful and the duck is excellent.
they were laughing and squealing and splashing all over.the sides are a great height for them to hold onto and keep themselves balanced and they are durable as well...even when both my girls lean on the same side it doesn't smoosh down.this has really made bath time easier and more enjoyable for me and especially more enjoyable for them.it only takes me about a minute to blow this up.
temperature gauge says hot when its just warm.. hard to use because the head and the tail get in the way..otherwise it is a good travel tub
my daughter loved this tub (and the quacking).
it is great for storing soft toys and  baby loves to remove all the toys and get inside.well worth the price what ever the use.
would make a great and useful gift.
purchased this as my 7 month old son outgrew his baby bath but wasn't quite stable enough for the big bath without some serious help.
this ducky is cute and does a great job of keeping him contained.
it deflates and inflates pretty easily.
just buy it-- you will be happy you did.
at first our 9 month old daughter didn't like it.
it fits great.
her head rests nicely on the tail part.
we loved this tub for bath time and for hot summer days outdoors.
we always felt safe putting them in this tub and we saved space in the bathroom by attaching it by suction to the shower walls when it wasn't in use.
bought  for trips but we ended up  using for everyday and baby loves it, keep her warm through the bath time, cozy, baby likes to play with duck!
the bottom has a texture so that the baby won't slide around, and the duck's tail is nice for leaning his head back to wash/rinse.
it's a bit smaller than i hoped, but i've come to terms with its size because the smallish size means that the baby can brace his legs against the sides to aid in sitting up, which is helpful.
for the price, it's a great buy!
super portable.
use it on a trip.
takes up no space when deflated and is perfect for stays at grandma's or on vacation.
we used it for two kids and four years before retiring it.i bought a new one for my 5-month-old and just returned it.
all hail the ducky tub.
my daughter likes that it is big enough for her splash around in and stretch her legs out in but small enough that she feel safe.
the bath fills with air quickly and stays inflated, which is a novelty for me in the world of baby inflatable stuff.
he kicks back against the tail and chills occasionally.
he has such fun bath time now, he sits in it very well, splashing and playing.
he is 26" and slim (preemie baby) but there is lots of room to spare and if he does fall back he bounces off the sides.
our tub has not deflated at all and we've had it 2 months!
this is perfect for our 10 mo son to clean up in and have fun doing so :)
a nice product really.
very cute.
this bath is the best!have one that has been used nearly every day for a year and still looks great and works well.bought an extra bath for travel and sleepovers at granparents.
love this bath.no slipping and getting hurt.
love this duck tub, my son likes to play in it and fits well, he's 8 months but almost reaches the other side of the tub which is ok. easy to drain and easy to blow up and deflate when needed.
this is a great bathtub- i can't believe how inexpensive it is compared to many others.
i love how easy it is to use and drain.
we love it!
i bought the red tub with the cars theme and was absolutely horrified to watch my 14 month old flip around, and tip over and nearly go under water a few times, even though i was right there.
it will be great in a few months.
he's about 33-34" tall, and still fits in the duck!
highly recommend!
:) so i think its wonderful.
this a nicely designed inflatable tub.
grandma loves it.
it is fairly large and safe feeling.
our son likes it so much we may use it as an everyday tub.
this is such a great tub and our son loves it!
our son outgrew his infant tub but isn't ready for the full bathtub yet.
the duck tub is fun.
use your best judgement and don't trust your child's safety to a cheap piece of plastic!
my daughter absolutely loves this bath tub.
she is comfortable in it and loves the bath more because of the duck
we had this duck bath tub from july to november of the same year.
the duck is great for baby baths!
it's very easy to use.
it's completely quiet and discreet, and requires no electrical source, so it's convenient to use at work.
it takes only a couple of minutes to disassemble and clean (i would definitely recommend the avent steam sterilizer as well - makes sterilizing incredibly easy).
this pump is pretty good for those times when you want a manual pump.
it is compact and you can use it anywhere.
i have a nice playtex embrace pump that i can use in my car and at work, but there are times when i can't lug my big carrying bag around and the isis works great in these situations.i have taken it to theme parks (we left the baby at home with a sitter because of the heat, etc) and i just put the pump inside a soft cooler bag along with an ice pack and a couple of bottles.
i tried the medela harmony.
wow, that pump was wonderful!
it was also much easier to clean than the avent and i got out a record of 5 1/2oz in twenty minutes!
this is a great little pump.
it is affordable, which is one of the features that makes it is great (having a baby, especially the 1st one, is expensive enough).you can use the avent bottles and magic cups interchangably for milk storage, so there are fewer things you have to wash.
this is awesome because there isn't much time for working around the house with a new baby.this pump also stores quite well in the avent microwave steam sterilizer.
it is a great way to get more use out of those bottles.i noticed that there are extra parts available for this pump.
this one is easy to use and quiet.
unfortunatley, breast milk always got between the suction and the funnel (which enables the breastpump to pump).
i've returned to work and my son is exclusively breastfed.
it's very easy to use and i was able to express a lot of milk very quickly with this pump.
i highly recommend it!
i used the medela, and it works well.
also, the company was excellent to work with.
they shipped me the part overnight at their own expense.
there were so kind and supportive of getting the part in my hands so i could continue to pump & nurse.it is worth every penny!
first of all, the instructions are not user friendly.
during the process of pumping, the valve that creates the suction would become loose and i would have to unscrew the bottle and press it back into place.
i also purchased the sterilizer which works great.
however, the instructions insist on sterilizing the pump after each use.
and for all the reasons listed above, i find this pump to be overpriced and not worth buying.
it is quick, comfortable, and convenient.
this is the perfect pump for working mothers (or if you just want to pump so you can rest at least once a week!).
the back to work version can be easily put together with a small cooler and some ice packs.
this pump is great!
easy cleanup and i was extremely happy with it.
it works ok for me - quite a learning curve developing a technique to use it.
still, sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.
:/i use a fast letdown rhythm for 2-5 minutes per side to a flow started.
also, mine is far from silent.
i bought this because i read good reviews and i liked how the avent bottles mimic the breast.
i love this for the following:-it's small and easy to carry.
they say electric is best , not always true.
with the avent i just take out the flowered soft cup and use it as is and i am fine.
i found this pump, and since i loved all of the othe avent products, i thought it would be great!
it will be great when we take a 12 hour road trip in a month!
i also love that you use the bottles as storage containers and all you have to do is pump and serve or store and defrost!
we bought it, tried to use it, and threw it away.
avent has to re-engineer their products.
it is comfortable to use, easy to put together, and compact to carry around.
this pump truly is wonderful...don't give up until you've taken this pump for a test ride!
i ran out to buy this at the suggestion of the hospital's lactation consultant right after delivering our daughter in november.
i just had my second baby and am still using my original isis breast pump that i used with my first child four years ago.
for what i have used it for it has been great and is very easy to use and clean.
and the isis is very comfortable to use.
recently, while on vacation i misplaced the membranes for my "medela, pump in style breast pump", which are vital for operation.
the spare parts were safe at home, and with a hungry boy on my hands, i was in a predicament.
i am amazed by the comfort, control and power this little hand pump provides.
in addition, i enjoy the convenience of not having to be "plugged in" and the reduced amount of bottles to wash.
weelllllll, this pump works 100% better!!!
also the isis pump doesn't hurt as much as the embrace does.
it's very easy to use and clean and i love that it attatches to the bottles so i can give it right to my baby or throw it in fridge for later.
it pumps pretty quickly and is easy to travel with.
absolutely recommend it.
this pump works great.
it isn't noisey like some of the electric pumps and can be easily assembled and used.
the pump is easy to assemble and just as easy to use.
it's not realistic to use this if you are strictly pumping, but it works great and is very comfortable when i needed it for a couple times a day.
the pluses: it is small, it does work ok sometimes.
also, the wide bottles don't fit very well in the bottle compartment of my diaper bag, and my daughter is not use to the wide nipples.
1st of all very portable, easy to use, and great low price.
bought the avent isis breast pump in addition to the medela pump in style advance.
i knew i wanted to breastfeed, but i also wanted her daddy to be able to feed her occasionally, and i didn't want to feel like i could never be apart from her.
this pump is very affordable, and works very well.
it easily attaches to any size bottle avent makes, which is very convenient.
it also comes apart for easy cleaning.
it may not be quite as efficient as an electric model, but always works well.
i have been very happy with this pump.
the pump is easy to clean, and comes with spare parts.
this manual pump is comfortable to use.
first let me say that i am a member and moderator at a forum dedicated specifically to pumping breastmilk and i have experience with a hospital grade pump (medela lactina) as well as the medela hand pump.
i found the pump highly effective and delicate on my girls.
i think it might best benefit those people to invest in the pump in style.
i too have the medela pump in style but lets be honest even though it is in a stylish bag...it is still a big bag.
this pump is in a nice small bag.
and works so well!!
it is easy to clean and easy to put together and use..overall perfect!i just took a breastfeeding class awaiting the birth of my second son and they were pushing medela products and medela has come out with a pump identical to this avent that is small and portable and stylish that has better suction too... and of course is more then this avent one.
both my hands were tied up when pumping both sides.
the instructions say to assemble the pump while wet to improve the seal on the cushion and &quot;diaphram&quot;, but that still didn't help.
i am something of a treehugger and i like to use non-electric products when possible and4.
non-electric products are great if they work well, but not if they are slow, cumbersome, and less efficient.
of course every woman is different and some might find this pump works wonderfully for them, but for me it was a huge mistake to purchase.
it is nice to be able to pump directly into the bottles and store the milk in them, if you so desire.
the isis breast pump is perfect for the breastfeeding stay-at-home mom.
i used it a lot in the early months to relieve heavy engorged breasts and to help establish a good milk supply.
with this pump i was able to keep a plentiful stock of breastmilk in my freezer.
it encourages the "let-down" reflex necessary to get an effective flow to begin the pumping process.
my manuals include the lansinoh, the medela harmony and two generations of avent pumps.
these pumps are comfortable to use and generate a lot of milk, but the valve system is a small dime sized piece of plastic that pops out while pumping and easily gets lost.
those are a must for avent users.philips avent comfort breast pump valves.
this pump is cheaper than the avent, and uses the same type of valve, so unlike the medela, it is almost as effective as the avent at getting milk.
still, i prefer the avent for two reasons: first, the massage cushion on the avent has "petal" air pockets that i like, and second, the lansinoh takes much more effort to pump.
so, well, i can see certain advantages to this lansinoh (cost, bottles), it's not my favorite.
these pumps are the best.
the only disadvantages are that they are somewhat harder to assemble than the medela and can't accommodate different nipple sizes, cost more than the lansinoh and require special avent shaped bottles (usually included).
still, the assembly difference is small, and i can learn to control milk spill.
we purchased this a couple of weeks after our daughter was born.
it's been comfortable, easy to use, and easy to clean.
excellent!
this pump is the best!!!!
the pump is easy to use, has a comfy grip, and small to carry around.
also very few parts, although one part is very very small and is a hassel to keep track of.
i used this for first 2 months and it worked pretty good.
finally went out and bought the especially for baby electronic pump which is also about the same price and im now a happy pumper.
i love my boppy!
i have taken many good pictures of my little one as a baby, held her perfect.
now that she is learning to sit up, its a perfect helper..
first of all, the boppy pillow is amazing.
a "must have" for all breastfeeding moms, and a "definately could use" for everyone with young infants!
this pillow is wonderful when breastfeeding to take the pressure off you back, and keep you and baby comfortable!
when baby is newborn (0-5 months) it is awesome for promoting "tummy time", and stregnthening baby's neck and back muscles.
the boppy pillow is a wonderful product.this particular boppy pillow (rosebud luxe) is so luxurious and comfy - the cover is thick and soft and so snuggly for my little angel.
i love it!
i love my boppy, my husband loves the boppy, everyone loves the boppy!i love it for nursing my daughter he loves it for feeding her with a bottle.
he also loves to put his lap top on it on his lap.
i bought the boppy primarily to help me nurse, but i find it very akward to use, it doesn't stay in place and i can't seem to find a comfortable position to nurse with it.
the 3 stars are for baby, because she loves to be propped up and the bobby pillow is perfect for that; the way the pillow "hugs" her makes her feel secure and very comfortable.
i love my boppy!
the pattern is also so cute!
if you bottle feed, like i do now, using the boppy is a great way to still be close to your baby during feeding time.
both cover and pillow can be thrown into the washer and dryer if you get any spills on it.
the pillow is also very comfy and i like that because my daughter can eat and be comfortable at the same time.
this pillow is definitely a must have for any new baby.
it's great for nursing, tummy play and propping her up so she can see the world.
we also use it as a "chair" under her play gyms.
came as described, cute, functional, great price
we are now using this tub for our 2nd baby and i absolutely love it!
the sling does this well because the baby sits in the water but is not submerged.
it's held up really well & i highly recommend.
fits perfectly in my kitchen sink, which i think is standard size3.
this tub is great!
it fits perfectly in my kitchen sink!
i love the non-skid areas - they really work and the tub has been perfect since my baby was newborn.
i liked the look of it better than a lot of the other ones because you can easily reach the baby's whole body to bathe her.
so, get this one - it works very well and is a good buy.
the best feature about it is the newborn hammock.
it clips on both ends of the tub and helps newborns to feel secure and helps parents to wash the baby easier.
the best tub for newborns and that to me makes it worth buying.
great for both smaller (newborn) and/or larger babies.
the two different sides (reclining/sitting) really extend the life of this tub and it is an excellent value.
it performed well with and without the sling until baby started to arch his back and scoot down into the deeper part on purpose.
small enough to fit in the bathroom closet when not in use.
i keep water from faucet flowing over baby w/ an over sized washcloth to keep baby warm.
baby screamed like a banshee.
now we have option of bathing baby alone in an inflatable baby bath tub safely inside the adult tub.
this is an excellent and very affordable tub!
i ordered this for my 6 week old son and he loves it.
the sling makes it a comfortable experience for baby to relax in.
this is a great bathtub!
i use it for my one month old right in our big tub, it's perfect.
i started using the sling feature but my baby loves being in the water so i put her right in the tub and it works out well.
it was super soft and worked well in the sink.
my neighbor had the sure comfort nb-to-toddler tub and the sling feature worked so nicely!
i didn't have a large enough sink to initially bathe my son inside of, so we opted for buying a portable tub.
my son is now 7 months old and he still loves taking a bath in this.
i highly recommend it!
i registered for this tub while i was still pregnant, because it was much more reasonably priced than many of the other tubs, and got great reviews.
and it fits perfectly in our sink, which saves my back.
i highly recommend this.
this fits perfectly in our double bay sink.
i am going to purchase the primo tub since the molding looks much more effective and safe.
i had one of these before and loved it.
lol he doesn't slip because it has that foamy padding on the back and he stays in place by sitting on that "bump" it's super comfy.
we had one with our first son, but donated it to charity when we moved.
when i had our second son we purchased one right away.
if you have any questions about what tub to get, this one is by far the best we've tried yet!!!
giving a bath as a first time parent was made less terrifying by the sling.
when my daughter was big enough to do without the sling this tub fit perfectly on the floor of our tiny shower stall.
but that's a very small complaint, i love this tub!
it fits perfectly in the kitchen sink.
this is the best product.i bought it after redaing several reviews and am very happy that i got this tub for my little one.
we did not use the mesh part.
baby stays reletivly in place and he does get clean.
we will be throwing this one away as soon as our son is old enough to bathe in the bathtub.
but it is great!
i love this tub and how well it fits in our sink, but more importantly, our daughter loves it!
definitely worth the money, even at this point, and i think we'll still get a lot of use out of it!
we have loved it since day 1!!!
now she uses the regular bath part and loves it.
it's a great size and easy to clean.
highly recommend it.
my son and i love this tub.
the changing color plug is a plus, because it indicates if the water is too warm for baby.it fits perfectly in our sink too!i recommend this tub, it's great!
she is tall, so she out grew it at about by 9 months old plus she began trying to standup in it.i still recommend this one because of the shape of the bottom is the most convent for a 1 month old to a 8 mo old
this tub is wonderful the newborn phase of the tub is very secure and put me at ease during that first nerve-wracking baby bath.
this is a wonderful tub!
my one month old baby girl is perfectly snuggled as if she was on a hammock.
overall, it's a good tub that has proven good support thus far.
my daughter is 4 months old, and i still love this tub.
i use it in the bathtub, because we have a heater in the bathroom, and our kitchen is a bit cool for winter baths.
it will be great as she grows though; i won't have to buy a bath seat for a while, if ever.
i love this tub.
(we have a very small water tank that wouldn't fill the tub with enough warm water, which is being replaced as we speak...)the net hammock used as a newborn is great.
cradles baby very securely, but still allows baby to remain in water so she's not cold.the two sided option is great!
its a good buy if you have a small house/apartment!!
and he loves to splash water every where and there's no one to keep him in this toddler tub its a great buy... and we loved it at the beginning of  his bath times!!
perhaps some parents might be drawn to it because it will last them until their children are "toddlers."
good luck keeping a toddler in this thing!
when our second daughter was born we purchased a $6 infant bath sponge.
it keeps her comfy, warm, and she loves it (and it dries a heck of a lot faster than the towel ever did).
the hamock is wonderful and i use it more than just the tub.
it's been great so far.
my son is 13 weeks old and we are still using the sling.
it's easy to clean (just spray it all off with hot water after use), fits perfectly on our double kitchen sink, and my son seems comfortable in it.
this is a great tub!
my son fits really well in the newborn sling and it holds him steady so he doesn't flop around.
it's made bath time much more enjoyable for my son and myself.
this tubs hammock is very secure and safe.
it does work very well at the kitchen sink, but you still have to take it to the tub, flip it over and dry it out.
it stores easy on a changing table shelf, this is great if you have limited space.
even with this, i still rated the tub with five stars because no one should depend on a piece of rubber to keep thier baby safe, you should always check the water (your elbow is best) before putting you precious baby in the water.
it has the baby net thing that helps hold a newborn in place.
i still support his head with my hand (at 5 weeks old).
the rubber mat helps the tub walls feel warmer (rather than having the baby's skin right on cold plastic).
it also helps keep baby from slipping and adds a little padding.
the end has a cubby thats great for holding baby wash and washcloths.
the drain plugs shut and opens easily.
it fits perfectly in my sink and is easy to empty.
softer skid resistant surfaces inside the tub keep the baby from slipping and where you want him.
conveniently emptied from a drain hole, when finished it's easily dried and stored in a closet.
a great solution to an age old &#34;chore&#34;.
we just began using this with our 6 wk old.
fits nicely into our sink & holds infant well in sling.
we've had great luck with this tub.
our son has fit just perfectly.
he was then high enough up that his back didn't rest on the hump and he stayed warm in the water.it is a big tub, so we have used it in the bathtub ever since his second bath on the kitchen counter when he peed on our toaster oven.
which is sort of irrelevant to the tub, but highlights the dangers (an hilarity) of a bath in the kitchen.once he got bigger, he fit just fine in both sides of the tub.
but i bribed him with his favorite toy and now all is well.
i needed a tub that would be good for my very small son.
i decided on this tub and i have to say i am very happy.
great tub and worth every penny  my son loves to take his baths in this since the sling makes him feel safe.
this tub was a great purchase!!
the design is sleek and simple, fitting perfectly into the sink.
now he lounges in the tub itself and loves his tubby time!
i also love the convenient place to put shampoo etc!
great little tub!
well my daughter hated taking a bath in the sling.
but i finally decided, enough is enough and started giving her baths without the sling and she now likes to take a bath.
it works out really great.
i am very pleased with this tub and now, so is anisa.
the sling certainly comes in handy for newborns as it acts as an extra support for their bodies and prevents them from sliding down.
in addition, the storage area is a huge plus - the right amount to put in what you really need or use to bathe your child.
it fit great in our single sink when he was smaller, too.the insides and edges are smooth, and the "spongy" pads inside help with slippage; i keep my hands on the baby at all times, but when you're rinsing a wiggly baby's hair, holding on to him one-handed, you'll appreciate this feature.i only wish the "fresh water" basin was bigger or that there were 2, one at each end.
i'm sure this is a great tub if you were to use it.
this was a wonderful tub for our child when he was an infant.
finding an alternative was difficult and finding a place to store this huge item in our small townhome was complicated.
i love this tub.
the sling makes giving my month old daughter a bath very easy.
at first i filled it up full enough to touch her back but found that when she would slide herself down a little it would get to close to her mouth so i drained it a little and it works great.
i love that is has the holder at the end as well.
at the time, 5 years ago, it was one of the best tubs.
now we are expecting our third and plan to use this tub!!
thankfully we still have it.
it seems it will serve her well until she's ready to go into the regular bathtub.
we have a 6 week old and have no problems with this, it is made well and there's a nice piece in the middle of the tub that keeps her from slipping down too far.
this is a great tub but i don't see how our baby could use it as a toddler.
all in all, a good purchase.
this worked out nicely at first.
the netting for the tub is very helpful(which you only use the first few weeks), and stress relieving for new parents with a slippery newborn.
the sling on this tub is so helpful when bathing a newborn...perfect for nervous new parents!
my daughter is 9 months old now and still uses this tub.
we have been using this tub to sponge bath my newborn and it is great.
the hammock keeps him secure.
the hammock also help up perfectly after throwing in the washer and dryer.
the plug fits easily without leaking.
would definitely recommend.
unquestionably the best bathtub to keep your little baby secure while you use both hands to bathe him.
the hammock makes him feel very secure.
i love this tub for a few reasons:1.
sling was great for new baby's first bath as my daughter ws 6 pound at birth and cord came off at 10 days)2.
fits perfectly in my double kitchen sink which saved my back!4.
we loved this tub for our newborn.
she fit perfectly and securely in the sling.
i much prefer a tub where the body can be more submerged in warm water.
it has a hose that lets dirty/soapy water run out while you're still in washing mode but it can be plugged up for fun playing mode.
the perfect tub it fits in our double sink and my baby boy loves the comfortable sling makes bathing easy
the quality of this product is fine but we only used it 2 or 3 times and now it's just taking up a lot of space.
it easily fits into sinks and has a convenient spot to hold shampoos, soaps, etc.
once our son was able to sit unsupported we transitioned this tub to our main bathtub.
it easily hold baby in place and has great back support too.
this is the best bathtub out there trust me!
our son can't hold his head up but he sits in it perfectly.
the back cradles our son and his head perfectly.
baby fits in tub fine and the sling helps keep him propped up, but once he's able to sit up, we'll stop using the sling.
the tub has a small shelf/recess for shampoo, towels, etc.
that is also useful.
the sling is detachable to hang up for drying.the tub fits in our double bowl stainless sink and the faucet (high and curved) fits over it without a problem.works great, not expensive.
okay, i bought this and didn't love it.
didn't happen to us since our baby is still small but i overheard a woman mention it at the store.
otherwise, worth the price!and the infant mesh net didn't work well for us....
i love this tub because there is a newborn "seat" and an older infant "seat" and my baby likes both.for us, the hammock never worked.
it was not great for our newborn (we used the tub without it).
kind of poor workmanship, but overall the tub works great for twenty bucks.
the best feature is the sling.
it holds a newborn perfectly.
my baby likes to hang one foot off the side and dip it in the warm water.
another great feature is it has a groove in the back, where you can use it in a sink, or lean it against something to dry.
it's the best tub, and very affordable!
this tub is perfect for newborn to infant.
and she loved it.
make sure you adjust the sling before you put baby in it though.
transitions easily from newborn to infant to toddler.
i am glad that i had this apart of my baby shower registry..
very good for babies, mommy!
i was a bit scared to bath my newborn but this bathtub was perfect.
she is 5 months and i still use the sling as both my hands are free with the sling.
im happy i bought this...and i would recommend this to anyone with  baby on the way.
that is what i ended up  buying and it is wonderful.
so far, for our newborn to two months journey, this tub has worked great.
we have used it with sling only, which is great to have, washable and easy to put/remove.no leaks, great purchase - fits our standard kitchen sink nicely
i love the reviews on this and when it arrived its so cute the shell is a light pink.
very happy on the color and quality.
i love that it adapts with the growth of your child.
this is a great and very effective infant tub.
we've been using it for a couple of months and are very happy with it.
it is very well made and keeps our baby securely in place while giving him a bath.
it's easy to clean and maintain.
of you have limited counter space where to place you may not be able to make the best use of it.
also, we found out that there are soem foldable tubs out there, and we wish we had considered one of those instead.
just be very careful with the sling and your newborn.
here's a tub that makes both baby and parent feel secure at bath time.we got this tub about two years ago for our son.
we used it for about a year with him.
now we are using it again for our newborn daughter.this tub has two outstanding features.
first, the hammock holds a newborn or infant snugly.
this makes the baby feel secure and gives you the ability to have a hand free.
this tub is fantastic!
we didn't use the newborn insert, but it looks like it will work great for the next kid.
the two sides to the tub are perfect- up until my son was able to sit up he reclined comfortably.
we were able to place this tub securely in the kitchen sink so we weren't breaking our backs to bathe him.
it's a great tub!
this tub is amazing!
very user friendly.
my granddaughter is very small and can still take a bath in it with the sling.
it works pretty well.
it keeps her from sliding or falling into the water, yet it is easy to wash her.
i think that's pretty cute.this tub fits our kitchen sink perfectly.i have only a couple minor complaints:first, there is a bump in the middle of the tub, and the way the sling is, i think the bump pushes into my baby.
my baby loves her bath time.
and it fits perfectly in my kitchen sink.
well worth the price!
there is also a seprate space for extra water for rinsing clean.
i always wanted to register for this tub because of its hammock feature, which i believe would cradle my newborn the best.
but i was happy to have kept this one because my son, now 5 months old still enjoy bathing in this tub using the hammock.
just the perfect one for every babies.
handy tub.
fits well in the kitchen sink for my newborn.
the sling is soft and comfy.
this is a great tub!
it fits our single kitchen sink perfectly and he has enjoyed his bath since then.
my mom just lives with it.
also light and easy to carry for trips.
i camp a lot and this is ideal for bathing the small ones.
this tub is the best i've seen so far.
a great position for her to kick and splash.
i tried to put her in the upright position, but it is still to early.
durable plastic, easy to maintain.
the infant mesh hammock is great for our baby girl.
the size is also good.
i really like this tub and highly recommend it.
i am so happy that i did my homework!
the hammock/sling feature is great.
boy, am i glad that i did that.
out of all the tubs, this is the one that made the most sense.it is inexpensive and practical!at 6lbs, my baby did great in the hammock feature!
he stayed there for several months until he was able to sit up.now, he can sit (with support) in the sitting feature and play with all his toys!this has been a great tub that will help the baby transition to the big tub easily!
this is a nice baby tub.
it does not fit in any of our sinks, so we have to use it in our bathtub, but we are ok with that.
(it didn't fit in our sink.)
(it doesn't fit inside my sink.)
the sling has a comfortable padding and is very easy to setup and adjust.
it is perfect for newborns because of the sling, and has plenty of room for a growing baby.
like others have said, it's the best and only tub you'll need!
my daughter is almost 11 months and we still use this tub daily!
she's used it since we brought her home from the hospital.
i love this tub.
love it!
i love this tub....the sling is perfect for my newborn daughter....she absolutely loves taking a bath and does not fuss whatsoever.
the only thing i would want different is a draining hole on both sides instead of one side, but that is very minimal
i got this tub as a shower gift and it is by far one of the best gifts that i received.
our baby loves to lay in the hammock part of the tub for her baths (she is only 7 weeks old).
i have had no problems with it leaking (like other tubs that i have heard about) and it fits great in our double sink (that is probably 30 years old).
i just hope that she still likes it when i don't use the hammock.
i'm sure she will thought!
this is simple.
i love the tub.
absolutely not comfortable.
my baby always slips out of it to a different sides, especially legs.
need to do it super fast, not enjoying the process.
i ended up using a round plastic large bowl, wide and deep enough to contain an almost 9 lb baby in.
the sling works great though my baby quickly outgrew that.
betweeen 1.5 and 3 months this tub was actually perfect.
i recently switched to the eurobath which is perfect for him at 5 months and almost 15 lbs.
it fits our kitchen sink perfectly.
the mesh sling is perfect for our newborn.
it's soft and provides a nice seat.
my baby loves sitting in it and becomes very calm and happy at bath time.
my 7 week old baby hated sponge baths for the first couple weeks after she was born but as of transitioning to this tub she loves her bath - as long as the water and bathroom are warm enough.
i haven't tried it without the sling so far as she is still developing her neck control but i think with this positive start she will continue to enjoy bathtime.
it fits nicely in our kitchen sink which puts it at a good heighth to avoid back strain.
i love this tub.
i am happy with the purchase.
as most of the other reviews said, this is a great tub.
otherwise, this tub has been perfect for us.
so far, we have used this tub for our newborn on several occasions and it's been great.
this tub fits beautifully in our kitchen sink- it's a large sink but i think pretty average sized for a kitchen.
i chose this tub because of the number of great reviews.
i agree.
i love the seating for my 3 month old.
clever!
i liked the little trough for rinsewater; the foam padding that help keeps your baby from sliding; and the lightweight construction.
if you plan to bathe your baby in your own bathtub (meaning you'll have to move the baby bath out each time you shower), definitely get this one since it's smaller than other models and easy to move around.
this is great for a newborn baby.
highly recommended.
the infant sling with is is wonderful and does well to hold them up when sitting in when they are a bit bigger.
and easy to clean.
now she's 5 months and is still using the slanted back 'newborn' side, but it works for her.
thanks to this tub she loves bathtime and it's a wonderful part of our evening 'going to bed' process!
the sling works beautifully especially for the first baths where you can't get the umbilical stump wet.
great for newborns and toddlers.
love it.
the hammock is great for newborns.
it's a good depth, and good price.
i love this tub!
i have an exceptionally large boy (we just grow 'em tall in my family!
the feature that i loved the most was the baby hammock.
perfect when they're newborn.
the sling allows a newborn to feel secure so baths are a pleasant experience and when baby is bigger, the incline side lets him have little more freedom.
we didn't use it until after her umbilical cord had fallen off, and she always had excellent head control, so we never used the cradle part of it.i had been concerned because our kitchen sink is awkward, but the tub fit right in with no problems.
the supports underneath are rather ingenious, and both double and single sinks.
we didn't even have to take out the in-sink dish drainer that is one side of our double sink!the green grip material on the infant side of the tub does a great job.
the seating ridge at the bottom is also well placed...it gave her something to brace her bottom against and kick her feet in the water.the colour-change plug was very handy, especially at first when we were getting the hang of what is too warm for a baby.
or if you don't have a tub and don't want to take your baby into the shower.
and if you get it as a gift, this is a great tub to have!
this tub is terrific.
first we used the mesh sling, and it was wonderful -- no needing to be nervous about sponging a baby and holding her at the same time.
the rubbery pads are great for no slipping.
i feel so confident knowing she's safe and supported in there.
plus, it's easy to wipe clean.
** update: we continued to use this tub for our first until she was well over a year old (she's now 2.5), and it suited her fine!
now, we are using it again for our second, who is currently 9 months old.
it still looks like new!
*** update #2: my oldest is now 4.5, and occasionally has issues with her privates, so it was recommended that she sit in a betadyne/water solution periodically.
we use this tub for that purpose, and it is still perfect!
for the first few months we used the hammock in the tub, and bathing my son was a breeze.
we just put the tub inside our big tub - my son's a splasher and we've found this is the best way to contain the tidal waves he creates.
plus, the fact that this tub even has a drain plug is another great feature in my book!
the first years infant to toddler tub with new born sling is just great.
i could not believe, looking at it at first whether it would be comfortable for our newborn, but the sling is just great, and baby loves the warm water and fits comfortably in the sling as mom enjoys bathing her.it is built to place on the middle post or section between a double sink and the tub is rather sturdy when placed on our double sink, although like bathing our newborn in a warmer environment than a kitchen.
there is a plug at the bottom for easy draining.
there are basically three ways to seat a babe.
love it.
works great!
i didn't use the infant insert, but the tub part works great!
this tub is awesome.
the sling part perfectly cradles my newborn.
she love love loves lying there in the warm water and i feel safe that her head is elevated out of being able to slip underwater (and of course i'm there the whole time).
i loved having this bath for my son's first year of life.
he could still use it now (11 months old) but he just likes being in the big tub =)  the sling was absolutely perfect for him because he was born 8 weeks early and had to be given special baths for the first few months of life.
it is easy to clean and dump as it is really light.
the hammock is a wonderful feature on this baby tub; it is easy to clip on and take off.
it was a long while until i felt comfortable putting my daughter in the newborn part without the hammock, so i was super thankful for it!
it fit in our kitchen sink very easily to keep from having to bend over.
we are really happy with this tub.
it fits perfectly in our sink which is round across the back and straight in the front.
the infant hammock is a great feature and our son must think it's comfortable because he does not cry in it!
overall, this is a wonderful tub, especially for the price!
this bath is a great price and works well with small and large babies.
i have one for myself and even bought one for a friend.
we have used this tub both with and without the hammock feature for our son.
we have found that it works great both ways!
we love the versatility.
it fits on a variety of surfaces from our tub, countertops and kitchen sink.
the plastic is easy to clean and the water stays warm for a long time.
the handy compartment holds rinse water or supplies.
it is easy to position our son and get him bathed quickly.
although it doesn't fold up, it stands easily and fits in our bathroom closet.
great 1st year tub.
it is shaped to fit the baby at a size ranging from infant to larger.
works very well with the baby, gives better control over moment and sliding down.
it works as it should and is the right size.
no disappointment here--its rated highly for good reason.the tub worked beautifully for my premature baby because of the hammock that straps over the top, making it easy to give my baby a sponge bath while he was cradled in the hammock.
now that he's bigger and doesn't need the hammock anymore, the tub is still working well for both of us.
it's a simple design.
it's great!
it works for newborns, older infants and even toddlers.
not to mention it's awesome to be able to drain the water without lifting a tub full of water.
my sister has a fancier three in one tub for her son and it's a pain.
this one os lightweight and fits in my kitchen sink and between my bathroom sinks.
it's true...simpler is better.
i will say that diapers.com was exceptionally nice with the return.
i absolutely love this tub.
it is perfect for infants.
it has a mesh hammock that attaches to the tub that keeps the baby in a perfect position.
my daughter loves getting a bath.
we then decided to buy this tub because my little girl could be submerged in the water keeping her warm.
we used the hammock at first (be sure not to get it wet before putting your baby in it because it gets super cold)it was great because it supported her but her little bottom and back was in the warm water.
it's great.
your baby stays warm and it makes bath time a little more bearable.
love this tub.
this tub provides a good support for our baby, we stopped using the infant insert around 2 months.
there is room for our baby to kick in the tub and good support for her back.
this is the best tub and a great price.
the sling is the best part, and he is so comfortable in it.
nevertheless, i will recommend this.
the newborn mesh helped somewhat to keep the baby above the water, although she seemed quite uncomfortable in it.
this tub definitely has it's advantages and disadvantages.
the sling feature for a newborn is great.
i have to get my son to stand in the tub while holding one arm so i can wash his privates with my other hand.
i got this tub for my shower and just love it.
my daughter was born very small, 5lbs 7oz, and i am very comfortable with her in this tub.
she is very comfortable and happy in her &quot;sling&quot;.
i use the tub in my double sink.
i find that while she is in the sling, i can open the plug in the tub and use a cup and the faucet to bathe her.
i just love this tub!
haven't been able to use it since baby isn't here yet but will revise my review if problems arise.
like the fact that it converts to toddler ages.
this is the best bath tub ever!
i have tried a few tubs and this is the best by far!
we were happy with it from day one.
we used it in the bedroom with the newborn hammock for the first couple of weeks.
we have used it in several different kitchen sinks, and it fits really well.
it is definitely a back-saver -- we tried using it inside the big bathtub, and we nearly broke our backs trying to bathe him that way.
the no-slide grips on the tub keep your kiddo in place well.
bought this tub and use it in our larger bathtub.
great sling for newborns.
son loves laying in there with his feet and hands dangling in the water.
i love this tub.
it fits my sink, it has a good age range, the temp plug is a nice feature, and i didn't have to spend a lot of money.
keep it simple, it's a bath tub!
the sling in this bathtub works perfectly, it submerges our baby from the waist down.
the size length and weight are perfect.
my baby absolutely loves to be bathed in this, she is so comfortable in this and the sling is perfect for the baby.
it fits well in our bath tub, it is really a good bath tub and good value for money.
the sling worked great while my son was an infant and he loves bath time.
well after about 1.5 months of used w/o the sling, i noticed some bumps on my son's bottom and back.
my son is 7 months old and this tub has been excellent.
love the sling, it made even his first bath comfortable and safe.
no longer use the sling and he still looks very comfortable in in.
the grooves underneath keep the tub stable in a kitchen sink.
easy to use, easy to clean and you cant beat the price!
this tub is excellent.
it's good for babies whose umbilical cords have not fallen off yet and for parents who do not feel comfortable with putting their baby directly into the tub/water.
it also fits perfectly in my kitchen sink.
it's an awesome tub!
this tub has worked out great.
the tub fits over the kitchen sink, but we mainly use it in the bathtub.
we use this tub for our newborn.
it has a place to keep my washcloth and her shampoo.
but if you have limited living space, it might not work for you.
this tub is great.
we gave our newborn his first bath in this tub.
he's safe in the net, not touching any hard corners of the plastic tub.
he loves taking baths.this tub fits perfectly in our sink.
i liked this one initially for the durability, easy cleaning, and that it can be used for a newborn, infant, and toddler.
our daughter was 9.2 at birth.
the hammock worked great for her.
i like that it keeps half of her in water, keeping her warm and letting her bottom soak.
mine's a wiggler, but the bathtub configuration of having all the supplies needed in a built-in at one end makes it easy to keep one hand on the baby at all times.
it was great and the best part was that it was recyclable!
es perfecta porque tienes la opcion de utilizarla facilmente en un recien nacido,tambien tienes espacio para agua limpia,o lo que tu desees..y a medida que el bebe vaya creciendo tiene espacio suficiente para el.i love it !!
great tub for newborns.
the net makes the shower process easier and my baby feels safe.
great size and fits on top of small counters.
the notch on this side kept my babies safe & secure.
overall i am not quite happy with this tub for the above reasons.
i listed some other pros and cons below:pros:this works well with our under-mount kitchen sink with a divider in the middle.
the sling provides just the right support and elevation for younger infants.
at 4 months, we took the sling out and our son fits perfectly in the angled tub.
great tub to use until babies are ready for larger bathtub.
also, it's easy to clean.
the tub is very deep and roomy.
please!
very happy with this tub.
my husband and i love this tub for our baby.
the infant sling is very useful.
this was perfect for newborn grandchild.
i love the cradle/sling feature for newborns!
i honestly can't comment on the plug changing colors to make sure the water isn't too hot because hubby and i use our hands and own judgement to determine that.
i highly recommend this to anyone, and you can't beat the price!
love the concept of the sling.
also love that it has a spout - it makes it very easy to use.i did not realize that this would sit easily over the sink.
makes life really easy.
i'm not sure what kind of baby fits well in this, but ours hasn't since the day he was born and he's 4 months now.
i borrowed a different tub from a friend when my daughter was born, and she hated bathtime with that tub.
the "hammock" feature on this tub is great.
i also love the fact that this fits in the kitchen sink.
the sling feature for the newborn is wonderful--it keeps my little guy from knocking his wobbly head on the sides of the tub.
very nice tub, easy to use, small enough to fit in the sink (and out of site when not in use!
), and--best of all--baby loves it!
this tub is the best!
the sling is perfect for when baby's are small and it adjusts as they grow.
it is easy to clean out and it has a conveinent separate dish for clean rinsing water.
i loved the hammock for newborns!
now our daughter is in the sitting up stage for bathing and this tub still works out great!
highly recommend it!
received this as a shower gift and it is great.
from the first bath until four months later, this bath tub has been amazing!
the sling is perfect and adjustable.
the drain is perfectly placed to allow the water to leave while we rinse him with fresh water.
it fits in the sink perfectly.
he's not ready to leave the sling yet, but we are sure the tub will serve him well when he does.
this is a great tub.
the newborn sling feature is key!
we are still using the sling with our 12-lb 3-month-old.
it's nice because you can then use both hands to bathe the baby instead of having to hold him up.
it's portable and easy to clean.
this tub is great, and the sling is a helpful tool when your child is a newborn.
i have checked into sveral other tubs and there isnt one that is perfect, but this one does the job until the next stage begins.
the wedge in the middle of the tub that is suppose to support the baby's bum makes washing my 3 and 1/2 month old son pretty difficult.
best on the market,price-quality - unbeatable.very comfortable,our daughter loves it,we saved a lot on this one,and we are so happy... :)
this is a great tub - i can actually look away for a millisecond and my son is still ok.
the hammock is awesome for a small baby - my 3 month son is very comfortable in it.
i thought this would be the perfect bathtub for my infant son.
well, it is okay, but definitely not perfect.
however, i am not sure there is a perfect one out there.
this tub does have a lot of nice features.
he loves his bathtime!
we'll soon be moving it from kitchen sink to tub as he is now learning splashing is fun.
our baby has always been in about the 50th percentile.
we've used the infant side with and without the sling and loved it every time.
this is one wonderful tub!!
and it was great extra support for a slippery baby.
my little girl is ten months old and she just loves to splash her little heart out!
this was a great gift!!
:)
my son is going to be 4 months old soon and he is very small but very active.
my son fits well in it and it fits securly in my double sink, making it much more comfortable for me to bathe him.
my son loves being in it and i dont expect him to outgrow it until around a year old!
i drains really easily, but we always leave it upside-down on a separate dishrack and store it in the bottom of a sink.
i love this tub and it makes bathtime fun for me and my very lively son.
my 6 week old loves her tub time!
it is great for those beginning sponge baths and continues to be useful as your little one learns to completely control their head and neck.
this tub also has an added safety feature, a drain that begins to turn white as the water gets hotter.
i am so happy with our decision.
this is a wonderful tub and i would recommend it to anyone.
we love this tub.
it fits well in our kitchen sink.
the sling was a great feature for the first few baths when baby was new.
light but sturdy.
easy to wipe clean.update: we recently took a road trip and after being without this tub for a few days, i now appreciate it even more.
the grooves in the tub accommodate a growing baby so perfectly at each stage (the sling for the first few baths and then two sides of the larger tub...one for infant and one for toddler.)
the grooves of the tub fit the baby's body perfectly and make it easy to wash baby with only one set of hands and the padded head portions provide just enough cushion but are still easily wiped clean.
bath time is so much more relaxed and fun for both of us when the baby is in this tub.pros: easy to clean/sanitize, fits well in double kitchen sink, sturdy, has multiple "stage" stations for a growing baby, convenient drain for emptying.cons: too bulky to take traveling, not easy to store.
this bathtub is great!
however, there are not that many baby items that you can say you got almost 8 months use from - so i'm very satisfied.great purchase - highly recommended!!
the best little tub for babies to keep them safe and happy.
my kids loved it and i still use it today(2 years later)
great tub, perfect size for my newborn with plenty of room to grow.
amazon has the best prices and fast delivery
we bought this little baby tub when my daughter was just born and used the sling for the first 2 months - it's been so perfect!
my daughter was 8lbs 6 oz at birth and fit perfectly into the sling.
she's 7 months now and loves her baths - splashes and kicks and has a ball in the tub.
the  spongey stick on no-slip decals where she sits and leans back are great - she doesn't slip and slide all over the place.
highly recommend this tub, it will save your back and arms and make bathtime a fun experience rather than a chore!
it is contoured well and makes bathtime easy.
the infant sling is a very necessary attachment.
my son and i love it.
he has fun kicking and pushing off of the front of the tub.it fits nicely in the kitchen sink as well.love it!
my baby gets scared very easily when she doesn't feel secure and will flare her arms and cry.
it is great!
this tub worked out perfectly.
it fit great in our kitchen sink.
she has always loved bathtime.
now she uses one of those seats.
this is the perfect baby bath tub for an infant.
he loves to splash, but you have to never take your eye off of them, but it's perfect to just sit in the bathtub for easy draining and splashing!
we first used it with the sling and then without the sling in the kitchen sink.
the sling worked great for a couple of weeks when my son was a newborn but he quickly outgrew it.
the divider in the middle of the tub was always poking him in the back even with the straps adjusted correctly.
that divider is always in the way.
great tub.
i love the infant sling that comes with it!
my husband and i love this baby tub.
when our baby was a newborn, we used the mesh canopy which held her very securely and made those first few baths easier.
one of the best baby buys we've made thus far.
this tub is perfect especially for a first time mother.
in the beginning, the sling feature was fantastic because you can't get baby's belly button wet.
my daughter (now 8 mos) still sits in the recline position sometimes.
either way works fine.
my daughter is still able to fit in it just fine, with plenty of room for toys.
it is the best!
and it is awesome.
comfortable for mother and baby.
the sling feature is wonderful for when your little one is still a little one.
great bathtub, i love the cloth part to hang the babies on.
however my wife uses this to bathe our grandson ll the time.
they both seem to love it.
it is a very well made, solid feeling tub.
i am sure it will stand up to many years of use.
i got it on the recommendation of a friend and i am so happy with it.
the sling was perfect and i felt at ease using it when my daughter was an infant.
she loved playing in it as a toddler tub.
easy to drain, the inside has a bit of padding and she didn't slip around in it.
stores neatly under her crib.
sling for newborns, incline for non-sitters, and seat for sitters.
it fits my double sink well, where the sprayer makes a great mini shower head to easily rinse baby.
the "hammock" is a great feature for floppy newborns.
it allowed our newborn to experience warm water in the tub which he really enjoyed (compared to sponge baths).
this tub also fit perfectly in our sink and could be easily stored away in our kitchen closet when not in use.
if you want a tub that can serve as a newborn and true toddler tub, buy the primo and use a sponge pad on the newborn side.
you will not be able to wash a toddler in this tub.
you can't tell from the picture but there are 4 tiny, but deep crevices in the corners of the hard plastic tub that are impossible to scrub if you want to give this tub a good cleaning.
the drain also drains pretty fast.
strange but true!
this is a nice tub!!
very pleased and i look forward to using this.
this is an excellent tub for an infant.
pros: the little sling that attaches to it is perfect for the sponge baths you will need to give your newborn while his/her belly button stub is still attached.
great tub!!
once we could give her a real bath the tub held her great.
bath time is one of her favorite times, she just loves splashing around in it!
loved it.
the infant swing worked great and made bathtime quick and easy.
i just popped it right in the kitchen sink and it worked well.
it still worked great.
i folded the infant swing in half and used the padded head part for extra padding which worked well for adding additional comfort.
if any of the previous describe where you are at, look for a different tub.
it fits well in my regular sized sink, which is separated into two sides.
i also love that it grows with the baby.
great buy.
it is well made and sturdy.
my son loves to kick and play, and this allows him to do so without me worrying about him.
my wife and i figured a infant tub is an infant tub right?
the baby is suspended and with the right adjustment gets the baby in the water, but keeps the head out of the water.
we bought this for our newborn, not having any previous baby experience, this bath tub was great.
it fit over our double sink, but also on the counter.
the three level settings made this tub last for a whole first year for our baby.
i have a small tub and it fits well in that.
it's very easy to bathe the new born.
second, the hump at the bottom works very well.
he is wiggling in my arm, wet while my husband fill the tub again with right temperature water.
it's definitely a two men job.
my daughter is 9 months old and we are still using this tub!the sling was just perfect for sponge baths while my daughter had her umbilical cord attached.
it is perfect.
the pads are mold-resistant too.the water does not leak out of the plug and the tub fits easily into our double sink.
our daughter loves her baths.
it is well worth every penny you spend on it for  worry-free bathing.
a friend of mine suggested this tub because of the &quot;hammock feature.&quot; your baby is cradled in a &quot;hammock&quot; that attaches to the tub, making it super easy to bathe your newborn.
at that point, we ditched the infant tub and put him in the regular tub with some toys.we liked this infant tub because it fit nicely in the big tub or on top of the kitchen sink.
i had got tin this as a gift for my daughter i am not fascinated with the sling it's way to skinny her legs keep ending up over the sides and my daughter is always slipping down in it other then that i haven't used the tub itself yet i do like that u can put ur soap and stuff in the holder it has
this tub works real good for our baby girl.
works well!
excellent
this is an excellent bath tub for my 3 week old.
we put in the safer bather and fill the tub with our detachable shower head and bath time is soooo simple....just remember to cork the plug at the bottom of the tub...so for you mom's looking for a tub for your infant this is the one, just don't forget to buy the safer bather to go along with it..this will keep you from having to hold the baby while bathing her, just lean her back into the cushion and wash with both hands!!!
as long as we used the newborn sling our son was very cozy in this tub and loved bath time.
the mesh piece that you can attach (for toddlers) is great.
angled bottom doesn't work for my kid as my kid's bottom slides out anyway.
i agree with many of the other reviews ... there is no need for a pricey bathtub, this one works fantastic!
the sling feature is perfect for newborns.
the non skid pads in the infant side are a great feature, and the high angled back is very supportive.
at 26 inches he still fits nicely in the infant side -- we have not yet moved to the deeper seated end for toddlers yet.
this is a great tub and a great value for the price.
i'm very pleased with this product.pro's1.
the sling is definitely a nice feature, even if you only use it for a couple of weeks.
the small basin is handy- i use it for washcloths, but also great as a clean water spot.3.
tub worked well on our countertop.
fits great and puts the tub at a very comfortable height for me.4.
the sling is the best part, it cradles the baby so that you can easily wash the child by yourself.
the design of this tub is perfect - my son is now 8 months old (and almost 23lbs, 30+ inches in height), and sits comfortably while playing in the water.
highly recommend it.
overall, great tub.
this bath is a lifesaver, it fits over our sink beautifully and is really sturdy and a great design, well worth the money and very pleased with it.
this one fit perfectly in my sink and was very easy to bathe the baby.
as an infant, he used the hammock and then grew out of that, into the base tub and now has grown from there into the real bath now.
while i used the tub it was wonderful.
the sling is perfect for a newborn.
makes bath time easy.
this tub also fits perfectly in our kitchen sink.
very happy so far!
we love this tub!
when my daughter (5 months old) sees it, she gets a big smile on her face!
she has loved taking a bath from the beginning.
i love it because it is so easy to use and clean.
and... when she is splashing and kicking, the water usually stays in the tub.
there is a groove around the back of her head that allows the water to go from side to side (if it doesn't make sense, take my word for it) withoug flying out.
the sling was great for when she was small.i would highly recommend this bath tub!!!
this is an excellent tub.
our little girl just loves to take a bath in this.
this is a perfect tub for any baby....newborn and up.
when our daughter was a newborn we placed her in and there she stayed, never slipping, while we washed her.
the color changing plug has also been helpful.
my girlfriend had her baby 11 days before me and she had purchased a different kind of tub.
put simply, this tub was easy to clean, sturdy and safe (we used the included sling for about 3-4 months).
this would be easily solved by the manufacturer by making the legs solid.
the hammock makes a huge difference.
baby is calm and happy in it.
mom and dad also feel more confident that he won't drawn in the tub.
i absolutely love this tub.
it worked great with the "newborn sling" for the early months, then later without the sling for the sitting-up era.
it's sturdy, good-looking, practical and reasonably priced.
but for me the best feature is the fact it truly works as a newborn tub with the sling, and later as a toddler tub on its own.
our son was not a large baby, but he grew out of this tub within 3 months.
he also hated the sling that came with it.
on top of that, he never seemed comfy.
we ended up buying the primo eurobath and it's perfect!
bulky but a great tub.
i wish i'd registered for that one in the first place.
bought this for my grandchild and my daughter-in-law loves it and says its so easy to bathe the baby in this.
gunk settles in there and even a tooth brush can't fit in to clean it.
this was great until our lo outgrew the sling.
we love this tub!
we got it with the sling to be safe, but never needed it.
our son was 9 lbs and was able to sit in the newborn side of the tub from his first bath.
the pads are great, we have not had any molding problems and there's a nifty slot at the top of the tub that can hold washcloths, etc.
my baby loves to bathe and lays very calmly in the bath.
the best part is that the sponge is less than $4 and you can use it anywhere- the kitchen sink, tub, etc.
my son is 4 months old and we still use the harness for washing but once we are done with that i unsnap it and he gets to play in the &#34;deep end&#34; and loves it.
i first used the sling when my son was newborn.
i could not get the water level high enough to keep him warm.
hopefully that will work better when my son is bigger.
two good points: the plug is convenient and i like the water temp safety feature.
this one worked just fine and i was happy with it.
i'm sure i will be again.
one side is perfect for babies, the other for toddlers.
easy to keep clean.
cheap and works great.
it's perfect.
the newborn sling is a great feature... my newborn feels safe and secure and enjoys bath time.
with all the bells and whistles out today on baby products, all you want is for your baby to be safe and comfortable in their tub.
this is definitely the case with this tub.
it is contoured perfectly to cradle your newborn and the padded backrest keeps him/her from slipping.
this simple design works perfect and fits on single and double sinks.
i love that i will be able to use it into toddlerhood.
the plug and built in wash basin are convenient added features.
the sling is great for newborns.
this tub is great in every way.
easy to use.
i used it with my newborn and gave her baths without help many times and it was easy.
this tub has worked great for my son since he was a newborn.
the way the tub contours with the baby's body is great.
so far, this is the best tub for us.
it's so beautiful.
i love it.
and i recommended it to my friends.
there is a bumper to support their behind, but at 4-5 weeks the baby can arch his back and slide right over it.
with this thing his legs are everywhere3) because it is massive, cleanup isn't fun.
this tub is the best tub i've owned for bathing my newborn.
my son is just now 10 weeks.
i read many reviews and decided that this was the best tub for my baby.
the hammock has a padded headrest and some mesh material for drainage and it is perfect for a newborn.
when your newborn gets bigger and moves from hammock to tub, there are two different sides.
we are still using the inclince for our six-month old.
we received one of these and two of the munchkin (3 compartment dispensers).
the tab to open it is not as pictured and makes it difficult to use.
great for diaper bags and can also be used later for small snacks like cheerios or the yogurt bites!
i love it.
love the divided compartments.
love that you can store enough formula for an entire day's use in such a small container.
very, very practical.
pours fairly easy, and is a real time saver!
it doesn't take up any more room than my son's sippy cups.really a great buy - if you formula feed, you have to have one of these!
(also good for snacks like cheerios!)
all in all it's a great item.
it's great for when you leave home
although this item is not perfect -- there can be some shifting between compartments -- overall it's a very convenient way of packing baby formula into the diaper bag!
i have this formula dispenser and the avent formula dispenser and i must say i like the avent one better.philips avent formula dispenser / snack cup, bpa-freethis one is harder to clean and the top doesn't spin as easy when you are changing from one compartment to the next.
even my big strong husband struggles with it.
even though it holds more volume of formula.
what a godsend!
he latched on right away.
however, once i bought the right size (27 mm) it was still a godsend, it was my fault and not the company's.
could not find this size at any store so thanks for making this easy to order ,fast processing which aloud my daughter to breastfeed with the correct size and make breastfeeding a great experience for this first time mom.
my pediatrician recommended these and raw cabbage leaves for the engorgement.
the nipple shields got my baby back to nursing keep my baby nursing.
the best invention ever!!!
i like that she gets skin contact with this shield and it's probably closest thing to a real nipple.
the lactation consultant at the hospital gave me a nipple shield to help my baby start breastfeeding.
i felt such a deep bond with my daughter when i breastfed and all the pain and discomfort disappeared.
i breastfed for almost 3 months with the shield, it's definitely worth it.
the best thing to do is nurse (although that may not always be realistic).
to help increase your milk supply: nurse often in the first few weeks, don't give pacifiers, bottles or formula.
i needed this for my son to nurse.
they work great when needed.
we've had latching issues and this was our saving grace for breast feeding.
i wish there were a way for it to stick to the skin better.
the medela nipple shield definitely helped my twins latch better.
was a life saver for the first few weeks when my son couldn't latch on properly.
it's useful and helpful.
it's one of the best inventions for nursing moms, i think.
may be useful for teething period.
i tried 3 different sizes.
i like this design so that their noses touch my bare skin.
they are very easy to clean.
the most important thing is that the milk gets into the baby!
this helped protect the crack from the baby sucking each time.
i am a 1st time mom and have conquered breastfeeding all thanks to the shield.
i have started using the shield and thankfully, am now healing.
we use the shield with each feeding.
you never cried like this with our first!&#34; and he was right!
he got one and nursing has been easy and comfortable ever since, for 5 months now.
i plan on using it until she weans, hopefully at 12-18 months like our first.
i got these and right away i noticed a difference and within a week i was able to "trick" her into feeding without the shields, yay!
it is durable and easy to clean and use.
with the help of a lactation consulant, i did my best to correct her latch, but to little effect, so in week 3 we tried this.
you need to use this correctly, but this nipple guard can help both with latching issues and with soreness.
we took a breastfeeding class and the teacher never mentioned this.
i am still using them after 3 months and my supply is very plentiful, and baby is growing very well.
my baby would not latch starting day 3 so i started using the nipple shield as a temporary solution, because the baby latched right on to it and the &#34;contact&#34; is definitely the best one out there.
although i'm still trying to breastfeed daily i usually use a bottle... still hopeful!
these saved my nursing relationship with my daughter.
we used them for 6 weeks while we fixed latch problems and allowed cracked nipples to heal properly.
make sure you get yourself an internationally board certified lactation consultant (ibclc) before you use them to properly diagnose the problem and help you with fit!
my son is now 10 weeks old and still going strong, this shield is meant for temp.
use but i am still using it for a few reasons.... my son still cant quite get a good latch on his own to my nipple without this, and it prevents nipple soreness, which all in all makes breastfeeding the best expierience in the world!
i finally was able to meet with a lactation consultant who showed us how to use the shield properly (we were doing okay, but i wasn't holding it quite right) and when my baby was 9 days old we were finally ebfing.
i highly recommend the shield though, it saved my sanity.
this helped us both to make it through breastfeeding.
recommendation: lubricate it with lanolin first to help it stick to your breast.
it really helps easy the pain!
this is a great proruct.
i'm sure it probably works for some people but i had a medela nipple shield with my first child that covered all of the areola and was a better fit.
the shield is comfortable for us both and i'm glad to have it since we wouldn't be able to breastfeed without it.
i'm in the process of weaning her off the shield and it's going well, but it's nice to have it handy just in case.
so, i did some research and discovered that the best size to get for a newborn is usually the extra small one.
love it!
i find this one stays on easier and fits better.
my baby wasn't taking my nipple and this made him latch on perfectly.
whereas without the shield, if you can't express well yourself, there's no way of checking if your baby is getting milk.
breastfeeding has always been shown as this natural, wonderful experience.
my mother in law suggested calling her niece who is a breast feeding advocate so i went ahead and called her.
she told me she used it for the whole year that she breast fed and it helped protect her nipples.
i have grown to love nursing and because of this shield, i was able to continue to do so.
went in the trash right away.
it was great!
wonderful!
i had to hold it into place a lot of the times, and had to wash it everytime i was done with it, but well worth it.
had to use one of these from the start.
it's comfortable and the baby doesn't mind.
easy to use.
once i used the shield, i could finally stand to give a full feeding without using a painkiller.
the cracks in my nipples finally had a chance to heal!
within a week or so, my nipples were healed using combination of lanolin and apno cream (which also works miracles).
i found my milk supply was not at all affected and actually seemed to go better for me as i was more likely to do more frequent feedings on both sides with the shield.update:at my son's last health check, he was 4 months and 18 lbs 12 oz and 26.5".
i also have been able to pump a small supply for emergencies.
i rotated between the nipple shield and a regular bottle nipple over my nipple.
i definitely felt like giving up at times but i was fortunate to read an amazon review where a woman said even though her little one was determined not to take the breast, she was more determined to breastfeed.
i remained patient and determined and within 3 weeks, my lo was back on the breast.
she's 5 months next week and i am still breastfeeding even though i am back at work and it has been an amazing experience.
it's worth it.downsides to the nipples: they don't stick well to the breast so i had to use a combination of lanolin and saliva to make it stick
i had the hardest time getting my son to latch on.
but a nurse had given me one of these and it was amazing!
(see girls really are smarter than boys, so naa-naa-boo-boo!
what a lifesaver!!
i also think this helps my baby get more milk and easier.
its well worth the $10!
these shields work great for any new mom who has inverted nipples or whose baby has a latch problem.they do feel up with milk and cause the shield to come detached from the breast if you do not use lanolin as a glue.
struggled a lot with breastfeeding at first, and this helped the transition to feeding without it.
easy stuff.
it was a pain to use sometimes especially when you're out of the house and using a cover to nurse but it is worth it.
with the shield and without pumping i have not had my supply diminish.tips: always have extra especially in the diaper bag.
highly recommend these nipple shields for protection of your nipple but also for babies that are between the breast and bottle feeding.
it took the edge off of nursing and my daughter did not have any issues transitioning back to nursing without it.
i used it for about a week and was able to &#34;heal&#34; enough to handle nursing without.
love the contact shield more than the regular ones.
i have used these with both of my kids and it is well worth the inconvenience of cleaning them and having to put them on.
the lactation consultant gave it to me to help me out and i could not thank her enough.
cleans pretty easily but does have a bit of stain from spaghetti sauce but what in our house doesn't have some kind of stain on it with a toddler?!?!
i have bought this for numerous friends and everyone loves it.
the one drawback for one of my friends is - their daughter learned right away to pull it off the table and refuses to use it.
it catches food in it's little pocket, keeps the table clean and is easy to rollup and store away.
:o) i have used it with my high chair pulled up to the dining table and it is great at catching cheerios that she moves around the mat.
not sure why they're still selling this as kiddopotamus when the products are all branded summer infant now - and have been since 2008 according to their not-so-friendly customer service when i emailed them to inquire.
suction is so-so - my 6 month old is able to flip it over easily, and off goes his food... am giving this 3 stars cos it's waterproof and reusable, and the &#34;drain&#34; portion at the bottom does a decent job of catching stray food bits - when the mat is staying in its place, that is.
it takes up very little space in the diaper bag since it rolls up into its "catch tray", it's super easy to wipe clean, and it doubles as a "protective guard" so my baby doesn't hit his face against the edge of tables.
the suction is pretty decent, it sticks on most surfaces.
this placemat works very well; it catches most of the food that doesn't quite make it into our one-year-old little guy's mouth.
it rolls up easily and neatly for travel.
highly recommended.
it works wonders.
i made sure i tested it at 5 different restaurants before i posted this.
it worked very well and does it's job to a t!
will recommend this to others.
it will protect your table at home from knicks and scratches from banging utensils and dropped cups.
it minimizes the mess all around with a lip on its border that trips minor spills and a deep tray that hangs over the edge of the table, protecting your baby's lap.
it also protects him or her from germs on the table.
the mat is a little like a roadmap - you'll never get it folded back as nicely as when it first arrived.
it worked great.
when fully rolled out, this gave us plenty of room -- even with his typical goofing off, all of his food remained within the confines of the mat.
we will not dine out without it!
they may be a bit expensive but we love these for our one year old son.
the pocket in the front catches a lot of food and the suction cups work well on our table.
when he really tugs, it will move but you can't expect a miracle.
it definitely makes the after-meal clean up a lot easier.update: three years later we are using the same mat for our daughter and it's identical to the day we boguht it.
we take it with us to restaurants.
love it!
we like to take our baby boy (13 months) dining with us and sit him in a high chair at the edge of our table.
this past week my wife added a kiddopotamus tiny diner place mat to our protective devices.
it fits on any strange tables we encounter and it works very well.it works well on the home table as well, but here the emphasis is different.
real handy.
it worked great and kept things cleaner.
i wanted to love this mat as an alternative to disposable mats in restaurants.
i don't expect magic and know i'll have to re-stick them throughout use.
the pocket doesn't catch much food because it is angled *towards the table* instead of towards the kid.
i'm now still in search of a good toddler placemat!
this item is great for taking on the go--restaurants, playdates, friend's houses...
it's large enough to cover a nice size area but still rolls up easily and the material is easy to wipe off and take home to be washed.
but it is not dishwasher safe and because of the suction cups, it's like trying to wash an octopus in the kitchen sink.
the pic description shows it rolled up, but i just fold it into quarters and store it in a quart ziplock baggie in my diaper bag, perfect!
and the edging on it (which the tinydiner mat also does not have) keeps spills from escaping and dropped food from rolling onto an icky restaurant table.
my son loves it.
amazing.
so this place mat is perfect.
the little tray in front catches some of the food he drops... plus, it's easy to clean.
i love it!
on the rare occasions that we could get it to work then we had to deal with cleaning it.
this is one of the best inventions!
we bought a second one so we always have a clean one on hand.
definately worth it.
it provides an ingenious and clean alternative to dishes, which tempt little hands with ulterior motives.
it does take up it's fair share of space, however, on the often crowded/too small restaurant tables, so if you're with a group, count your baby in the party, so she gets her own space and you can keep yours too.
if you dine out w/ your baby often, this is a must.
the one down-side to this is that it doesn't stick well on some table surfaces.
it works great on some, and on others the suctions don't want to stick for anything (even wetting them as some suggested).
besides that, this is a great &#34;plate&#34; for our 18-mo.
it rolls up nicely and cleans off easily.
we received this a few months ago and loved it.
with everyday use, 3 times a day, the pocket that hangs off the table to catch food (which works well) has started tearing away from the mat itself.
plus you can recycle the food!
this is homemade marinara, not the kind ridden with coloring and it still stained.we might try it again later, but it didn't impress us.
we use this in tandem with the inglesina 2013 fast table chair, graphite and we love it.
easy to clean, provides a clean surface to eat off of, and easy to carry along.
with the inglesina chair, the handles keep the sides of the place mat down which is key.
yellow (hippo) version seems different -- sticks to itself a bit too much but is still effective.
the kiddo can still splash food and drink.
this placemat has been a great purchase!
i purchased it for use when we take our 9 month old out and it has been well received!
not only does it cover the table, it catches some of the food items my son drops.
this is quite handy and an unexpected benefit.
love it and so does my son.
the high chair that i own (keekaroo - also highly recommended) has a tray but can also push up directly to the table.
it cleans easily and there are no icky chemicals in it.i can even attest to fabulous customer service from kiddopatamus.
fabulous!
i carry this matt (rolled up) in the basket of our stroller when we go out in case we eat out, and always make sure to take it when we visit friends and family.
it's great to have a clean surface on which to put our babies food and not to have to carry dishes with us when we travel.
plus, having the matt ensures we always have a clean surface for our baby's food, and makes cleaning up and leaving very quick and easy when mealtimes are over.
i liked this mat, it's very functional and is so easy to carry on.
baby food is expensive, being able to make instant baby food from your dinner plate is awesome.
it grinds foor well with a little effort, been very happy with results on beef, chicken, brocolli, noodles, appricots.
this is an affordable piece to add to your baby arsenol.
unlike many of the negative reviews, i am very happy with this item.
this is a great food mill.
when i make dinner for the family it almost always includes a roasted veg of some sort.
dinner is ready!
this doesn't give you the pureed, smooth consistancy of stage 1 baby food in a jar.
they were fork tender but not mushy.
the metal blades are what i bought it for and they work well.
takes a bit more arm strength to push the top part down as you grind.
sometimes it is easier to use 3 hands.
this is a great little food mill for baby food.
it doesn't puree super finely.
it's perfect for my 10 month old.
it's simple to use, easy to wash up and travels well because it's small.
next, i tried cutting it into about one inch pieces and added a couple of the red peppers that were in the sauce (and very soft and well cooked).
not worth the trouble for a busy mom.
i registered for this because i remembered my mom grinding my "baby" sister's food 20+ years ago.
(note, this was great when we started solids... it mashed bananas and took the strings out of sweet potatoes to give them a smoother texture than just mashing with a fork.)
i wish i  had the tote, but a ziplock baggie works fine.i would also like to add that i had to contact kidco's customer service regarding finding replacement hardware for a baby gate, and they were prompt and professional.
also it doesn't make the food smooth, it has a lot of texture so your baby should be ready for this.
i will say that it does work very well for some foods but not all.
as you can expect, it works great with soft foods such as banana and avocado.
it does work with other things such as peas, broccoli, and pears but i found that it still left the food grainy and not smooth enough for my baby who is still eating stage one foods.
you can even put it in a baggy and take it along.
this isn't the best for babies under 6months... it doesn't get foods as smooth as the step 1 foods you buy in the store.
its also nice to have one clean for traveling.
i take a small portion of our freshly cooked food, and run it thru the mill.
and on top of it all, i know exactly what's in my baby's food!
this is a cheap and great device.
it is simple to assemble, diassemble, and wash.notes: diassemble with every use completely (ie.
separate the grinder pieces to wash, especially if using a food prone to bacteria).
an apricot goes quite well through this.
this is such a great, simple door lock.
i've been using these for a couple of months and they work great.
he's pretty strong and he hasn't pulled them off.
you also need to accept the fact that the back of the adjacent door will get some wear and tear from the lock rubbing against the surface.
my two year old simply slid open his closet like normal and both "wings" snapped right off, allowing  him access.
i looked everywhere for a device to keep the sliding doors of our entertainment center closed - those little ones love to open the doors and push all the buttons!
with a slight modification it works great on our potterybarn cabinet.
i ordered extras for the closet doors - although my son hasn't quite found them yet.
definitely worth the couple bucks!!!
here's the deal.
it still does the job, but she now has it figured out.
i know the strips will remove easily as i've used them on all kinds of surfaces before.
used this lock for the sliding doors on our entertainment center.
works great.
we used it horizontally, unlike the suggested vertical method.
the doors are wood with a glossy melamine coating, and the locks have stayed securely stuck for over a year.
they are simple for an adult to use - use thumb and finger to push both tabs down at the same time, then slide door open.
upon closing the doors, the lock's wings snap out again, and the doors are automatically locked - easy!
he went right over to our other cabinet, and snapped the top wing off the lock on that one.
it was fully effective until age 23 months, i haven't found any alternatives that are as convenient as this, and for the time being, it remains effective even with one broken wing, so it still gets four stars.
first i tried the original sticker-thing that came with it.
both the "lock" and the paint came off the closet door.
my husband says he will try drilling a hole in it and attaching it to the door with a screw.if you can get it to stay on the door, it works great.
i've got similar ones that the prior owners of my house installed that work great, they hold quite securely.
easy to install, locks back in place when the lid closes, and is easy to open when someone needs to use the toilet.it is also durable.
we have two in our home and recommend them to our friends.
it comes with a thick bar that you have to place the toilet seat on top of!
sent this back and boughtmommy's helper toilet seat lid-lokand i like it a lot better than this one!note: no toilet seat lock will give you a super tight seal.
there's always going to be some inch or so that you will be able to open the seat, but at least your child won't drown -- maybe just some of his toys will!
i purchased many locks and this one is the best.
we've tried a couple of toilet locks and this one has worked the best so far.
it is easy to install and does make the seat sit funny like some others do.
it is easy to use as well and stay high above the toilet away from any splashing or other "unpleasantness".
it does not always do so on either of our toilets, but we have the padded toilet seat and lids.
you will have to remove those; they won't work with the toilet lock.also, you need two hands to open the lock- one to push the button in and one to move the lock back.
bought this to keep our baby boy safe&#8230; this can't be installed with the toilet seat we have.
will have to return it.
i love being able to pump, store, and freeze milk right in the bottle i'll be using to feed my baby.
they fit the classic avent bottles and the new natural style.
these are a must have if you use avent bottles.
they are great for storing breast milk in the fridge or freezer.
i loved having all of the accessories that allowed me to pump and store breast milk directly in avent bottles even though i didn't have an avent breast pump.
what a great idea to be able to turn your bottle into a sealed container.
these were great.
use these for breast milk storage in my avent bottles.
at first i had to play around with them to get them fitted correctly, but pretty easy and self explanatory.
using these on natural bottles.
philips avent bpa free classic bottle sealing discs work on both the classic and the natural.
clean easy and are slightly rubbery for a tight seal.
the avent system makes life so much easier, and these discs are part of that!
i read a lot of reviews about how the natural bottles leak.
we haven't used them yet with the natural bottles as the baby won't be here till july, but i tried one one with a bottle ring on a philip avent natural bottle and it honestly felt like it all came together with a snap and was extremely secure.
i wasn't sure if these would work with my avent natural bottles, but they work great.
it snaps highly into the white screw ring.i don't use them often since just storing and traveling with the full bottle regularly assembled works just fine.
i find it very convenient that you can turn your bottles into storage containers.
they fit mine perfectly.
great storage system in general.
can go from freezer to fridge to wherever easily without wasting milk.
they work well on my avent natural 4oz and 9oz.
bottles and can be sterilized in microwave steam bags.
they work wonders when you are storing your breastmilk right from pump to bottle.
these disks fit into the avent lids and allow to seal the bottles for storage.
they are helpful and work just as advertised.
these are very durable and clean easily.
once baby no longer feeds from bottles, these discs will be great to transport food when we're on the go or otherwise traveling.
it does its job.
having a newborn means that you live in world of disarray.
it also means that you are perpetually and endlessly washing bottles and making formula.
these work well on the avent natural bottles they seal so well i can even freeze the milk in the bottle i haven't had any issue with leaking of any kind they work very well
works as expected.
these snap right into place and keep a secure seal.
i use wet erase markers to mark the date on top.
a good investment for added convenience.
i pump directly to my pes wide neck, and i am able to store them in the ref if i will feed them to my baby that day.
i can also use this to pump/store when i am out at work.
these work good.
you can pump out a bottle, pop one of these little babies under the screw on rim, grab a spare nipple and you are ready to go!
i would definitely recommend to anyone pumping and using avent bottles (i like being able to use the 9oz size for storage, because they are much larger than what my pump came with).
i bought these disks to use with my avent bottles for storing breast milk and later homemade baby food.
while these discs will still fit on the top of an avent natural bottle and hold a seal, they don't fit snugly in the nipple hole like they do with avent classic bottles.
these are also just great for portability to make sure your bottles don't spill.
highly recommend getting these if you use avent bottles.
great buy!
use these with the old event rings on the new advent bottles and no leaking :)
i became very happy to get this.
they work great to seal bottles, and it's always nice to have extras of these, especially if you're going to freeze/store your milk.
i now use my old small avent bottles as containers of small stuff like hairclips etc.
these work great for nursing moms.
they come 6 per pack and well worth it.
these sealing discs are great for traveling.
all you have to do is push these through the larger white ring on your avent bottle and once you hear a small pop, you know that it's in place.
these discs also make your bottles smaller and easier to pack in your diaper bag/cooler as well, since you don't have to use the nipple and cap.
it's great for parents who are on the go and are looking to store baby bottles more efficently.
these discs work well with avent products.
they also fit in my lansinoh bottles.
these are great and serve my needs well to be able to have a bottle that will travel well.
these are a must when traveling with pumped milk!
i'm happy with the sealing discs; this will be great for keeping milk in my natural avent bottles!
it does what it says.
my avent bottles are travel ready with these discs.if you have avent bottles, these are a must.
my daughter loves sticking her hand in the bowl to make it play the song and she loves taking the bowl out.
it hurts his legs when using the deflector part and you have to use that part with a boy.
this is a great buy.
not to mention very easy to clean!
she has loved it since day one!
a toddler may also entertain thoughts of removing the easily accessible container while sitting, which may lead to a whole new set of problems.
but overall, this potty has made our lives so easy during potty training, that i cannot but lavish praise over this little piece of plastic!
he kept playing with the red sensor light laughing harder and harder every time it played its tune.
i moved it to the living room, and he was quite happy.
he even sat on it by himself without any help.
moves very easily on carpet and tile.4.
there are even times that my older son's pants got wet from resting at the front of the potty when he sat.
i loved this potty because of its look and its easy to remove bottom makes for easy cleaning.
my son has about 4 different potties between ours and grandmas houses and this is by far the easiest to clean!
i removed the legs from the potty and it clicks right into the toilet seat.
i bought this potty seat for my son thinking it looked great and fisher-price almost always makes great things, but i was wrong with this one.
i have to say that sassy makes some of the best infant toys and teething toys.
i received this as a gift at my baby shower and my daughter loves these toys!
they are colorful and fun to play with.
it has bath toys, great teether toys and fun rattles.
the toys are high-quality, colorful, and they encourage exploration in play.
i highly recommend this set.
my son's favorite toys came from this box.
thank goodness for the letters!
several of the toys have been pretty well abused and show no signs of wear.4.it's a nice variety of easy-to-throw-in-the-diaper-bag toys - small enough he can carry them with him into the carseat.bad:1.
my triplets, who are very different, loved these when they were babies.
this brand and these items are durable, bright colored, fun, wonderful toys so learn with and have loads of fun!
excellent set put  together  by sassy.
it  will keep  your infant delighted for months.
most of the toys can  be easily  cleaned.
our  son  enjoyed  discovering them and stared for good  minutes  at them when he was a  newborn.
they are also  excellent stroller toys.update: our  son is 5  months old  and is still playing with these toys.
after multipl  cleanings  they look like new and colors are still bright and pretty.
i bought this set before my son was born and couldn't wait to show him all of the bright, colorful toys.
he fell in love with the yellow and purple jingle ball, and he would have lots of fun shaking it and rolling it across the floor.
the teethers are nicely textured, and the linking letters are fun to dangle from an activity gym.
also, my son loves the little yellow rubber ducky and the purple octopus.
this toy set has been wonderful, and i would highly recommend it to other parents.
this truly is a great assortment of baby toys.
my son is finally at an age where toys really interest him.
i really like the variety in this box.before handing any of these to my son, i made sure i washed them in warm water with mild "kid safe" soap.
beware the camera on this package has a battery which i mistakenly soaked in water.my baby is enjoying the vivid colors and interesting sounds this set has to offer.
there are a number of things that go with the various stages of our baby's development, and overall i beleive the price works out more economical than purchasing individual toys.
yet they do not ruin any furniture.the mats are very useful for a variety of purposes and places.
we have used ours to protect our table when painting.
this is very good for the young finger feeding child.
you can put small bits of food right in front of him and not worry about a plate getting broken because the child threw it on the floor.
useful.
i carry them in my purse at all times.well worth every penny.
this item is great for putting on tables at fast food restaurants.
we tried using plates but that is usually short lived with my son.
these are the perfect solution.
i admit it--i'm one of "those" parents who wipes down the restaurant highchair and the table with antibacterial wipes before my child sits down.
use care when removing these placemats from wooden tables because we did remove a bit of finish from one table...oopsie!
!we always buy our daughter the sesame street table toppers and now she asks for elmo and zoe when she is ready to start eating at a restaurant.
such a great invention and definitely one i wish i had thought of!!
:)
my son also rips these right off the table.
this is a great idea in theory but for my curious son it is not practical.
the local dollar tree sells their own version of table toppers that cling quite well (pack of 8 for $1) and the hippopatamus brand that target sells that have great educational themes of abcs and numbers 1-10.
these wrap around the edge of the table and cover more area than the previously reviewed brand.
it's sanitary, helps keep the mess under control and my son loves to see his "friends" (cookie, elmo, big bird etc.)
these are incredibly great!
he now has 4 and we are very happy!
my three year old son loves these cars.
they are cute, semi-soft and perfect size for little hands.
they also make a nice sound while propelling themselves!
at first, i regretted the choice, seeing that my son didn't take to the cars right away.
of course, if your child loves the cars and spends a lot of time with them, you will not mind the extra $10!
highly recommended - lots of fun!
a good toy to take along on an outing or trip.
we have these in our church nursery and they are really fun cars!
fun, fun, fun!
i love this pillow.
other than that, great baby pillow!
now he uses the cuddle-u to help secure the son for feedings.there are definite downsides, though: the cover does not come off, which makes cleanings tricky.
i got this when my daughter was 2 months old, one of the seams wasn't done right so the stuffy was able to escape, fixed that and it worked fine, she was a fan of it for a while, and still will randomly go to it (mostly to play with the velcro strap though
this is a big pillow and your baby will like it, i got this for my newborn and she love it!!
worth every penny.
we are very happy with this pillow.
sitting position and angle is perfect for infants.
otherwise, pleased with the quality.
even so i am not nursing, i got this pillow and will help a lot when holding the baby because of my incision.
there are several different leachco cuddle-u nursing pillows available and they are not all created equal.
i actually didn't use it very long for a nursing pillow because we had some latch issues that required unique positioning but the time that i did use it for that was great.
my favorite part is the strap that hold the baby.
this is a feature you won't on other nursing pillows.
i've used two others and this is my favorite.
and you can't beat the price!
the cover is essential to our lives!!!
our son loves it!
also, one reviewer noted that the pillow didn't fit around her.
so as of right now, i use it more as a back cushion.
i love this pillow!
it's size is great and my son loves to sleep in it.
it gives him the feeling of being held and he just loves it.
it's great for us parents because we can put him in it and he can sit with us on the couch or on the bed.
great pillow, my lo still naps in it, makes her feel &#34;hugged&#34;.
the boppy has this magical way of forming to your body with no effort.
the fabric is a bit slippery.
if you want your baby on the couch with you, this is perfect.
it holds baby securely!
and it is great for breastfeeding support.
i loved this pillow...got it for our new grand son,,,,i chose this one because of the safety belt....babies do not slip out.....
it was a good deal with the covering with it and it was nice and plump.
yes will be telling friends and family.
the pillow provides decent support for the baby while feeding, but only allows for spot cleaning.
and let's face it.
i love the strap on it.
came in very handy when my baby was small.
fits inside her play pen.
it also makes a nice comfy pillow for me when reading in bed!
its great for tummy time and also used to hold baby while breastfeeding or bottle feeding.
this pillow is awesome!
we still use it for breastfeeding and i love it.
also i got mine for $19.99 because i got a different color.
love this pillow!
i love this pillow.
i decided to buy the le'cuddler for our 3rd boy.
the pattern is nice for either gender, so it works out good for our son.
love it!
=0)
i purchased a boppy pillow because i am a nursing mom and needed the support.
this pillow is great!
in my opinion it is definately worth the money.note- my daughter is now almost three months old and we still use this every day... it is as great as the day we got it, it really holds up!
however, i had one made fairly inexpensive at our dry cleaner... we just brought in the fabric and pillow and now we just toss that into the wash when needed.
still very happy with this pillow!
still a good value, just not my preference when it comes to a nursing pillow.
this item was perfect for our son and now our 5 day old newborn daughter.
we use this for propping her up, breastfeeding and relaxing on.
our son had one identical in a boy color and we purchased this item in the pink with white polka-dot style.
in love and we use on a daily basis.
the pattern is cute and gender neutral.
i will update once the baby gets a chance to try it!
****update:  baby arrived three weeks ago and i was happy with my pillow until the first big spit up.
for that reason it is clear that the boppy makes a better nursing pillow, because you don't want it sinking in... cuddle-u makes a great napping pillow.
can't beat the price!
firm and supportive.
for those two purposes, it works quite wonderfully.
might work out differently for you.
:-/
my granddaughter is expecting my first great-granddaughter in a couple of weeks and she had this on her wish list.
it gets used on a daily basis at our house and is one of my top must haves for moms!
however, since this has the option of sitting a baby in it and the baby is secure made this a great option for both nursing and having the baby lie on the bed safely while in a semi-upright position.
i'm very happy with the purchase but just a heads up for everyone.#1 - the pillow fits only small size mom (works for us).#2 - the white cotton (or whatever material inside the donut) comes out from the surface once in a while.
seeing that baby sometimes feeds for as much as an hour this has been a lifesaver i highly recommend it!
i would suggest a cover if you can get one because the pillow kind of lets out some of the stuffing.
my dh and i also use this for photos- we drape a sheet over this and our newborn is properly propped up for pics!
i use it more for baby to lay on, she loves it - i'm so happy i got this and use it constantly .
:)
great delivery time!
i bought this because of the cover and strap.
i like the color and that it has the strap.
great for breast feeding, bottle feeding and having your little just lounge in general.
great quality does the job and she seems to think it's comfy.
my son loved this pillow and the sling was really helpful
this is one of the things i couldn't live without as a new first time mom.
it is such a great price and the pillow is great quality.
definitely order this one if you are choosing a nursing pillow.
i love it and so does my baby.
the velcro safety strap is a great bonus.
my baby and i love it.
my daughter-in-law loves this...even used it to lean her 2-week old for his first baby shoot.
i cam across this and decided to buy for my newborn baby and i loved it.
i used it nursing and also to put her in to keep her head up
this pillow is great!
it's a versatile pillow...can be used for tummy time and it aids if you are nursing, but mainly we use it as a seat/back rest.
it allows us to interact with her without having to hold her 24/7 and gives your arms a break!
this pillow has been a godsend for the times that my daughter isn't interested in her toys and doesn't want to be held, but still wants attention and to be near us.
we got a hand-me-down leachco cuddle-u from my sil and loved it.
quality is great!downside: you must purchase a cover if you want to protect this pillow, it doesn't come with one (i bought sage green pillow.)
love the cute pink polka dot pattern.
love the under $20 price.
i love this pillow and so does my son, i don't know why everyone is so hung up on the bobby pillow, this nursing pillow is great, and it's so cute, and cheaper if memory serves me correctly!
this pillow really helps when breast feeding and provides a lot of support to both me and the baby.
other than that, it's absolutely great.
it is not only a great aid when feeding my baby (helps with arm fatigue) but is also a great and comfy place to lay my baby when i want to do quick chores around the house.
just wipe it with wet cloth & you will be fine.
this pillow is wonderful!!
i also use it to keep the baby in place, just like in the picture.
this is a great nursing pillow for the price!!
great pillow.
i love the strap, helps so baby doesn't slip down and more secure as well.
i also love how i can just throw it in the washer and it dries very quick.
my daughter loves it.
best of all you can't beat the price.
good .i love this pillow so much.
it works great with breastfeeding and my son sleeps so well on it.
now i see this style, which is a great idea.
i guess it just didn't work out for us
i give this item 4 loves b/c it's the best.
it was uncomfortable to wear and it became easier to use a normal livingroom/bedroom pillow to help with the feeding.
i had the same for my first kid and i am buying another one since it is super comfortable to breastfeed and safe to put baby ,the strap is lil big for newborn but will be good after a while
wife liked it and thats all i cared for :-).
specially when the other pillows are double the price at some places.
i have both this pillow and the my brest friend pillow.
the my brest friend is way better for nursing.
my 4-week old son spits up a lot after eating.
it has been wonderful during the day when we can keep an eye on him while he sleeps.3-stars because a major con is that this pillow doesn't have a cover.
the strap is also very useful, something that a boppy doesn't have.
this is perfect for tummy time!
these pillows are great!
and it's great that they are made in the usa!
mom can use it when feeding.
still not using it but looks great.if u have big b.., don't use it for breastfeeding.
this reminds me of the pregnancy pillow i used to sleep on -- same kind of feel and support.
she doesn't quite fit the harness but this does surround her very well and looks like she's being cuddled.
she is now 6.5 months and still loves to watch the world while propped up on this pillow.
the u-shape helps keep her up comfortably and holds her in if she tries to roll over.
i love using this pillow for daytime breastfeeding.
just perfect!
it still has its cushion and keeps its shape.
now my daughter drinks her bottle quickly instead of sucking for 15 mins and getting a red face.
also the nipple collapes all the time.
it works much better.
good if you are not able to or choose not to breastfeed.
my son would only take this kind of nipple and due to the shape and style of this bottle, it helps with preventing gas.
(luckily, just about any standard-size nipples will fit these bottles, so i used the dr. brown's ones, with better luck.
(i guess we'd still have to find the right nipple, though, as i wasn't happy with the playtex flow rates.)
these bottles work well.
i love these bottles though a little more timely to clean they really help with gas.
i have used the natural shape nipple until now as a transition between breast and bottle because it most resembled my nipple shape and my son did great.
love the bottle.
i have tried out several different bottles with my son and i absolutely love this one it is easy for him to grab a hold of and i see no gassiness.
my favorite factor is this bottle is the easieast bottle i have ever had the pleasure of washing it comes apart easily and washes easily.
i love it and my son has developed a preference for it.
in our case, these bottles weren't worth the money.
the angled design of these bottles make them easy to hold, and our daughter doesn't make a huge mess with these bottles like she has with others.
work great but a pain to clean.
i recommend evenflo's comfi' bottles, they are also curved they are just in one piece.
isaiah is 3 mo's old and he has used stage 2 nipples from birth.
we believe it is because playtex's venting allows him to suck without encountering increasing resistance and needing to break his seal for the bottle to backfill with air.
it's usually at inconvienant times like in the middle of the grocery store or while they are filled with water in your diaper bag.
i recommend the evenflo stage 1 nipple.
screaming, back arching, twisting and writhing, spitting formula while passing gas, burps sending formula up along with air.
this has worked perfectly and we are now back to 100 ml in 30 minutes.
lots of pieces to clean and keep up with, but easy to handle if they keep your kid from screaming at you for hours on end.
sometimes a bit of formula will leak thereby requiring cleanout of the bottle warmer.
however, we have switched to avent bottles and they have worked great for us for two weeks now.
my advice to parents looking for bottles to solve feeding issues-buy the smallest number possible and give it 5 days.
we bought these at a recommendation from someone who used them to help with gas.
well, it really hasn't helped my son's gas.
i tried both the stage one and two.
she loves it and i love it because i don't have to watch my 5 day old baby struggle to eat!
the ventaire sounded great but i am very disappointed and caution everyone who decides to use them.
they are easy to sterilize, use and clean.
but the best part are the clearly marked nipples.
i registered for tommy tippee and avent natural bottles thinking they would be the best.
i recieved a couple of different sized boxes of these bottles from my baby shower.
these bottles are great.
he drinks very good with these bottle.
and i also use a steam sterilizer with these bottles.
what works for one, dosent work for everyone.
please think about using another bottle, i suggest dr browns , i threw away all my ventaire once i purchased the dr browns bottles &#62; they are definitely the best on the market.
i love the fact that my son takes well to these bottles.
i feel like my life revolves around washing, drying and assembling bottles.
my son is gassy.
highly recommend to other first time mom.
the universal nipples that playtex makes for all their bottles do not fit on these bottles.
my son is on breastmilk and he seemed to burp equally between the natural breast and these bottles.
if the kids don't like them neither will you
my son is one big ball of gas.
these bottles are great for babies who don't need any more air in their tummys.
like these the best because of airflow feature and larger volume.
our two month old can take 6 oz easily.
my son loves his sleep sacks!
these are so nice and warm and very large so the child can grow without replacing them all the time!
we love our sleep sacks!
the first night that he used his sleepsack, he slept through the night and woke up very happy!
if you look at the inside of the sack it just appears to be a pretty low-quality fleece.
it's easy on and off.
my son stays nice and warm when in this paired with a long-sleeved sleeper.another thing that i feel like should be a consideration is the child's mobility in the sack.
when we first switched to the sleep sack, my son had recently started rolling.
i have two of these, and one is perfect... but the other has a sticky zipper that is hard to catch.
our california home stays between 70 and 72 degrees in winter, we don't use the heater and she sleeps in her bassinet on a cotton sheet.
zipper opens from top and bottom.
loves 'em.
my son loves his sleep sack.
i love the softness of the fleece - it keeps him perfectly warm and snuggly.
the design is nice and subtle, could be used for a girl too!
soft and snuggly warm, washes well,  but runs much larger than i thought it would.
i bought two of these and then found them in new condition for $3.50 at our local kid's clothing resale shop.
love this sleep sack.
so soft and cozy.
great for cool nights!
hopefully they will still fit  next winter.
the fleece is warm, so the layer underneath should be light.
the color is adorable, and i love that the zipper unzips from the bottom, making the night time diaper changes easy.
these sleep sacks are wonderful!
i transitioned my son to the halo sleep sack when he was 4 months old and he did great!
the sleep sack has a v-neck top so that it is not to close to baby's face.
we love these sleep sacks.
out little one is now old enough to have a blanket but he moves around so much in his sleep it doesn't stay on, these are perfect especially for the colder months
my daughter loves to put the blankets over her head and pajamas were just not enough, this works perfectly to keep her warm without having to worry about the blankets
excellent product.
the fleece is soft and warm, sometimes too warm.
we love the sleepsacks, because our now-one-year-old is a very active sleeper.
she'd never keep a blanket on, but with this, she's always warm enough.
this sleepsack is very soft and warm.
it gives him enough room that he can still sit and stand while wearing it, yet it doesn't ride up above his neck while he sleeps and moves around.
the plastic wrapping was broken in places with tape keeping it closed.
wonderful design, easy to clean, keep our baby nice and warm.
true to size, we're happy with the quality and the sizing.
me and baby love this wearable blanket.
it's really soft and warm, perfect for the winter.
it was a great purchase!!!!
it is soft, cozy and warm.
these are the safest way to keep your baby covered in their crib.
no loose bedding but keeps them warm.
a must!
i have loved these for keeping my babies warm without having to worry about suffocation with a blanket or anything.
i could never find a size above a small for my first two kids, but i was glad to find these online in medium and large for my 3rd baby.
well, the large is massive, haha.
so i have tried my son in the large anyway, and it doesn't seem to ride up over his face or anything.
wonderful blanket that keeps baby warm and safe all night.
there are different materials to accommodate different temperatures and the zipper really does make a difference when changing a sleeping baby's diaper.
constantly recommending these to my friends.
we love these sleepsacks and intend to use them until our son outgrows all the sizes.
the design of these sleepsacks is incredible.
and it's nice knowing that this product is much safer and provides way more peace of mind than putting a blanket in the crib.this particular one now marks the sixth halo product we have purchased in the first 14 months of our sons life.
it's perfect for bedtime.
i thought our daughter would get too warm in warm pajamas (fleece) and this fleece halo.
however, the halo is just warm enough... it's pretty thin, but still warm.
they're great.
i love halo sleep sacks and use this one every night for my 5 month old.
the fleece bags are cozy for the winter and great for children transitioning from swaddle to blankets.
even freshly-washed, one night on our son and it smells the next day like sour milk and sweat.
his other fleece sleep sacks and bunties don't do that (and he's not a smelly kid) so i'm not sure what's different but it's to the point that we can rarely use it because it's always being laundered.
we have had our son in halo sleepsacks ever since we stopped swaddling him.
they are great!
the fleece is warm and moderately thick, but i think the velboa is the softest and thickest halo sleepsack.
we've actually talked about sewing one on because our son has become very interested in unzipping his sleepsack to the point where it has kept him awake trying to unzip.
i understand that you wouldn't need the snap for really young babies, but it might be good for toddler sizes.overall, we love these and will continue to put our son in them until he'll no longer fit!
we love how these work, the zipper ends at the bottom when zipped so its not near her face, and is nearer the "bottom end" for night time changing.
the durability is very nice on them we haven't had any have any problems with zipper misalignment, tears, etc.
also since the baby stays in them unlike a blanket, night time feedings or comforting when baby can't sleep can be done very simply by picking the baby up and she stays nice warm and cozy without getting woken up more and fussy.i heartily recommend these to anyone with a baby or small toddler.
these are fantastic.
i use them for bed with a long sleeve onesie, they sleep comfortably and warm.
when i unzip it to change his diaper his legs are always nice and toasty warm.
soft and warm, easy to wear .but after my baby can and likes to stand up, i stop using it since he may trip over.
these sleep sacks are just fantastic.
the fleece sacks are soft, especially after you wash it.
i love these sleep sacks.
they keep my baby snuggly warm and i don't have to worry about a blanket which might fall over and cover his mouth.
highly recommend.
we always have our room temperature at 67 for the night.
hers were always warm with a blanket.
my husband and i were swaddling our daughter with a blanket but she was getting her hands out and sometimes kicking her feet out.
the sleepsack is great because it zips to make sure the feet stay in and you have the option of swaddling with arms in or out.
our daughter liked being swaddled and slept better in the sleepsack so i would absolutely recommend it.
soft, cozy, and perfect for winter.
these are wonderful!
this was true at first so we started by only putting her in these during the daytime - in a light cotton one.
she has also outgrown the small size sleep sack, but the medium size fits her perfectly with some room to grow.i didn't want to use fleece at first since it is polyester.
but we've found that she sleeps longer and seems to prefer he heavier fabric of the fleece one.also, we only bought these in blue even though we have a girl because the color is calming to our easily overstimulated baby.we've washed these many times and they look just as good and hold together just as well as they did originally.we've also found you can put your baby into the next larger size without it being so big that they can get their arms out or that it bunches up around their face.
we are now on our second child and i couldn't live without them.
niether one liked to be swaddled, so this is a safe way to make sure that they stay warm and comfy!
i purchases this for our baby who is arriving in february.
this is a super cute sleepsack and really keeps my 18mos warm.
my daughter is 16 pounds and 26 ounces - 4 mo.
they are all terrific.
i highly recommend this line of wearable blankets!
we have tried so many different sleeping bags but have found the halo sleepsack to be the best.
bub sleeps like a dream all year round in these.
easy to use as a blanket.
i put my kids in it and put them right to bed.
i am happy i do not have to deal with sheets.
its nice knowing she won't kick off her covers... or when the time comes that it will help keep her from climbing out of her crib.
excellent quality.
and i love that the zippers zip backwards to make middle of the night diaper changes easy.
very convenient when you want to change diapers and don't want to completely undress the kid.
we know she is always protected and snugly.
nice mid-weight fleece.
fits well around the neck.
but a few times the zipper has come apart at the top when it is zipped up.
our baby is 8 months old and we've been using halo sleepsacks since we stopped swaddling her.
they are great - they keep baby warm and make middle-of-the-night diaper changes very easy.
i have a large one-year-old - in the 90th percentile, and this fits him perfectly.
it's been great for winter and has kept him toasty with some fleece footie pajamas underneath.
i highly recommend all halo sleepsacks.
i love it because not only does it keep my baby cozy warm and safe, but it is super convenient for me.my son goes in the sleep sack with a onsie on.
this makes diaper changes a breeze in the middle of the night.
baby stays nice and sleepy which makes it easier to go back to bed.they also hold up nice in the wash. love the halo sleep sack.
there are many ways to reduce the risk of sids, the most important being to place the baby on his or her back to sleep.
halo sleepsacks have embraced the slogan "back is best," featuring it on many of their products.
they have a video and list of safe sleep tips from dr. tanya altmann featured on their website, which is full of great information.
go check it out!i choose to put lily in a sleepsack for her general safety, but especially because she tosses and turns in her sleep.
when we used a light loose blanket to cover her during the warm summer months, there were times when she woke up because she couldn't turn over without getting tangled.
this feature makes for easier diaper changes, and also allows us to let her legs out without removing the sleepsack completely if we need to put her in the jumper for an extra few minutes to tire her out at bedtime.
and the best part, lily is able to roll over without getting tangled, meaning better sleep for all!
phineas is a happy puppy.keep in mind, lily is 10 months old, so she rolls over freely and chooses to sleep on her tummy.
my son, who is now 15 months old, has been in these for at least a year.
they keep him warm and cozy as he tosses and turns all night long.
i like that it keeps him warm without the need for a blanket, and he seems to prefer the fleece to the cotton.
i had a very tall baby so i bought an extra large size, he fit in it with planty of room to grow, i would recommend it to anybody looking for a wearable blanket to keep your baby nice and warm .
baby is snuggly and warm at night.
we've used many of these sleepsacks in the past and have always been happy with the quality of halo products.
light, breathable blanket.
this is a nice, cozy fleece sleep sack for the winter months.
my son sleeps well in these esp.
since we can't use blankets in the cribs these days.
very cute!
we use the sleepsacks.
no issues with its bunching under her knees or feet and tripping her.
the cotton sleepsack works well during spring and fall when the nights are cold but not freezing, but the fleece is perfect for the winter.
i bought two of these in different colors for my daughter, and they are awesome.
these sleeps sacks are great.
bed room is over garage and gets chilly at night so these are nice and warm for the baby.
better than swaddling
these sleep sacks are the best.
keeps my baby warm at night and i don't have to worry about keeping a blanket in the crib with him.
these sleep sacks work great for our baby.
the fleece helped keep him warm through the winter.
i absolutely love halo sleep sacks!
i had these with both kids and was so happy that they still made this with my youngest!
very warm, easy to wash, doesn't get pilly stays soft!
it doesn't allow for the same flexibility as a shirt.also when i wanted to pick her up the metal part of the zipper would touch her face.
i love how it zips in a kimono style from top to bottom.
these are perfect for east coast winters.
we love them!
my only complaint is that sometimes my son (now 7 months) can pull apart the zipper.
my daughter lived in these between 3 and 8 months.
they're great for when your baby no longer wants to be swaddled but still needs extra warmth without the bulk of blankets.
i love that you can unzip these from the bottom and perform a diaper change at night without having to completely undress the baby.
the fleece blankets are great to layer over footie pjs in the winter to keep baby toasty warm.good quality material and zipper.
this is way bigger than i anticipated, but it's perfect for putting over top of pajamas to keep little one warm without using blankets.
i love the halo sleepsacks.
i personally think these sleep sacks are great.
also, as an added benefit, the sack has extended our time in the crib.
however, my daughter has reached the stage where most children begin to hoist themselves over the sides of their cribs.
i chose to purchase the new sack because i am concerned that she will try to walk around her crib in the old sack and trip.
peace of mind has been my greatest reward in using them.
i highly recommend them.
perfect weight, has held up to daily use and washed at least once a week for the past 5 months +.
this is great!
i used it when we stopped swaddling our son.
it's so soft and cozy.
it washed nicely and didn't get nappy like some fleece material will.
i love it.
this are great.
they will keep your baby warm, comfortable and safe, and one size will last you many many months (unlike other baby clothes).
it's very warm and very roomy.
it's a light fleece.
i especially appreciate knowing (from the information on the company website) that this has not been treated with flame retardant chemicals (since it's a blanket, and not a pj).
i can not recommend the sleepsack highly enough.
i am sure that there is a, &#34;how to raise a perfect child&#34; book out there showing how sleep sacks stunt development and prevents self soothing - but from a mom who has a pretty great kid in spite of every mistake i've made - i'm sticking with the sleep sack.on warm nights - we put her in a long sleeve shirt and the sack and put her in bed.
she seems to know what the sleep sack means and often will take it and put it next to her crib if she finds it in the laundry.
my grandson is a year old this fit perfectly.
nice and warm.
wear it on top of fleece pj and my lo likes the feel of it.
these are well priced and do the job fine, but i've since switched over to baby deedee sleep sacks (better quality, but also quite a bit more costly).
but the small still fits her perfect so i may wait awhile to have her wear this one.
the sizing is a little funny, see other reviews for more details to help you get the right size.
it's winter now, which makes the fleece great, but in summer it would definitely be too hot.
safety first!
our 6-month old daughter loves the blanket and it's heavy enough for her to know it's there but light enough that she isn't sweating underneath.
we don't put pajama bottoms on her and i highly recommend the leveret long-sleeve onesies to go with any sleepsack.
love love love our halo sleep sacks!
they're perfect!
tons of room in the bottom for her to kick her legs around, and her arms are free, but it keeps her toasty warm on those cold winter nights!
if your baby is having trouble sleeping through the night, try this out, the warmth and snuggly feeling of this blanket will make them sleep in comfort.
we bought it a second time once our daughter grew out of the large.
i've owned the medium, large and now extra large version of this blanket.
definitely pay attention to the sizing and expect a larger blanket.
this wearable blanket is great!
the smaller one was fantastic and he grew into the other one.
also, these are "blankets" not pajamas.
it also helps keep his feet/legs from getting stuck in the crib slats.
my son rolls around a lot in his crib during naptime and at bedtime, and it's impossible to keep a blanket on him!
we received one of these as a gift for him in size small, and i've loved it so much, i keep buying the larger size when he outgrows the prior one.
i definitely recommend this for babies who are physically active in their sleep.
:)
good price and a warm blanket for my son.
my son hasn't wiggled out of it and it's super warm.
my son is at the top end of the size large weight range, but this item will still fit him for many months.
instead, look at the height ranges for a more accurate size determination.
my tall son is growing out of size 18-24 month clothing, but the size large sleepsack (size 12-18 months) will fit him for many more months.
i think the sleep sac is a wonderful invention.
i get peace of mind and my daughter stays warm all night.
this offers peace of mind in knowing that your baby is sleeping warmly and safely inside this cozy wearable blanket.
they are the 3rd layer i put on him at night and he stays warm and toasty and safe.
(i am still using the ones i bought in 2008 so these are super durable!)
plenty of room for your lo to move her legs.
comfy and warm.
i love it.what i love the most though, is the inverted zipper.
love it.
regular blankets don't stay on so these are perfect.
both my children slept in halo sleepsacks as babies.
i have three of these - one in small, one in medium, and one in large.
it's also recommended to keep the baby's bedroom cool, so we keep the air temperature such that she sleeps in one of these sleep sacks and a footie pajamas.
they're not super thick, but are a bit heavier than a couple of other brands i've seen.
this is our 3rd one of these--provide excellent safe warm for sleeping babies and toddlers.
our daughter is 16 months and still sleeping in one!
hold up well, good zipper.
right length.
he pulls whatever cloth is closest to his mouth.
with my first son i always wondered why they did this.
now with my second baby i clearly see the benefit.
this fleece sleep sack is also nice and warm in the winter without overheating my baby.
it's perfect.
this sack is very warm and now we dont have to set our thermostat to 71 degrees fahrenheit anymore just to make sure he is warm at nights.
ever since utero, our son loved being curled up in a ball.
it was always perfect for him and he slept better with it on (we removed it and he slept terribly those nights).
we started moving away from the sleep sacks at about 10 months old and he now just wears pajamas.
i have purchased these for both of my kids in various sizes and love them!
it's so nice to know they always have a blanket on them while they sleep.
halo makes a great sack at a reasonable price.
we love halo sleepsacks!
we use the fleece for cold nights but also love the cotton ones for warmer nights.
we love how it unzips from the bottom for easy diaper changes.
purchased to keep my granddaughter warm at night in her crib and it does the job.
this is the second sleep sack we've purchased  for our 15 mo.
the bottom-to-top zipper really is convenient for diaper changes, and while the sleepsack did shrink somewhat in the wash, that really hasn't affected its fit on our baby.
we went from a fleece sleepsack (infant size) to a cotton one (medium) when the weather started getting warm.
our baby is big (14 lbs and 25 inches at 12 weeks), so we got a medium (one size larger than recommended) hoping it would fit all summer.
it's perfect for summer nights that are just cool enough that we want to be sure that the baby's feet and legs stay covered, even if her nightgown rides up.
overall, i wouldn't trade the sleepsack for a regular blanket, and i highly recommend it to all parents of infants.
my daughter loves her sleep sacks.
we have not even gotten the early walker yet and this works just fine.
ultimately, when we put her in the sleep sack, it's time for bed and there will be no more walking anyway, so this works just fine for us!highly recommend.
these fleece sleepsacks are the absolute best solution for a baby or toddler.
when she was an infant, i felt more comfortable knowing she wouldn't get entangled in a loose blanket, and she'd stay covered and warm all night.
i'm sure i will continue buying these until she's old enough to move into a big kid bed and use a comforter.
we started using the medium size before she was quite big enough for it (at 3 months), and even though it was longer than we needed, it still fit well around her arms and neck.
she is a very wiggle baby and is able to get around her crib and even stand up in these without hurting herself or getting twisted up.
it runs larger than the summer brand and unlike the summer brand it only zips from top to bottom.
the summer brand has two zippers so you can zip both ways.
so happy i use these for my baby, secure, easy, practical, simple, i love these, i'll be getting more soon : )you can't go wrong with these.
keeps baby warm, but not too hot, puts a limit on nighttime crawling around (and waking up) in crib, very durable.
very nice item.
the zipper works very well, and is smooth.
it keeps his feet warm, especially since he kicks the blanket off.
the halo sleepsack was our answer.
our boy is a big 7 mo and there is plenty of room in there for him for the foreseeable future.
i bought the xl for my son (who usually wears size 24m in clothing) and it is truly extra-large.
i suppose i should be happy that it is big and he will grow into it....
this is one of our favorite sleep sacks.
the length is perfect for a growing 5-6 month old baby who likes to roll without being too big in the arms.
the weight of the fabric is perfect.
even though we live in a warm climate, we run our air low at night.
with a long sleeve onesie, this sleep sack is the perfect &#34;safe&#34; blanket for baby at night.
these are the best!
super warm and wash well.
my son can walk fine in these and the sleep sack is part of his bedtime routine.love it!!
we now have three, in heavy rotation and are very happy with the quality.
after many washings they remain soft and cozy with a well working zipper.
the halo wraps are soft and comfortable for my daughter.
we still use them at 16 months.
we just bought the xl as our daughter is tall.
she is 32 1/2 inches and this allows her some kicking room.
i love it and so my baby.
it is very comfortable and soft.
with a sleep sack everybody sleeps better :)
the micro-fleece wearable blanket is perfect for spring and fall.
i highly recommend.
it is nice and soft, zips up the front and is a cute pattern.
my baby loves his sleepsack.
he liked being swaddled for about the first month, but after that he wanted the comfort of a blanket but also to have his arms free.
he seems to like the feeling of the fleece and sleeps with it bunched in his hands.
our son wont be able to use this for months but it is soft and cute!
although our boys could technically sleep with blankets now, we still use the sleep sacks because they stay on and keep them warm overnight.
he sleeps so much better at night with the extra layer the wearable blanket provides.
if your baby is anything like mine and does not like to be swaddled, this sleep sack is the perfect alternative.it is thick enough to keep baby warm, but not so warm that baby over-heats.
it is very soft and does not scratch baby's skin.
the zipper works top down so that baby cannot open the zipper himself and makes for very convenient diaper changes.it doesn't bunch up around baby's neck either, so you can rest assured that baby is safe at night.
it keeps baby nice and warm, yet you don't have to worry about a blanket.
also, the great thing is that it zips from top to bottom, so you don't have a big zipper poking baby in the face.
these sleeps sacks are very large though my son is in the middle of the recommended weight and at the end of the height range
this is great for the chillier winter months.
great way to keep baby warm and not worry about a blanket.
i only wish it had sleeves so that baby wouldn't have to wear pjs underneath... overall tho, it keeps him warm and cozy.
it is very soft, and i like the color.it is large for my 7 month baby.
also recommended .the price is also good for the quality.
hope this review helps!
use it around your waist to help support your newborn while he nurses ... mine is asleep on ours after nursing as i write!
at a few months of age, use it under his tummy to work on tummy time.
this pillow was a wonderful help during my breastfeeding time and helped prevent the back pain that comes with that slouched position you get into while trying to keep the baby comfortable.
pillows are much more effective in my opinion to prop up the baby while nursing.
but still felt like the pillows did the trick.
i love the boppy!
it allows your baby to lay in a comfortable position and makes mommy very comfortable while feeding too!
it gives the perfect support for your arm and babys back.
this is definitely one of our favorite purchases!
my daughter and i have thoroughly enjoyed the boppy.
and it is wonderful when baby is three months or so and wants to be propped up a bit to see that ever-expanding world.
i love my boppy pillow.
it is soft and comfortable, our baby loves his.
our dog even loves to lay in the boppy.
we have used our boppy for 3 mo's.
when isaiah was born, daddy made a special trip home just to get our boppy for us to use at the hospital.
everyone loved bottle feeding with it.
it has just the right smooshiness for supporting baby and helps old mommies and daddies like us avoid those numb arms and crimped necks.
this was our life saver for our sons first 9 months!!!
our son was super comfortable and relaxed during feedings.
was especially great those first couple months during the night feedings.
super soft!!!
the other covers feel kind of scratchy and are definetly not as soft as this one!!!!
i love it because as we all know breastmilk stains and washing the pillow isn't easy.
because the boppy is round my baby is very unstable on my lap without another pillow on top, it also doesn't lift her up high enough without a second pillow.
i love the boppy, when my back hurts it's the perfect way to nurse, baby loves to play on boppy!
i suggest bringing it to the hospital.
great gift idea.
i  used it in the beginning for feedings and it's an arm saver for sure.
soon she will be able to use it to help her sit up.
it has washed well a couple of times.
i am so pleased with my boppy; my son and i have used it every day and night for the past 12 weeks (since day one).
he will sometimes fall fast asleep after a meal and has stayed there cuddled up to me for a long time.- i have machine washed and dried both the bobby and the cover and it has come out very nicely.- my husband also uses it (although it is a tight fit around his waist) for bottle feedings, since it brings the baby up nice and close comfortably.- it is also a comfy way to prop up my son so that he can see a bit of what's going on.what i'd change:- the fleece cover is quite warm, especially in the summer.- it doesn't really fit within the arms of the rocking chair that we have.
i love my bobby pillow.
the cover is soft and fuzzy and it washes up beautifully.
puts my daughter at just the right height for nursing and/or bottle feeding.
when my daughter was a newborn i felt like she and i were both well-supported and very comfortable.
also, as a newborn it brought her within eye range while we were sitting, without much effort on my part.
they come with slip covers now, but if you ever need to wash the pillow itself, it screws up the distribution of the stuffing.i much prefer the my breast friend pillow: it has a back support and is adjustable.
very comfortable and gives the baby a wider and flater surface to lay on.
mine is the inflatable version, which is great - when you take off the cover to wash, you can easily clean the pillow beneith with just a damp cloth.
i was having major problems breastfeeding and this was wonderful.
now that she's bigger and we've advanced to the traditional breastfeeding position, we don't use it for nursing.
but it's great to prop her in and let her see what's going on.
it's a nice alternative to her swing.
both the cover and the pillow washed great in the washer & dryer.
the boppy is great!
i love this!
i am a first time mom who breast feeds my baby and i found this to be such a life saver!
my son is 9 months now and we still use it almost every feeding.
it saves your arm and neck from feeling strained and holds the baby at just the right level for nursing.
when i am sitting our daughter is comfortable, content, and at the perfect height to feed.
my husband uses the boppy when he is cradling her in his arms for extra support.
other boppy pillows are cheaper in price, however one of the features all three of us enjoy that is unique to this one is the fleece covering.
the boppy has saved my life!
i got this from our shower and even though i never nursed, i still found this boppy very helpful.
i also use this pillow for tummy time.
it's great, even if you're not nursing!
highly recommend it!
i have tried both, the boppy pillow and my brest friend.
it provides the support they need, while allowing for some independence.
this one may be a little more expensive, but it has a cute fleece cover that easily washes and stays very soft.
you can use the boppy for feeding, positioning baby on his belly or back, or even for you to sit on after giving birth (like a doughnut) to help with perineal pain.
this pillow is great for nursing, and it saves your back.
also, my son loves to lay on his tummy and push up on his back legs.
the pattern is adorable, and the material is very soft, but it does get pretty hot.
you can also buy covers.
it's definitely something all new moms need!
as a physical therapist and since my husband has some back pain occassionally, i knew that this would be a big help for bottle feeding as well.
but, i think that is because it is a pillow, no doubt, but my son loves to feel cuddled and this pillow is great for that.
so, he has taken naps in it and also we took this a long on our first road trip and he slept swaddled and in this pillow in the middle of the king size bed.
that way i have two hands available and direct eye contact.
this pillow was nice & did help a bit with breastfeeding but always slipped during the feeding.
fabris was soft & durable for our son when he was learning to sit & start to move during first couple months.
this is the greatest thing that you can get!
she's 4 months old and we still use it.
it is also good to help them sit up later.
this is definitely worth the money.
you can't help but get milk on it sometimes...or spit up.
i still recommend getting one, though.
i love it!
that way it kept his feet warm and served as a position stabilizer keeping him on his side with one end of the pillow touching his back and the other touching his tummy.we used it as a lounge to lean him in as a newborn.
give it a week and we will think of a new use for it.
i am very glad that i got his pillow.
*  first of all, breast feeding with the boppy isnt ideal, but it works.
i am able to sit comfortably, with my son quite comfortable.
*  i also loved that my toddler (and 4 1/2 year old!)
likes to use the pillow to watch t.v on, and its great for doing arts and crafts on (on the floor).
*  i also like that the boppy can be used outside with the vinyl cover.
it protects your boppy, and also makes it great when the kids are doing arts and crafts on the floor, they are leaning on your favorite pillow, and its okay!
it also doesnt fade all that much.as of now, the boppy has proven to be a source of endless fun, and is very useful!
i received the boppy pillow as a shower gift and it is wonderful.
it allows me to nurse my newborn comfortably.
the support is great.
i also use this pillow for tummy time with my newborn.
one of the best things created for moms in the last few years.
definitely a must have.
i absolutely love it, and there are so many different designs or covers.
great registry item!
i love the bobby.
what a wonderful idea.
one day using the bobby and my back has not hurt since!
we use it to prop our baby up and play with him, we use it for feeding him, my husband uses it everytime he holds our son when sitting down.
i have two bobbys and i can't stress enough how wonderful they are... especially for large breasted women.
my son is 4 months old and he loves this blanket.
i love how it has the pacifier holder and teething corners.
thanks
1.
this is great for my teething 6 month old.
i washed it on gentle and let it air dry before giving it to my baby and all the silk starting unraveling then so i trimmed those threads.
he's has this for a month, and it's easy for him to get into his mouth, even without a great deal of control!
highly recommend--we have two, because one is always in the wash.
knowing how much babies chew while teething, we recently bought the munchkin teething blanket as a present for our 5 month old grandson.
our grandson seemed to give his teething blanket 5 stars.
fun to hold, squeeze, and chew on!
the corners are teethers, and the blanket is nice and soft.
great baby item.
my daughter started teething at 3 months and we had great difficulty finding a teether that she liked.
best ever!
this was perfect and it is soft and i love that it has teething corners.
bought two of them because we loved it so much.
first of all, please be aware that the blanket you will receive is on the picture posted by janet.
(yellow)-2 textured teething surfaces on corners; yellow and green-super soft push on one side and silky cool satin on the other (i uploaded a picture of the silky cool satin side)-1 pacifier attachment-full size: 11" x 13.75"my son loves this blanket and i am glad to be able to wash it and put it in the dryer!
prefers the orajel munchkin teether and the lifefactory teether.
my son loves his step and play, even without turning on the music.
half of the fun for her has been figuring out new things and how to make the lights work, the drums go and use all of the other toys.
it seems very safe and my daughter loves it.
the thing that i like about this is it's not a mobile walker, so she can't wander away or bump into anything, but unlike other stationary entertainers, she still has the ability to use her feet to move herself forward (which she loves to do).
also, make sure you assemble in the room where you want to keep it or in a room you can easily move it out of because it doesn't fold down or disassemble.
first she just held on to the top, then gradually she started taking a few steps.
this is one of the best baby investments i've made.
it is very bright and stimulating and will last through several phases of development!
a great way to play with even the youngest of kids!
this was a great addtion to our daughter's toy stash.i originally purchased it after having owned an exersaucer and not liking the constant spinning circles and sometimes hard for baby to reach/press/etc.
i am so glad i did.from day one, my daughter has loved this toy.
she loved the sound of the musci below her as she walked back and forth.
she is not 18 months and still loves to play &quot;band&quot; with her older brother.thank you fisher price!
now that she is thirteen months old, the seat has been removed and she loves to stomp on the piano keys and compose her own music.i think this one of the most versatile toys and it has lasted so long in our house that it is well worth the money.
then i realized that my son would love it.
it's worth it.
she absolutely loved the lights and music and i liked the fact that she not only could spin in a circle but actually walk back and forth.
when she began walking i removed the seat and she loved to run and stomp on the piano keys to activate the music.
it is by far the best stationery walker on the market because it lasts from infancy well into toddlerhood.
they have never leaked and they slip in an out easily.
these disposable ones are great... they are like a maxipad for your breasts!
the lansinoh pads are the best, no question.
prosi've never leaked.it's really thin.consit feels like plastic.it does not allow my skin to breathe and make my breasts really itchy.it won't stick to your bra.
the small sticky tab doesn't do much.it stinks at the end of the day.yellow powder gets on your fingers if you open the wrapper wrong.lansinoh has two sticky tabs that work.
they're incredibly itchy!
many times the pleat on the inside has a scratchy piece of glue that rubs and is uncomfortable.
not cool.
stick with lansinoh.
if you have a bra that fits a bra pad will stay in place.
they are rough and irritate my skin.
also, the adhesive does not hold well.
i've been perfectly happy withlansinoh 20265 disposable nursing pads, 60-count boxes (pack of 4)... and if you are ordering from amazon, they are much cheaper than these anyway.
these pads are definitely due for some revamping.
they fit well, aren't noticable, and won't leak.
i'm sure these work great, but i have never had to use breast pads, and i've nursed my baby for 18 months now (never used a drop of formula).
if you want to buy them anyway, keep the receipt to return them just in case you're not a milk-leaker!
last positive, i like how easy open the plastic is for each pad.
they also leave my skin very dry which is very important for keeping healthy nipples.
i had purchased these 4 years before and had great results and these are of the same quality and absorbency.
i'm very happy with my purchase.
when i ordered these breast pads, i thought they would be a great deal.
i ended up changing my nursing pads three times a day, and had to get up in the middle of the night to change them again.
these pads can hold up to three ounces of breastmilk and provide great coverage.
i would definitely recommend these to anyone who battles those embarassing leaks.
they are perfect for my usage.
i have tried others and these pads are my favorite.
then i tried lansanoh pads, both super absorbant & ultra thin, and loved them both.
these pads make a big deal about being "form fitted" due to the two little pleats, which give them a natural 3-dimensional curve.
personally, i prefer the first years nursing pads with lanolin.
i also used them as a backup during the day with the lilz pads.
i never leaked much, so these pads worked fine in that respect.
i bought this for my first son three years ago.
he loved it and i'd have to restart it for him over and over (with or without the remote) because it captured his interest so well.
the motor (the purple ball-shaped section) died within the first three months, but when i called tiny love, the company that makes this, they sent a new one completely free of charge, and it continued to work well.the music is lovely and you can set it to just one tune or to cycle between the three different songs.
the animals are fabulous to look at - black and white plus bold colors, with buggy eyes to boot.now, my second son is enjoying it.
the music is very nice (parent friendly)the mobile is very entertaining to babies.all remote control mobiles have a big weakness - the remotes only work when they're in the same room as the mobile.
it doesn't lock in place, and the segemented pole doesn't even lock together.
truly a terrible design.i'm giving it 4 stars because all mobiles will in fact break apart and crash on a baby that pulls on the toys.
if your child can stand in her crib, remove all mobiles - period.
the symphony in motion mobile is a very entertaining diversion for babies.
its bright colors and high-contrast black-and-white pieces create a scene that will captivate your little one.
for this reason, it's an invaluable crib toy that can buy you some of that hands-free time that's always in short supply for new parents.the music box plays a choice of three classical pieces.
as a result, we kept a separate item in the crib as a sleep-time routine (the fisher-price aquarium, which is also excellent).we're using our mobile for our second child now and it's been a hit with each.
could push up and reach/pull the pieces), he loved the music box by itself and would often turn it on by himself to entertain himself after having awakened from a nap.it comes with a remote control that lets you start/stop the mobile and music box for a distance in case you don't want to be a distraction to baby's downtime.
we've found battery life to be very good compared to most toys.pros* excellent attention-grabber; the combination of color and black-and-white really keeps baby's eyes following.
the mobile worked very well and was very attractive to watch- it definitely kept my baby's attention at times when we wanted him to stay in his crib.
everything has held up well over the years.
my daughter loved the mobile on her pack-n-play so much that we decided to splurge on a nice one for her crib.
i love the classical music too... there's a couple fun and fast selections and a slower one that you can either cycle through or pick one to play all 15 mins.
although the animals on the fp mobile were cuter than this one, the music on the tiny love is very high-quality, long-lasting and impressive.
the colors are great and the googly eyes on the animals catch our 2-month-old's attention.
works great on our cradle so far - the "hook" that holds it in place is another added advantage over the fp mobile we had.
worth it!
this mobile has great colors, is very interesting and totally captivates the attention of my 10 week old.
this fantastically colored and designed mobile held my baby enthralled.
sometimes, if i jiggle it just right, the mobile will spin and play.
this mobile may be an eye-sore for your color-schemed decorated room, but it's worth every penny and obnoxiousness.
the remote is a nice touch so that she does not see us in the room.
this mobile is a life saver.
i purchased a tiny love gymini, fp ocean wonders aquarium, and some other misc.
toys to entertain our little one (now 2m).
he loved this mobile from the moment it was pulled out of the box.
he will stare at it, talk to the animals, coo, and giggle.
it's expensive, but oh so worth it.
overall i love this mobile.
the music is great quality, although i wish it had an even lower volume setting.
the remote works great and what i love the most is that the box can be set to activate the music manually, or that the music can only be activated by the remote.
my daughter loves the animals and it is really very stimulating in color design and motion.
since then, it works like a charm.
i have not had any technical problems with it so far, 3 weeks of use, so i keep my fingers crossed.over all it's a very nice mobile, and having two kids, i've been through quite a few, still haven't found the perfect one, but this is the closest i've found to perfect.
i love it - it allows me to keep the mobile going without my son seeing me, which will often make him remember that &quot;hey, i'm in a crib &amp; not out with my people!!
at first i thought it was a bit crazy looking and it didn't quite go well with our theme but overall, i'm so happy we registered for this.
the music, colors and movement keeps her attention.
we also have the ocean wonders aquarium in her crib and use that in the evening to soothe her to sleep.
great gift for a shower, or for entertaining a very picky little baby!
pretty colors, remote control, several classical tunes... well, it would be perfect if it worked.
i do give it one star because it is pretty... but that's about it!
it isn't very useful to lull her to sleep but i use it to entertain her in the morning when i getting ready.
i wish the one i purchased had a remote, and i also wish that it worked with an adapter, because the battery gets used up real fast.
the plastic construction also gives it a flimsy and unstable feeling.
kidco food mill gets the job done if you are using really soft foods.i was excited to find a food mill that was small, seemed easy to use, and was a good price.
it has a plastic grater that it, or should i say you push the food through and a surgical steel blade that it used to move the food through the plastic grate.i first used it on peas and carrots.
the carrots weren't over cooked, i'd rather not over cook vegetables for my son to help retain most of the nutrients.
the peas milled up well but were the consistency of mushy rice, and in no way compared to a stage 2 baby food as some reviews have stated.
it's easily cleaned just pull it apart and wash or run in the dishwasher.pros:1.
will grind well cooked food very easily2.
easy to use and clean3.
convenient feeding bowl attached4.
compact size and easy take-a-longcons:1.
only grinds "overcooked" food easily2.
you need to be extremely strong to push harder food through it3.
also, it doesn't grind the food very well at all.
it worked the first two times i tried it, with an apple and a pear.
anyway, i am thoroughly unimpressed and will be returning it.
we used it at least once a day to grind up whatever we were eating - a super easy (just as easy as popping open a baby food jar), cheap and nutritious way to feed your baby good quality food that hasn't been pureed, water-down, and cooked to it's nutritional death!
your child will get used to normal food textures, flavors and the transition into non-baby food will be much easier.
it is incredibly easy to use and clean, and makes feeding your baby fresh, quality foods very inexpensive.
the good: it works well and does exactly what i bought it for: pureeing food from the table at home and while traveling so i don't have to deal with jarred food.
the crank started wobbling after a few uses.
it's great for juicy or very mushy food.
it's a bit tough to open and assemble for washing, but it doesn't have hidden surfaces that is hard to clean.
this food mill does an ok job for what i paid for it.
it is very convenient for on the go use; it is small and fits nicely in the diaper bag.
it is a "turn to lock" type of fitting, but you do this by means of the turn handle which always turns freely without stopping.
it's inexpensive, functional, and easy to clean once taken apart.
we ended up using a fork to mash soft foods and a small food processor for bigger stuff.
my son was 7 months old when i got this food mill.
i was able to feed my son easily and also clean up quickly by just putting the food mill  back into the tote to wash later.
i use it in restaurants and also at home.
i am very pleased with kidco products so far and the reviews on their other products are consistently positive.
it is still in it's plastic wrap.
just about everyone has a blender or food processor.
it worked great with a ripe avocado, and that was about the end of that.
i have yet to be able to successfully turn the handle and press at the same time in any effective fashion.
also, the plastic stains easily.
it doesn't puree food, it's hard to clean, hard to use, and made from crappy plastic.
this mill is easy to use and easy to clean.
it works well but doesn't get the carrots to a straight mush.
they kind of remained pellet like.
great product for those of us who want to feed our babies healthy, wholesome foods.
great for home or travel.
would even work for those who are older and need their food pureed.
one side is blue, white, black, and red - the other side is totally different with greens and oranges etc.
as he's getting older and more coordinated, he is taking more and more interest in the unique features of each section of this "book" -- like the string on the balloon, etc.
i love that i can grab this and put it wherever my baby happens to be -- it's super portable.
it's also nice quality and will easily hold up for future babies.
the pictures look like a five year old drew them and are somewhat scary.
it's also very bulky and difficult to fold up or to bend into the accordion shape you want (unlike a board book version).
at first i showed her the black, and white and since she was 2 months i started to show her both sides- and she loves it!
she can play with it for 30 minutes!i highly recommend it, especially because tummy time is so important and you must have something that will amuse them.and also, i love the products of tiny love.
they have great quality and reasonable prices!
bought this for our 4 weeks when she started tracking and looking at contrasting things...the mirrored section is a big hit, she will stare at this for quite a while and seems to enjoy it
my son has stared at the images on this since he was one week old.
we placed this on our changing table.
our daughter loves looking at the zebra and other shapes while we are changing her.
she coos at it and it's a great attention getter when we need her to stop squirming so we can change her diaper.
i love the item because it is so versatile.
my infant daughter is now 2 months old and this has amused her ever since we brought her home from the hospital.
we have it set up by her changing table and she inquisitively gazes at the black/white/red/cyan pictures.
excellent, versatile color!2.
washable material that keeps it's shape and doesn't fade!3.
can look, 'manly' and 'feminine' depending on who carries it!4.
all the perfect pockets for everything at your fingertips!5.
our friends like it so much, they've bought matching colorado totes and backpacks!
:)
this is a great bag with a unique style.
comfy to carry and there is plenty of room for baby's items, as well as yours.
i use the small, front zippered compartment as my "purse" (and it does have coin compartment, credit card slots, etc.
), i love the little clip on the outside...
i use that for spare pacifiers for quick access.
avent bottles and playtex sippy cups fit well in the side pockets.
i was excited to discover that you can unclip and unvelcro it and attach it to the handle of your stroller!
i am so glad i picked it because it is great!
it is perfect for infants or toddlers!
the front pouch is perfect to carry clippers, medicine and other small stuff.
the inside pockets are perfect jars of food or for a bottle/sippy for that transition period.
plus you'll still have room for your wallet, a couple of outfits, toys and anything else you might need.it's also a pretty good color.
it doesn't really show alot of dirty and it washes nicely.
i'm also not a fan of how bulky and padded diaper bags in general are--as if babies diapers and toys are made out of glass--please!
it is durable in construction, yet sleek looking and colored neutral.
nice slender design and it has much more space than it may appear.
we are now able to make room for additional food and toys.
lots of space in this slim design!
fits nicely in the stroller basket.
i bought it today, and switched all my stuff into it in the parking lot!
i absolutely love it.
it is very roomy, has pockets for everything, and the purse section (front pocket) is wonderful for organizing mommy's stuff!
there is plenty of room for lots of stuff--i fit 4 small board books, a soft big book, a bunch of teethers, flashcards, a rolie polie olie doll, a wet ones canister, my son's shoes, 2 burp rags, a nursing shawl, diapers, wipes, diaper cream, and my personal stuff (wallet, lipsticks, camera)all of it comfortably!
i just love it!
i wish i'd found it sooner because this is bag #3 for us, and our son is only 1!
it holds so much and is very durable.
the changing pad is a great size.
both my husband and i love the look of the bag.
my son started using this toy at about 5 months and he loves to bounce, spin and play with the various toys.
the cloth seat is easy to take off and wash which is a big plus with us since my son throws up a lot.
what's the point in having a music and light toy if you can't replace the batteries, which ultimately means that one day it will just be trash because it doesn't work anymore.
that is my main reason for giving this toy 3 stars, excluding that part i think it deserved a 5.
this exersaucer is my duaghter's favorite, and i couldn't live without it!!
she is always, and constantly, entertained by it.
the toys are very safe, she pulls and tugs and chews on them, without any problems.
i've even washed the cloth flag and frog because she saturates them, and they wash easily and hold up beautifully.
we got this for our baby at about 5 months and he has loved it ever since (almost 9 months old now).
takes a little patience to assemble, but overall an excellent toy.
theme is cute as well.
its easy to spin the seat and everythings really colorful and always catches his attention.
the toys are all very safe, and i just adore the castle theme (my son seems fond of the green frog prince since hes plush and can easily fit part of him in his mouth).
there is room of the "tray" for maybe some cheerios and maybe for my son to hold his favorite plushy.
now she likes all the toys and has a great time bouncing around.
it's also helped her learn to sit up and, at seven months, her legs are strong.
and i love that i can put her in it and move around the house to do my chores.i would definitely, definitely, definitely recommend this saucer!
no wonder you can read here about many experiences of toys to be wary of.2) for a piece of baby gear that will only last your baby until he/she is 12 months, it's too expensive.we compared it side by side with the megasaucer (also by evenflo) at our local babies 'r us and settled for the second one, which offers a few more toy options and costs $20 less, while it still keeps our baby very entertained and gives us a little bit of time to get on with breakfast and other 15-20 minute activities without having to hold him all the time.so, while i wouldn't ditch the exersaucer - ultra altogether, i'd encourage you to visit the store and take a hard look at it against the megasaucer.
but in the end, it made my little girl very happy!
she is 6 months and weights 13lb.
she is very pettite, but still fits in this item well.
i will keep her entertained for quite awhile!!
it has been a real life saver!
thank you evenflo!
i absolutly loved it.
it is easy to clean and keep clean.
my son is very strong and active and has never been able to tip it over or break any of the toys on it.
we put this on our registry thinking if we get it great, if not oh well.
we love this entertainer.
it's light and portable to go to our family's house and great for our house also.
i bought this to help with my daughter's "tummy time".
she still doesn't love "tummy time", but the pillow does make it easier.
we love our boppy pillows and decided to give it a try.
some boppy pillows are a bit to big so this tummy time boppy is a great choice!!
highly recommend it!
this is a great take-off on the normal boppy (which is also a wonderful invention!).
tummy time is such an important part of baby's day, especially because of doctors' suggestions of keeping baby on his back to sleep.
this is a great way to keep tummy time easy and fun!
yes, we can see the print through from our boppy but we don't really care since it's nice and soft for our baby.
they are awesome and easy.
++++
i had this with my daughter, and it was very well made and did help, but i still felt like i was bending over to much to feed my baby.
this time around i am using the best friend , the one that wraps around you so you can move and walk.
this is a beautiful cover for the boppy pillow.
so soft and luxurious feeling.
i used it for several months without a spare and washed it every few days.
and yet it is still in like-new condition!
wonderful item, now that i am expecting again, i am buying another one just like it.
i'm very pleased with it.
it is somewhat easy to see through... not a big deal for me because my boppy is a pink gingham check, so pink on top looks fine.
the velour fabric incredibly soft for my newborn (unlike the stiff cotton of the other one).
after having it spit up on and stained, it zipped off and washed up beautifully!
this makes the boppy 100 times nicer.
it is soft and wonderful.
it is very soft and washer friendly.
i do agree with the other reviews about being able to see your boppy pillow pattern through it though.
the bees almost look kind of purple colored.
i ended up taking this cover back and buying a regular boppy cover (purple with bees).
i loved it!
you just unzip it, wash it and zip it back on.
i used it while i nursed her for a year.
plus, it is still just as soft as the first day i bought it.i had a son in 2006 and i bought a light blue one.
i also really love it.
we painted the wall butter yellow-matching the giraffe & put the border & window valances up-it looks terrific.
the sheets wash very well.
it looks beautiful.
who knew babies can't use any kind of blanket for the first year?
we also bought the matching light switch and the wastebasket.
then you can always accessorize with stuffed animals (giraffes, lions, etc)that are inexpensive and easy to find.
i also took some of the extra border and cut out some of the animals to use as stickers in a few spots on the walls (like over the changing table).
my husband and i love this set.
i washed the bumpers with dreft on delicate cycle and hung to dry, they came out beautifully, it held its shape and there were no rips.
i haven't washed any of the other items yet because they won't be touching the baby.
everyone tells us how gorgeous the room is and we can't wait for the baby to arrive in a couple of weeks to see how he or she likes it.
she likes to look at the animals on the bumper pads and on the border.
my advice is to tie the pads to the corners of the crib first.
once you get the pads on, it looks great!also, the border came off in a couple of places, but we got some wallpaper paste, and it worked just fine and has stayed up ever since!
it looks great with her blue walls.instead of buying the wall art, we cut a few squares out of the extra border and put them in frames.
our baby loves the animals.
we also got the mobile, the lamp, and the wall hangings.
it's great for a boy or a girl, so you will get lots of use out of it.
the colors are nice and neutral, but cheerful enough for a baby's room!
a great bedding set all around.
the comforter part is kind of impractical, but great as a decoration.
we bought this set plus the lamp shade, light switch cover and frame.
it looks nice in my daughters room and it is very versatile as well.
very durable and attractive.
we love the hamper.
my son's room is lambs & ivy precious cargo and the blue goes perfectly!some people are complaining about shrinkage, but the inside mesh liner keeps the actual hamper from getting dirty.
definitely worth the price!
this high-chair was given to us as a gift...and i love it!!
!comfy, secure, durable, long-lasting, etc.
great for eating out!!!
we know that the chair is clean and sanitary.
i loved it until it was stolen out of our pickup truck.
it was fast and easy to use.
great for restaurants.
our daughter likes being at the table with us.
my parents were able to use it with great success for my nephew, so the product itself is wonderful - just make sure there's no lip!!!
we got this item as a late shower gift and we love it.
this item gives her that!
it gives her the back support to sit up during dinner and she loves it.
it is also making her more confident as she is learneing to sit up on her own.another big plus for us it that it is always clean!
my sil uses hers still and her daughter is now 19 months old.
when your child is standing the piano can stand at a higher level and your child can still play on this toy.you can also set the music to play one note at a time, rotate through songs or be silent.i like that.
my three year old enjoys dancing to the music.
it is so versatile, it keeps us both entertained.
for the money this is a great buy that will last you years!
after about 5 months, he fell in love with it and used it daily.
it's a  standup keyboard now and he loves making music with it.
what would you pay for a toy that entertains your child, makes them smile and giggle with delight and plays some of the best toy music youve ever heard?
i bought it for my now 6 month old when she turned 3 months and she has loved it from the day we brought it home!i love that this is a toy that will grow with your baby from laying on the floor, sitting to standing.
which allowed me to take a shower, eat something, etc.this is a fantastic toy and one that your baby will love and grow into for a long time.
i bought this when our son was 2 1/2 months old.
he seemed to delight in the fact that by waving around his arms, he could hit the toys and cause the music and lights to go off.
now, at 5 months, he can grab at the toys and hit the keys.
the music is enjoyable (not tinny sounding like other toys) and there are so many different sounds and sound bits that i can't keep track.
a great toy all around!
at five months old, this is one of my son's very favorite toys and it has been for about the last two months.
every time he gets bored, we find a new way to play with it.besides the obvious ways to use this toy, we have also:- arranged the keyboard perpendicular to the floor so that he can use it in his bouncy seat- taken off the legs entirely so that he can sit in our lap and play with it (he likes to sit, but can't on his own yet)- taken off the legs and used it on the floor for tummy time (his current favorite)there are also three musical levels (infant, sitter, and toddler) and two musical types for six different settings.
definitely a sturdy toy!
this is one of my favorite toys!
she loved the music and the lights.
in fact, the minute i bought the thing out she would smile and squeal with delight.
now that she's a pro walker she still plays with it on occasion but i look back fondly on the days when this is the only toy that could truly captivate her attention.this toy is very durable and i think it's such a small price to pay for something that will most likely bring your child such sheer delight.
my son loved this toy from the 1st day i bought it for him!!!
it is really fun and gets a childs attention.
i like it because you can angle the "piano" part of it any way you want, so it's easy for a baby who is lying down to see the lights.
the toys that the baby bats at to get the music to play are really cute and the music starts with just the slightest tap, which is great for small babies who aren't very strong.
so this is definitely new feature in addition to the other new feature(sitting position).the music is so nice with lovely children's voice.
the music is so beautiful!!
my son got this again from my niece and he loved it fromthe get-go.
it is a super durable toy with a nice variety in music.
it is simple for him to use and entertaining.
it's a great price for all teh use you will get out of this item!
she has always enjoyed playing with it and now at six months she can sit and hit the keyboard.
i like the music and the different modes.
it is very good on batteries as well which is a definate plus.
(we use this in a subaru outback on the middle headrest of the back seat.
plus, the size allows your child to see you better (this has been a huge plus for my son who really needed to see me -- even the back of me -- as he was getting use to being in the car).- the mirror is easy to clean (doesn't scratch the way other auto mirrors do -- see my review of the baby in sight mirror).- the light show and music can be an attention grabber for a cranky infant.
)- the remote control that comes with the unit is super handy for turning the light and/or music off and on (but know that the switch to play either lights, music, or lights & music is on the mirror itself and must be set ahead of time... the remote is *just* an on/off switch).- for those using the music feature of this mirror... you'll be happy to know that there *is* volume control!!
:)cons:- the size can be a negative because it does obstruct the view out my back window quite a bit.
but then again... in my wagon visibility is generally pretty easy.
if your kid really uses/needs the light show and/or music of this mirror... keep some extra batteries (and a screwdriver!)
handy in your glovebox!
!hope that helps!
the mirror is nice for me to keep an eye on the baby.
the colors & animals are nice for baby.
the music is nice and lights are great for baby.
the remote control is nice for me while driving.
wow.
i'm pretty pleased with battery usage, even with lights and sounds running.
now that she's closing in on a year, it doesn't put her to sleep anymore, but she still loves dancing to it and it has kept her occupied during 1400+ mile road trips.
this mirror works so well!
the characters on the sides light up.
it is great!
i have a large suv and wanted to be able to see my daughter in my rearview mirror while i am driving.
this mirror allows me to do that and she also enjoys looking at herself as well.
definitely worth buying to keep your baby entertained and for you to be able to check on your baby without turning around.
the big mirror gives you a nice view of baby.
the music is okay.
it doesn't fit great on our head rests (hyundai entourage) and easily gets dislodged.
the remote with very fresh batteries will turn the music on, but you have to shut it off manually.
i love this item!!
i love the big mirror, you can actually see everything while driving.
the other use is the lights and music it plays.
our baby loves it.
and most times it puts her to sleep.
i don't over use it, i only use it when i have to and it works well for calming her.
great item!
great item!!
it just isn't worth it!!!
she loves to follow the lights.
i guess the music is ok, but we can easily use a cd with better music for those purposes.
being a first time mommy, i was having minor heart palpatations every time my little daughter made a squeak in the back seat and i could not see her.
i won't confess how many times i actually pulled over on the side of the road to check everything out....oh dear!i bought this, my husband had to prop it up a bit with a little burp cloth tucked underneath to position it correctly, but other than that it works great.
this is a cute mirror.
i bought it for my son.
the music is clear the mirror is a nice size & is not distorded.
also, the remote wont fit on the visior of my suv.
we took it out once my son started sleeping in his crib.
he is not at all interested in it anymore which is funny because at his age babies love to look at themselves.
i didn't like this because i couldn't see my son in the mirror.
the mirror is a great size and that make it very easy to see you lieel one...all of your little one.
the lights and music are great and our daughter looks them.
the remote wonderful!
it honestly never hooked right in our altima.
but it works great in seats of our jeep and durango.
as for the safety of the mirror in a crash, we are able to hook it to one of the latch hooks in both suv's and once the strap is tightened, it can't get to her even if we crashed.
the firefighter that inspected her seat said it was perfect.so in short, fisher price has a great idea (that our daughter loves)but it still needs just a little work to earn 5 stars.
my son absolutely loves this mirror.
my pro is i can see my son at all times.
also, it's fun to look up and see his beautiful face as he recognizes himself and that he is truly gorgeous.
that was until my son was in the car crying because he is used to seeing his beautiful face.
i'm especially irked because i live in the middle east and paid all this money to have it shipped here and it doesn't even work.
my son loves it anyway, he likes looking at the animals.
i love this.
?the mirror is huge.
i dont know if there is a newer version but unlike a previous reviewer, mine has an on/off switch as well as volume control on the mirror.
one, the remote is large and the clip doesnt attach to the visor.
but its worth it to be able to instantly settle her down and see her.
its instructions werent helpful.
but once it was there, its great.
my son did like to look at them.
after all, i've been quite happy with other fisher price items i own.
i love this mobile.
the contrast in colors are fantastic and is just what babies are interested in looking at.
with this mobile, he can see a variety of colors and faces.
in the center is a bee with a baby safe mirror so that my son can see his own reflection.
we even took it apart and tried to get it to work the other way, but it doesn't.
so my son's bumper sticks out quite a bit because of this.
he instantly fell in love with his mobile.
it gives it the added touch some other mobiles miss.another great feature - you can attach this to the wall if needed.
i don't know if i will ever take advantage of this feature, but i like knowing i have that option!i give this a definite two thumbs up!
my daughter loves this mobile.
and the reflective surface on the bottom of the bee in the middle has been a real attention getter!
the music lasts a while once you wind it up and it has been great for keeping him entertained in his crib while i run to get a load of clothes to put away or run to the bathroom.
we have 2 sets of twins, 8 months old and 3 years old.
these work very well.
but these are nice looking easy to use and very sturdy.
it is so easy to open and close.
i love it!!
we got our gate about 5 years ago.
we used it about a year with our second child.
this is a great gate for stairs!
we live in a 4 level split, and it allows us to keep our toddler in the upper level only and be safe.
it swings in both directions (if you choose to set it up that way), and opens as easy as turning a doorknob.
the best thing about this gate is that when you're holding a kid in your arms, you just swing the gate closed, and it locks automatically when it's in place.
also, if baby is sleeping, you can quietly click the gate closed.
very important!
we're very happy with this.
based on the ratings in consumer reports and the reviews on this website, i eagerly purchased two of these to keep the kids in our living room.the instructions were very clear and i was looking forward to installing the gates.
it is nice that it has two height adjustments.
it is nice and sturdy and it is really easy to wipe clean.
i bought this stool to use while giving my infant a bath.
it allows me to ergonomically keep my spine in a good position, while washing my baby.
we have a small place and this also adds some storage for soaps or toys.
:o)
we have this stool in our bathroom--my 2.5 year old now uses it to stand on to wash his hands.
the storage inside is a great feature--we put his pull-ups in it.
also i like the two height adjustmetnts.
it's a bit bulky in our small bathroom, but it's worth it.
it is also a great place to store all the baby's bath supplies.
i love this seat.
also i love the two height settings
my baby girl uses this stool a lot.
sturdy construction as i can use it when giving her a bath as a seat and i'm not a small guy.
however be warned... the top is somewhat rounded, and if your child steps near the edges the stool will topple and they may fall.
as a tub side seat the sit 'n store is comfortable enough to sit on, but it's impossible to sit facing forward with my knees against the side of our garden tub and still be able to reach down to bathe my daughter.
if i could just find a comfortable way to use it during bathtime i would give it 5 stars because it functions so well in every other way.as a storage container it is spacious enough to hold all the pieces to my daughter's bath toys and it even has vents on the sides so air can circulate through.my 2-year-old loves using it as a step stool.
small children can rest their feet on it, and if you have a removable child toilet seat, depending on the size, you can store it inside here along with a box of flushable wipes and child hand soap.
this has been a great seat for me during bath times.
there is a print on top of the lid that states not to stand on this in it's highest level, so make sure to read and follow that for safety reasons.
it is the perfect height for sitting beside the tub helping with a bath.
it is adjustable to two different heights and looks nice in our bathroom.
i would highly recommend to any parents of young ones who need help in the tub.
its also a very large space and the top is easy for me to open but my boys havent figured it out yet.
my back never aches anymore and this seat is quite sturdy!
i also plan on using this stool for my 4 month old, but right now he doesnt really have many "condiments"
my toddler loves the stool and i love it since it works as storage as well.
we use it by the tub to sit and play with our son while he's in the tub.
it is steady enough when on its lowest setting, but if you raise the height is dangerous to use as a stepstool as the top is not secure when on the higher setting.for what we need it to do, it works well for us.
this has eliminated any back issues caused by bathing the kids.
my 20 month old now uses it as a step stool to wash her hands.
plenty of room to hold all of the baby's bath stuff and great to use to sit on while giving the little one a bath.
this tub side seat is great because:1) it is a very roomy storage box for all of your munchkins bathtime toys (with a lid that the munchkin can't take off himself)2) it is a durable seat3) it is a safe stepping stool that doesn't slipit has proved to be very useful.
i like the storage aspect of this seat and hope to utilize it as a step stool for my son.
i have added an old boating flotation pillow to the top for comfort and it is just the perfect size for it and adds the cushion i needed.
but bot of my 21 month old boys can use it at the same time, so it works well afterall.
inside right now we keep an ample supply of baby washes and washcloths, making this seat a great organizer.
this seat is a deal for the price!
we got this item to use mainly as a step stool for our 14 1/2 month old daughter.
she is working on potty training and we opted for one of the seat instead of a potty.
the step up is still a bit high for her to manage on her own but with a little help from mom or dad she able to manage it.
we were just lifting her up onto the seat but our doctor suggested a step stool just to aid in the process.
she was always proud of herself as were we when she used the potty but this simple and inexpensive item made her 10 times prouder of herself.
we can tell she really feels like a big girl when she uses it and her potty seat.it's also great for bath time.
we had one of those hook on tubside kneelers and it worked great for us but with age we needed more of a seat than a kneeler.
plus there is room inside it to store a couple of her favorite books for potty time.
it is easy to open and close the top.
it works well for our purposes.
it's easier on your back & knees.
it's also great for holding her bath things.
we love it!
great height to sit on while washing the baby in our deep soaking tub (i have to use it at the highest setting).
this stepstool/seat/storage is great!!!
excellent purchase to travel with for all bathing needs and then you have a stool for the kids at places like hotels and grandmas house.
:)
i am very happy with this purchase.
its comfy to sit on and it suprisingly holds a good amount of stuff!
out of the 2 seat/stools we've tried, we definitely like this one better.
at first, we used it as a seat while bathing my young son.
i still have it & still works well.
this step stool is just perfect in every which way.
it also stores alot of toiletries.
this is the perfect height for your bath time ritual.
when i got home and used the rest assured it was wonderful.
my baby loves it and it is so easy to use and switch baby from side to side when you are laying her down.
it works great for this!
however, i found an even better use!
my son was a big baby (8.6) and grew out of the snuggle nest in a month.
the item is a bit overpriced.
rest assured is a good alternative which accomodates more growth.
the good news is that he has transitioned to his crib beautifully by 2.5 months, but he will only sleep on his stomach.
the truth is that you will probably not need it.
babies naturally sleep on their backs if placed that way.
this is a great thing to have.
i've used it right from the beginning.
she is a squirmy baby and it helps keep her in one spot and gives me a piece of mind during the night.
also, because the sides are velcro, i can reposition them to make them wider as she grows and put her on her side for daytime naps.
easy to clean as well, goes right into the washing machine.
keeps my newborn son in position i put him.
it makes me feel good that my son will not have square head because he always sleeps on one side.
my daughter is five months old and we still use this item!
she sleeps so well and it really works well to keep her positioned correctly.
we love it and highly recommend it.
my niece, who is seven weeks older than my daughter, also loves and still uses hers.
it was recommended to us by a friend who used it for her son.
well, it is the most comfortable one that we have found and actually helps our challenging sleeper nap in his crib (either on his back and side -- whichever he prefers that day &lt;rolls eyes>)!
(hope that helps the reviewer below!
:)  )[side note:  we did originally purchase a folding crib wedge that is wider, but... the foam in that is more firm and so not as comfortable for our son (er, doesn't 'give' at all!!!
plus the outside of that one is plastic so he could slide down it easily and, even under the sheet, its not as breathable (read that as... our baby got sweaty).]
i put it in my baby's bassinet and it keeps him right in the middle of the bassinet.
i love my inclined to sleep.
it's comfy and it works great for infants with reflux.
i washed it a few times and it held up well.
it's great for cosleeping and for nursing in bed.
i absolutely love this inclined sleep as i had many, many restful nights because my baby was comfortable.
the combination of this inclined sleep and the dr. brown's bottles had my baby sleeping for many, many hours at night.
i thought it would be wonderful.
this started happening after about 3 weeks of age.
until this age she was fine with it...but by 3 weeks...she was wiggling and moving too much to use the pillow part.
it's not worth the risk.
this is a must have for all new parents and babies!
my mother in-law got this incliner for us since i refuse the use of pillows and blankets while my son is sleeping.
i guess it helped open up his airway.
my son & i love it.
my triplets were born at 33 weeks and from the beginning they did great.
it may not prevent your baby from having reflux but it does cut down on the episodes and brings comfort to your baby.
i lay this out next to the tub with the towels and blankets on it for him when i get him out of the tub to wrap him nice and warm.
they will find ways out of it.
the inclined to sleep positioner isn't our favorite because our 3 week old slides down in it while sleeping and wakes up crying and uncomfortable.
we purchased the "first years air flow" sleep positioner instead and love it.
the sides do not attach very well to begin with and definitely are not helpful if the baby scoots during sleep.
it is like it doesn't fit properly.
because of her reflux, i needed this to stand up to repeated washings.
even with putting absorbant materieal on top of this to try and protect it, she still spit up right through it.
i registered for this item before my son was born because i was a nervous first-time mom who, like many, was terrified of sids.
once, i found him with his head hanging precariously over the top edge.
worked perfect!
our son developed positional plagiocephaly early as a result of a birth injury that limited his neck flexibility and resulted in thickening of his neck muscles on one side (torticollis), causing him to prefer to sleep exclusively on one side.
this positioner was recommmended as part of an overall sleep positioning strategy to keep the plagiocephaly from progressing.
it did not work well in our case, as our son's torticollis "beat" the positioner, as his tendency to pull to one side was strong enough that the positioner didn't force him to sleep in the "right" way.but that's not to say this couldn't be useful for parents who have a normal sleeper to begin with and want to use it as a preventative measure to assure a variety of (correct back-sleeping) sleep positions.
initially, it worked in getting him to assume the correct position during his deep sleep phase, and with a baby with normal neck muscles our guess is it would do the job just as advertised.
it kept our baby in place and prevented rolling.
i also use it in his moses basket.
overall, great buy.
very useful.
i love this and really knew that he was safe.
then the side part has velcro on the bottom so it sticks to anything so the mattress sheets works perfect.
my infant has problems with reflux and this positioner doesn't provide enough of an incline to help with that.
also helped him feel comfortable sleeping in other places (i.e.
i feel more secure knowing that he's nice and secure in his basinet.
we loved this product.we started using this when we came home from the hsopital.our son preferred it to the airflow positioner.
i placed a lap pad in it as recommended by a friend, so if it became soiled, i could easily replace the lap pad instead of trying to wash the positioner itself.our son is three months old, and still loves it.
don't use it if his room is warm.
both of my daughters slid right down the positioner.
i purchased the 'rest assured' sleep postioner for one of our twins girls & was given this 'inclined to sleep' from a friend, so decided to use that for our other twin girl.
kind of acts like a slide.
tried to use it several times but my daughter hated it.
also it is very small in size.
her head is a round and beautiful.one of the reviews stated the cover shrunk.
this was perfect!
what a blessing!
we purchased the munchkin deluxe bottle and food warmer with pacifier cleaning basket from our local store.we use the playtex disposable liner bottles and refrigerated formula.
you need to have patience to be able to live with it.
fits the avent as well as the thinner bottles.
i recommend using the caps that come with your bottles when you warm up junior's food (repels the condensation).i'd give it five stars, but the beeps are a feature that i wish could be turned off by the user - note to munchkin.worth every penny.
this was very useful to us and we always got it right the first time.
we never had too warm of bottles for our daughter.
we use the avent bottles which are a lot bigger than most bottles (by girth) and they fit perfectly fine in this.
this is actually pretty good!
just make sure you order the correct one.
"can't you just move yours between cars?
it's quite forgiving and easy for my (5' 7&#34; tall) to get even into the tall truck.
if it does, return it for a new base.
some of these bases have an extra hump of plastic in the bottom that keeps the seat more secure in it and others do not.
this way, we can bring our son to grandma's and she can take him for a drive without having to wak him to move him from one seat to another.
plus, the car seat base works with both the latch system and with a regular seat belt.
getting a second car seat base is a good idea if you like to switch cars with your partner a lot
it is great to have a spare for the graco snugride car seat.
now, i'm an "old mommy" who had a second baby at age 43 (surprise!
the base is super easy to install, and the matching stroller actually folds up in one fast step with a "magic button" making this the best stroller i've ever had.
i love graco products, and amazon.com rocks!!!!
it is so helpful being able to lift her out and change cars if needed without major moving of bases.it took less than 5 minutes putting it in my suv ( latch) and has not moved in 6 months...now she is outgrowing her snugride infant seat so we will have to take these out but i would use this system again for our next child!
this also saves us from having to buy a second seat for convenience.also, i love that i can just unlatch the carseat from the base and carry her inside in the seat.
my wife and i have been long-time fans of our graco infant seat, so much so that we would have been willing to purchase a second one in order to ensure that either my wife or i would always be ready to get up and go with our son when necessary.
however, graco saved us from having to do that by offering this base alone as an accessory.some other reviews have claimed that having an additional base isn't really necessary because latch allows you to easily move the base from car-to-car.
*  will you always have the time to switch?
when you're commuting or traveling with an infant, time is an even more crucial resource than usual.
could make the prospect of a guaranteed quick departure well worth the $40 spent on a spare base.
when our son began going to day care, he had to be brought home early on several occasions because of ailments.
we've gotten our money's worth out of this accessory time and time again.
easy to install and fits our snugride classic.
i enjoy being able to use the latch system or simply the seatbelt.
we went with the graco snugride because it received good safety ratings and fit our budget.
our newborn son fit nicely in it and seemed secure - the first few times.
after the first couple of months i started to notice some definite drawbacks:1) it is not particularly lightweight, and even though my son was a smaller baby, it still got really heavy really fast.
then you have to re-thread again on the next warm (lighter clothes) day.
the strap (it was the latch strap) had gradually gotten looser and looser, even though we used a towel to even out the seat (as recommended) and pulled the strap as tight as humanly possible.
definitely get this!
the snugride is a wonderful infant car seat, allowing for securing the child in the seat within the comfort of air-conditioning or indoor heat, depending on the season.
if you own a graco snugride and have 2 cars, it also really comes in handy to have an extra base.
this based easily clips in and out easily and has a gauge to make sure baby is at the right angle.
although it was easy to get it in there, that didn't mean it was correctly installed.since both of us drive baby places in our cars, we really needed another base.
we are considering buying one for the babysitter and even the friend who occasinally picks up baby from daycare.definately worth at least $40.00.
my husband's base is much shorter, lighter, and easier to load and go (click connect from graco).
love graco though!!!
this base is a must have if you are using an infant carrier in two cars.
we have the latch system in both and it took us awhile to install the bases and have a secure fit.
this is a perfect match to our graco travelling system, now we can leave a base unit in each car.
works well ... just like it should.
easy to snap in and out of.
use it with my granddaughter's carseat and it is great to just be able to take it out of my daughter's car and snap it into mine.
love that i found this.
i was very happy to see there was an extra base we could get for our car seat, and this works great.
it is so nice to be able to pick up an inexpensive base and use the same seat in two different cars.
this works well with the system, locks in the car seat securely.
we needed an extra base for my sister who watches my daughter and it works exactly like the base that came with our travel system.
according to our local consignment shops, they are not allowed to sell used bases anymore, so if you need an extra base for a graco snugride travel system, this is what you want to get.
the bases mainly provide convenience.if you will take your baby equally in both cars, then by all means buy an extra base.
for my first born.
fyi, my daughter loves her britax marathon 70.
it definitely looks like a &#34;classic&#34; aka old & simple model.
i took  my chances with model 8402l04 based on the photos and from one good helpful review out of hundreds.
love these bases.
a convenience well worth the extra money.
good value for the price.
this worked great for our snugride infant car seat, platinum, easy to install.
both worked great together.
this is an okay pump for under $40.
on max suction the pump is not very strong and i have to put pressure on the breast and lean forward to make sure i get a good milk flow.
it is easy to assemble, light weight, and easy to use.
my wife is expecting our first child in august, and we will be looking at breast pumps as well.
its ok, it works, they say 2 pums at once is better.recomend u get it, its a good buy.
i used it once a day and it lasted 7.
i did researched and found a pump that others recommended highly.
it also still works after 7 month.my conclusion: better results and the price works out to about the samei miss my inexpensive evenflo pump.
in the hospital i was supplied with a medela harmony pump to use and was very happy with it, i thought this would work the same at home.
i live in a small town and we had a 3 hour ride home from the hospital.
when i first used it, it felt sort of violent at first because i was used to my medela,which is very gentle.
i havent had any problems with the pump at all, and am very happy with this purchase and price.
it dresses up the changing table and is large enough to put toys in it for storage.
one is in my dresser/changing table holding some of my diapers.
the other is in my daughters bathroom holding her towels and washclothes.
... what can i say... online, these baskets looked adorable and the review was a good one.
they are still very cute from a distance, just be forewarned about the quality!
i think these baskets are great.
i have 4 of them stocked on my changing table.
all of it is easily accessible and they look adorable.
be careful with the ties on the liners.
a little bit of work but i am still happy with my purchase overall.
they would nave even worked nicely as little toy baskets, but i will not use them.
if you have a deep wide spot to put them you will love them.
i found this smaller & love it.
these baskets are great.
the white matches my daughters furniture.
they each have their own baskets in their bathroom for bathtime with their towels, cloths, lotions, soaps and toys.
they will come in very handy for when we can use them to store their toys in when they become more active.
they store great in the bathroom closet and also a perfect fit on the changing table.
they would also fit perfect under the crib.
i love the look of this hamper, and it's a hamper... it holds dirty clothes just fine.
the hamper is beautiful and definitely is useful to have.
most of the time the cover sits next to the hamper on our floor, taking up valuable space in my baby's nursery.
it's adorable & works well but pieces will break off from handle area.
sure there are lots of pockets, but once you fill them with the necessities, i.e.
being that my hubby's family lives in new jersey we were able to pack clothes for the baby for two days or more.
i love the material and the design goes great with the stroller and all our other baby things.
its so cute and hold just the right ammount of stuff for my 1 month old son!
i like how the sides have zippered pockets as opposed to others that only have open pockets.
good for light use but dont pack it full of stuff as i did, the stitching wont hold up.
he has a heart moniter that fits well in addition to diapers, wipes, changing pads, two bottles, changes of clothes, and toys.
the shoulder straps are comfortable and adjustable.
i also love the fact that it comes with a reusable changing pad.
this diaper bag is nice and roomy.
the bag also comes with a changing pad in it's own individual slot in the front, so there is no digging for it when you need to change baby fast.this is a perfect gift and it doesn't cost a lot, not exactly stylish for conservatives, but for the new mommy who is on the go this bag is perfect (great for a registry item too).
this monitor is great!
if my daughter wakes up, it will vibrate like a beeper.
i have been using this monitor for a year now and my battery is still working strong.
this monitor is great.
it is also small and lightweight, and clips nicely to your pants.
i've heard with most monitors you need to try them to see what's best in your home.
from then on, it's one of our most popular baby devices.
i use it when i'm upstairs in the shower and she stays in her pen sleeping.
it saves the hassle of moving her closer to me and waking her up or disturbing her play time.
it has tremendous range and the portable or plug in feature is quite practical.
we have this monitor for our 12 mo.
we now have another first years monitor for our 1 mo.
this is the best monitor!
i love the vibration feature... thats why i picked this one.
it works and there is not any feedback and we're in a small place.
i also like the ability to use the batteries and put it on your belt.
this monitor is fantastic.
and best of all you can wear it like a pager.
good news is that it's really durable.
we have a pot with warm water next to me and sat the baby bather on my bathroom sink.
i closed the door and kept the bathroom warm until we were done.
now i use an inflatable tub underneath it.
when we know we will be outdoors, we use it as our baby's chair.
since it is meshy, it helps her stay cool.
she is a summer baby.
i love this!!
it's easy to store, dries fast, and my baby seems very comfy in it.
it fits nicely in my sink and its mesh fabric allows water to flow through.
i love this chair!
we use it in the sink and we spray her off with the sprayer.
we look forward to it and this chair makes it so easy!
this does fold up nice and small, but it is useless.
this seat makes bathing even the squirmiest baby quick and easy.
the seat dries fast, and doesn't grow mold or mildew.
this seat is not at all sturdy.
it does not seem safe at all.
because it doesn't fit in my sink, i use it in the bath tub.
plus the fact that it folds compactly is great.
the frame is nice...the compound sucked.it didn't even take the mold of the foot...it just looks like a square of clay next to a picture of our babymerry christmas grandma!
i'm not sure whether it will survive the ages as well as the sculpey stuff does.
this is cute, and we had fun trying to get our son's hand print while he was asleep.
it looks pretty cute, but don't expect it to be perfect.
and when you cut the edges you can't get them quite perfect, nor can you roll it out perfectly flat without any flaws.
the clay that comes with the frame isn't the easiest to work with.
i purchased this to give my husband for his first father's day & he absolutely loved it!
once for my daughter and once for my son.
the frame is simple, which i love.the imprint material is great and easy to work with.
the frame is nice but not worth it if can't get an impression.
bought this two years ago for my first son and it worked great.
sent it back and got a new one.
must be an error in the current production.
this has been a great item... would use it again.
i agree with the previous review from "meesah".
my husband and i are very happy with the safety and comfort features of the eddie bauer system.
wish we bought that one from the start.
my husband and i were ecstatic when we received a peg perego travel system for our shower.
we love the stroller and infant seat together, but the infant seat base is unable to be installed properly in our subaru forester.
personnel has recommended we not use the infant seat in our car.
my baby loved this carseat.
she thought it was very comfortable!i bought it because of its excellent safety record.
the fabric is wonderful- it washes very well and shows no wear.
it is also easy to rock it on the floor- important for soothing a fussy baby (especially one who sleeps in her carseat at night).
i highly recommend this!
and to be fair, safety is the most important thing.
also, some problems with the stroller:  closure latch and cup holder broke in my first week of using it!
i can honestly say that i am not sure why so many people make this claim but rest assured that while it is safe (coming in at #2) it is not the safest.
if you want the safest infant seat you have to go with a graco snugride.
the lightest seat right now is 7lbs and the heaviest is 13lbs so peg perego is actually doing quite well in keeping the seat at a decient weight.i was until last month a department manager at a babies r us store but just left to take a different job.
good luck and congratulations!
if peg made some adjustments to their seat, it would be fantastic.
my wife and i purchased this in preparation for the arrival of our son.
we now have 4 of these between our two cars and they have worked great.
they stay put in the with each of the carseats (one toddler size and one infant).
great fit in my 2006 malibu and it helps prevent the car seat from digging in.
great investment.
we have (4) of these in (2) different colors for each vehicle.
love them.
within the first week, the 3-yr-old had an accident in her car seat, and there was a puddle at the back of the seat saver.
i am definitely happy with them overall, and would buy again.
the only con is that the top piece is a bit small.
purchased for my 2009 honda odyssey and love it.
great fit and even purchased a second seatsaver for my husbands ford escape.
they definitely do the job and then some.
grey blends in well with our honda grey leather seats.
works great at protecting the seats and matches the car interior perfect!
this seat protector has been great at keeping seats looking new and catching snacks the little one has dropped!
after using multiple covers these are the best we have found.
but, the top half and the bottom half are two slightly different colors.
this item is fairly large, it will surely cover the seating area where the car seat goes, and a bit more also.
if you own a small car, you might want to rethink this purchase, because this seat saver will definitely take space from the other seating spaces in your car...people would have to seat over part of it, no kidding.
it has a gray synthetic mesh underneath to help it adhere to the surface to prevent slippage.
because of the vehicle's seat depth, the prince lionheart two stage seat saver's front flap does not "bend" at the marked area, but still provides a bit of protection to the seat edge.
the backing on the prince lionheart two stage seat saver is a rubber-like mesh, similar to the material used to keep floor rugs from sliding.
this thing is great.
we have bought 3-4 seat savers over the years and this is the favorite.
the bottom is thick, so it protects your seat from imprints and the bottom is formed like a tray to keep spills and food from getting on your seat.
keeps my beautiful tan napa leather nice and clean.
blends in nicely too.
i highly recommend this for people with toddlers who love to snack in the car.
they first of all, work great at the protecting...however, they blend in so well they are hardly noticeable.
this is great.
unlike other car seat protectors this is heavy duty and won't cause the car seat to leave marks on your seats through the protector
very nicely made.
works just fine with no issues in my 2013 mazda cx-9.
keeps the seat clean and tidy.
love it...this is my 3rd one, more cars, more kids, more seatsavers!!!
well the top piece won't stay on the back of the seat and doesn't cover a very big area.
this is one of the few seat covers without odd sticky stuff on the back that will ruin leather seats!
i love that it comes up the back and protected my seat from my rear facing tall guy.highly recommend, have in all cars.
it works perfect and i'm so glad we got it.
worth every penny!!
recently my husband and i purchased a saab 9-5 wagon, our first car we bought together, and it is gorgeous, so we'd like to keep it that way.
i very much appreciate the "kick guard" as well, as we have a kicker.
:-)  the seat protector wide and tall, so it's big enough to prevent indents from our "convertible" toddler/child car seat, the eddie bauer high back booster, 22-80 lbs, so we should get many years of use from this seat protector, so it's well worth the money.
big deal."
this works great for protecting your cars interior from a car seat base.
this seatsaver has worked great for our yukon.
the leather seats are very well protected.
i purchased one of these 4 years ago, just before my first child was born.it's still in use in our suv.
ours has been used for the last 3.5 years and it still looks almost like new.it's a small price to pay for what you get.
!as a carseat safety fanatic, and being pretty educated on carseat installations i felt confident that i could make a decision if this was inhibiting a proper installation.
the add on back was the perfect height, and did not block the tether strap in our f150.
it also stayed upright as i put the carseat into place.this blends in nicely with our black seats and looks good.
while it may not perform perfectly with every single carseat/car combination - if your seat is moving more than an inch in any direction it's not installed correctly whether you are using seat saver or not!
it's amazing.
very sturdy material, easy to install.
it's a bit wide though, so it might interfere with the seat belts next to it (especially if you're using the middle seat).
it has an non-sliding mat at the bottom that helps maintain it in place.
we installed these beneath our kids' (britax) carseats in our car that has fabric upholstered seats.
it is properly curved in place, and is doing it's job of preventing our kid's feet from dirtying the seat upholstery.
i'm quite happy with the purchase so far.
the lower part of the baby car seat never touches the back of your seat.
have used these in a subaru outback and a toyota sienna.
they fit well in the seats and protect the leather.
still in great shape.
this is a must for any parent, especially one with leather seats.
otherwise good, my car seat base doesnt seem as solid with this under it.
we bought this at a different retailer and used it with our first baby's carseat.
i think using a towel could work fine, underneath the carseat, for some protection, without sliding issues.
the back part of this attaches to the bottom with velcro and it keeps slipping/falling down.
it is the best.
this mat is perfect.
this is a great seat saver.
we brought this to the toronto police both times for our graco snugride 35 (infant carseat) and our diono (used to be sunshine kids) big kid seat.
all seatsavers took some time to properly secure as we have leather in both vehicles, but it was well worth it.
i use it in my jeep grand cherokee and am so glad that a friend told me to buy it!
easy install and really does protect those expensive leather seats!!
the bottom of this is a harder plastic the the others i have seen in stores which i think is what helps this.
i read a negative review about the back part but overall this thing is perfect.
saved our leather seats, just wish the backing was a bit longer to allow for more height.
easy to remove, clean and captures all of the cherrios, goop, and other crazy kids stuff without harming your seats.
a great purchase for the price.
there are some pockets inside to separate things, and pockets on the outside also.
(also, this doesn't have a refrigerated compartment, which is important if you're carrying stored breastmilk).
look.
it also has plenty of pockets for me to carry my stuff in it without a purse.
i love that there is a pocket built in for those clothes you had to change baby out of while out, and the interior mesh pockets are the perfect size for a small box of wipes and about 7 diapers.this is the best diaper bag!
bag is nice quality and doesn't have that "cutesy" look.
awesome!
also, as an extra benefit, it eases my mind about my baby monitor.
sometimes my monitor quits working, and with this making a constant gentle noise, i can always tell when my monitor is working fine or when it has lost signal.
we use this for every nap and every evening sleep with our now eight month old.
this works perfectly fine for us.
you can get really creative with the sounds.
it allows you to combine them which is unique.
we received this as a gift at our baby shower.
we even take this with us when we travel.
we use it 3 times a day and i use it when i take a nap :)so many sound options and it's holding up nicely.
we even take it with us on vacation as it provides a feeling of home when sleeping in a hotel room.
we set it on her dresser right next to her crib and although we sometimes switch it up, usually we use the ocean sound.
i wouldn't quite describe this as a "must have" but ours does get its fair share of use.
plus, we notice our daughter seems to sleep better with music/white noise in the background.
you can only mix two sounds together and you can only mix the ones on the left with the ones on the right.
when i was pregnant with my first son, i bought one of these for his nursery.
he prefers the ocean sounds with buouy.
there are tons of sound combinations, a volume control, and best of all, there is an adapter, so you need not spend a fortune in batteries.
my wife and i bought the dex products sound sleeper  sound machine when we read inhealthy sleep habits, happy childthat this would help our new born sleep through the night.
the current version is worse in many ways, and i do not recommend it.pros:> it's a nice size, and easy to use.> it does what it says> it's fine if you have an outlet and your power never goes out.cons:> the power cord is now permanently attached and cannot be unplugged.> the battery compartment cannot be used.
that's right, you cannot use batteries with this unit.
sure an iphone or other radio could do the job but, sometimes it's nice to have a dedicated device that does one thing and does it well.
at it is, it defaults to the first sound when the power returns.
it is extremely easy and intuitive to use.
the heart beat and rain are much quieter).
the ocean sound is very realistic and has much better sound quality than the competitors version at my mom's house.
we usually use it plugged in but have found the battery option invaluable for traveling.
we are buying a second one for the next kid!
we bought our first one for our daughter 2 years ago and it is still going strong.
we bought a second for baby #2 and have had no issues in 6 months of constant use.
it drowns out noise nicely and we are glad to have them in both the kids' rooms.
highly recommend for little ones!!!!
we use this for all night sleep with our 4 month old.
we used to have a sleep sheep but we needed to turn it on every time our baby stirred to help ease her back to sleep.
this one is great and inexpensive!
it always goes to a mid level volume.
hope this helps people.
got it elsewhere, but i love this!
not a fan of the womb sound, but the others are great.
we love this for background noise for our toddler to sleep with.
it has really helped us establish a great sleeping pattern with him, which means mom and dad sleep better.
i only wish this had a better way to mount it on the wall out of playful fingers reach.
the quality and variety of the sounds are great.
there are cheaper versions but it's worth the few extra dollars to have sounds that are actually soothing as opposed to strange.
it has a number of settings (timed, continuous, combining sounds, even womb sounds).
i bought it for the womb sounds, but never used it because i liked the others.
i've been using the sound sleeper for a month now and it's great!
i immediately remembered this being on our registry and purchased it right away.
there are definitely other combinations to choose from, but those work for us.
the volume is great and has a great range from quiet to loud.
the sound sleeper is definitely a must have for out lo.
volume is great going from quiet to loud.2.
it doesn't interfere with us hearing our dd on the baby monitor.3.
this is the only sound machine we use for our son.
it's got multiple choices and you can combine them to make a custom white noise for your baby!
these sound sleeper is so durable.
this is my second one.
my sister gave me hers that she used with my nephew who is 9 now so it's over 9 years old and its still working awesome in my 2 yo sons room.
we use it every night on the &#34;ocean&#34; setting as well and it works like a charm.
it puts my kids to sleep and my husband.
the sound has numerous other sounds (rain, thunder, etc).
i guess i will continue my search!
all the other "natural" sounds seemed very unnatural and mechanical.
wow.
we have used the ocean sound because our house is at the beach and we know he likes listening to real waves.
it works great!
we bought the sound sleeper and it was like magic!
there are alot of settings for different sounds and i like that it has a 1 hour timer feature.
happy sleeping!
i love that you can mix and match sounds with this sound soother - my girls like the womb sounds particularly.
the sounds are great and i think the volume control is perfect and loud enough for my babies to sleep comfortably.
we have been running a cd player with rain sounds in our son's nursery for months now.
not true.
works great - does have plenty of volume contrary to some reports and is easy to use
i am a light sleeper since having my children and this noise machine has been my lifesaver.
i like this model the best because it can run all night and has a sound i like (wind).
variety of sounds, useful volume options, and affordable price: this has been perfect in the nursery!
this is just fantastic.
tons of sounds to choose from3.
small, fits in our playards little rack where we keep diapers and such.
also easy to pack when staying somewhere overnight.4.
easy easy easy to use.
i never even read the instruction manual.bad:1.
that is more than enough for us, especially since it is right next to our babies crib and as long as he hears it we are happy.
i hope that helps!!
i'm happy with it though because as long as i set it to the desired volume at night before bed it works great.
my main issues with it are those described above and that it doesn't have a memory... when yo turn it off then back on it goes back to a default, not the combination of sounds and volume level you had it on last.
many different choices of sound.
i had half of the sounds stop working after 2 years and using it for all of my son's naps and bedtime.
i phoned the company and they sent a new one no questions asked.
i love these bottles.
other than that my son and i are very happy.
this bottle system is great for the 4oz bottles.
also if anyone has tips to make powdered formula in the 8oz bottles email me cjal7784@aol.com
these bottles are the best!
she switches back and forth between bottle and nursing and is great!
this bottle system is so easy to use.
i love them!
5 stars.
our daughter was able to go back and forth between breat and bottle at each feeding very easily.
we tried going back and forth btwn breast/bottle using the avent bottles but our daughter would get so frustrated and very messy.this is a great set i highly recommend for new parents whether breastfeeding or bottle feeding!!
i primarily breast feed and pump so my husband can bond with baby during feeding also.
the playtex nursers worked well with the gerber breast milk storage bags as well as their own liners.
one drop on the bottom of the bottle, and you might as well throw it away.
however, for a newborn or small baby, these are great.i also like how all of the parts: liners, nipple rings, nipples, caps are interchangeable and can be used on the playtex original or decorated nursers.
the nipples are a little different between the two, but they still work great, with no leaks.another reviewer mentioned that playtex liners are expensive, and i would have to agree, they are.
i love that there's minimal clean up-just wash the nipple and rinse off the nurser and ring and your good to go!
the nipples are easy for my son to latch onto and they're also very soft.
i love that i can squeeze out the air so i know it's not going into my son's stomach.
while i love the modern look of the premium nursers, i've found that the original nursers are easier to hold and don't hurt your hand when you squeeze the air out.
bj's brand (berkeley and jensen) come 200 per pack and cost $9.99, whereas the playtex liners cost about $8 for 100.
this is because the bag collapses and creates pockets of food that never get eaten.
they cost about 99 cents each.they work great.
there's a bottle, ring and nipple.
this system is working great, it  attaches to my pump and stores easily.
its a great way for my husband help with feeding and the nipples it comes with helps avoid confusion.
i highly recomend it if your breast feedinf.
it's not easy to squeeze the air out.
not worth the money on the liners and there is plenty of air that gets into the liner even if once in a while you do manage to get the air out.
the original liners are very difficult to position in the bottle and aren't worth the hassle.
the disposable liners are very easy to use, but tend to collapse and leak.
anyhow, it is very convenient for at home use.
it is not convenient when you are out and about.
overall i think playtex has the best bottles and nipples.
now she's a pro!
i love this system because it's so easy.
it is also very convenient to store, freeze and feed her with the bottles and liners.it is the only bottles i use!
my son only gets breastmilk, and the system works great for bottling/storing/serving breastmilk.
in conjunction with the breast milk storage kit, i am able to express milk directly into a bottle.
when the milk freezes solid, i am able to remove the liner and lid from the bottle.
particularly because i will be able to use the system again for our next child.it is a tidy, easy system that works great for me and for my son.
i switched to avent and my baby is like a different baby.
i adore these bottles.
reasons i love these bottles:1.
for people who don't have a dishwasher (we didn't with our first child)sterilizing bottles is a real chore.
the bottle shape is perfect for all little hands to grip around unlike the avent brand which are just huge for them to hold.3.
i had two children who breastfed and both could switch successfully between the playtex nurser and the breast without problems.4.
they are sturdy and the new design is simple and stylish.5.
they adapt perfectly with the playtex breast milk storage system.
easy to use, clean, store, warm quickly, and travel with.
you have to make sure they open properly to get enough milk inside and then you have to tear off the edges.
these bottles are great for a few reasons;natural latch nipples-perfect for going back and forth with breastfeedingdisposable/recyclable/very sanitary inserts for milk/formulaso easy to use and cleanwe have avent, dr. browns, gerber, playtex vent air, etc.
but these bottles are the best and all we ever need!
finally a system that works for us.
i love playtex and the drop ins are very convienient and easy to use.
i have now bought the 8 ounce bottles and use them also.
these bottles are great.
my baby burps right away and is never gassy.
i also heat her formula up by putting hot water in a cup, putting the formula in a liner and dropping the liner into the warm water.
after breastfeeding my son, i decided to use the playtex nursers for bottlefeeding.
well, my son got a lot of air with these bottles and did not like the nipples.
also, i tried both the playtex bags and wal-mart brand.
if you compare them with the playtex (both the 4 oz and 8 oz), the wal-mart liners are smaller in circumference and will not hold as much.
i use dr. brown bottles when i am home.
baby is breast-fed and i registered for avent bottles on a friend's recommendation.
i wanted to be able to pump and enable my husband to feed her at night.
our baby hated the avent bottle and wouldn't take the nipple.
i really love the convenience of the playtex premium system with drop-ins liners.
we'd have to give him mylicon drops every two hours to keep him happy.
these are the best bottles out there!
these are really nice nursers, they are easy to clean, use and the liners are super convenient.
i also find because of this he tends to gulp and takes in a lot of air.
what i have discovered gives him the best latch as well as minimum air and sucking much like sucking on the breast are the gerber nuk nipples.
and i have tried the avent as well.
these bottles are the best for switching between bottle and breast.
you can also buy more caps.
the adapter definitely works with the medela pumps.
in fact, the drop-in liners are so easy to use that i often filled the bottles one-handed in public.eventually we bought more of the playtex bottles (in the 4 oz.
even if you intend to breastfeed, these are worth considering as a "just in case" addition.
i bought a few different kinds of bottles while i was pregnant since i planned on breast and bottle feeding.
in seven months, i have not been able to find another type of bottle that my son will take.i also cannot believe how easy it is to warm the formula (or breast milk) in the liners as opposed to another bottle.
it's wonderful!if they stop making these when i have another, i don't know what i'll do.
they are just the best!
they are the best bottle around to allow for easy transition from breast to bottle.
i want to be able to use it.
and it's accurate.
this is a good thermometer for baby.
we like it because it takes baby's temperature quickly and is easy to use.
makes it very easy to take temperatures rectally which is the most accurate way!
love how it folds and is always accurate.
we love this thermometer!
i highly recommend it.
buy with confidence.
this is a great item to have for you diaper bag and at home when those moments of sickness arise.
body temps read differently when taken axillary, orally, rectally, and by thermoscan.
it's so easy to use!!
it also has a backlight on the screen so you can use it in the dark, which is nice if the child/baby is sleeping and you dont want to turn the light on and wake him/her up to take their temp.and i love the way to folds up inside itself so you dont worry about loosing the cap or cover, which i always do.this is a quality thermometer and especially for the price!!
it folds into itself for easy storage and protection.
a must-have for an infant's medicine cabinet!
every parent has to learn what he/she is comfortable with regarding their child's health.
holy goodness.
piece of mind.
it's worth the 50!!
the thermometer folds quite compactly and the display is very clear and has a light.
this is a great buy.
this thermometer is quick and accurate.
it is a great deal for the money.
i am a nurse and love how fast and accurate this thermometer is.
i've taken my own temp multiple times in a row to check it's accuracy and it's always within 0.1 of a degree.
the fact that the tip is flexible and folds up to protect the tip is a bonus.
i received this for a baby shower and i love it.
i purchased this to replace my 1st 8 second thermometer that finally died after 4 years of use.
the temperature always varies and is not accurate at all.
the first time i used it it seem to work amazing!
this pump is fast and does not hurt once you get use to it.
this works great now that my son sleeps through the night, so i do not even have to get up to pump.this pump does take two hands if your breasts are heavy with milk because the plastic shield will need to be held firmly in place to allow the best suction.
the unit is much quieter if you use the cover or place a pillow over the top.
it was great.
the first years works.
it works slowly and loudly,it leaks, and the shield (and assorted parts) need to be boiled regularly because it gets "out of shape" and won't suction.
it has a dial for adjusting suction and the pieces come apart easily for cleaning.
it comes with two textured breast shields (1 small and 1 large) and if you don't like the textured shield, you can contact the company for an untextured shield.
great customer service!
the pattern is soothing and classy, with muted blues and yellows.
there are several different materials on the quilt, which adds texture.
although quilts are not recommended in cribs, i throw mine over a rocker and it is a really nice addition to the baby's room.the item i did not use is the valance.
everything else in the set was used and i even bought an additional matching blanket.this set is wonderful for a boy or a girl.
very sweet for a baby.
we're having a girl, but know that we want more children.
i hope to be able to use this set again for either.
however, i talked to a friend who bought a different design by the same manufacturer and she said they are all the same in that respect.
nice design.
goes well with everything ( except bright red ).
we bought this for our baby boy that we're expecting in a couple weeks and it is absolutely wonderful.
we couldn't return it because it came as part of the package.
i bought this for my baby boy 4 years ago and the blanket/fitted sheet still look like new, even after all the washings.
very good quality even after 4 years!
i also love the quilt that comes with the set...it's perfect size to put on our living room floor as a "playmat".the only part of the set that i had no use for was the diaper bag.
(i keep my son's diapers under his changing table.)
it has a very quiet motor and the lullaby is great.
my son likes to look at it, but it has way too short of a song and spin cycle.
now our son is able to watch it spin for a much longer time and he prefers the ocean aquarium music anyway.
the colors are nice & calm the music is clear.
friend loved this item!
we bought it off their registry as a gift, they love it.
certainly not worth $40.
it's cute because it matches my baby's stars/moonbeams nursery theme but it's not the best quality.
the first time i used it came apart during use.
i bought this as an "easy" way to pump.
i love it, but wound up not using it very often, as it has a lot of pieces to wash and put back together.
this item is perfect for a new baby.
it is available in cotton for warmer times and fleece for colder times.
we loved the first one so much, we came back for more!
my son recently outgrew his medium sleep sacks.
while the fleece one is a great size, the cotton one shrank almost to the size of the medium!
(i use the fleece one now and will change to a cotton one in the warmer months.)
my guy love's his sleepsacks.
i really like the subtle design and unique color.
we have been using halo's since our son was born.
i have love these.
i keep 2 cotton ones and 2 fleece ones in her drawers.
i love the cotton ones for summer and the fleece ones are perfect for winter.
i always worry about my baby girl getting cold and these are perfect.
gives me peace of mind that she is warm.
i love these halo sleepsacks!
they're perfect for our seven month old daughter.
it's lightweight and a perfect replacement for a loose blanket.
this is great for spring/summer.
i like that it zips up from top to bottom which helps with diaper changes.
i love it.
it provides just enough blanket without being overly warm.
it's a great summer-weight blanket for folks like me who use ac to blast their houses into another ice age.
it's nice and warm.
i love the halo sleepsack.
they are lightweight and perfect for winter and summer, keep little tootsies warm outside of footie pajamas, and come in three sizes so that they are always roomy and comfortable.
and he wears a large with lots of room to spare.
he is still too little to know how to keep a regular blanket on himself at night and naptime, so the sleepsack is perfect to keep him warm on cold nights and chilly afternoons.
the quality of this sleeper is good.
it's soft and has a cute design.
i ordered a large based on the description (my baby girl is 11 months old).
i returned it for a medium and the medium is still huge.
i am a huge fan of the carter's sleepers.
they are perfect and have sleeves.
my seven month old does occasionally go to bed with a teddy bear (he insists upon having something to cuddle) and we keep his limbs out of the crib slats by way of a breathable bumper.
but it is nice to be able to keep him warm without putting a blanket in the crib, as a blanket that could get around his face does give pause.
it was safer than putting him in his seat wearing his fluffy down coat, and kept him warm.
my son is 15mos old and will not keel a blanket on him at night.
this keeps him warm and i don't have to worry about him kicking it off.
nice and soft, good quality.
i love halo products!
we received a sleepsack as a gift at a baby shower and ended up ordering another one in a larger size once our son outgrew the newborn size.
the sleepsack is great for our son because he likes to sleep with his arms free.
the sleepsack is easy to put on/take off and the zipper allows for easy access for diaper changes.
my daughter loves her sleepsack.
we put her in a onesie underneath, when cooler will put something warmer on underneath.
we've got 2 so there's always one clean.
worth the money!
it is still a bit heavier than the one summer infant sleep sack i have (pink butterfly's) .
i will stick to the solid colors since i also have a solid halo swaddle that is heavy fabric.
i feel better knowing that my son will stay warm throughout the night with these wearable blanket.
they are wonderful because you don't have to worry about the blanket falling off or accidentally covering the baby's face.
the cotton ones are perfect for summer because it is light and airy.
my baby knows it is bedtime when we pull out her sleepsack and settles right to bed (typically).
this is a good choice for a lightweight sleepsack.
right now, she's a petite 2 yo (approx.
the xl is perfect on her right now.we keep her room at 70 degrees and she wears a short sleeve onesie, fleece zip-up footed pajamas, and this cotton sleep sack to bed.
we love this sleepsack for our daughter!
we feel comfortable that she has something on that is like a blanket but safe.
we have been using halo sleep sacks for my son for a while now and we needed to upgrade to an xl because he is getting over 25 lbs now and 30 inches at 18 months.
i like these sacks because they discourage climbing and keep him warm at night because he never keeps his blanky on.
we are in the next size now, and still very happy.
definitely recommend.
we have these in many different sizes and have used them through all of the stages of growing.
we have been very happy with them and they work quite well in the stages where you shouldn't use blankets.
soft and cuddly.
the perfect weight for sleeping.
this baby cack is very good quality.
it is very soft on baby's skin and we are ready to order the next size.
it came well wrapped and packaged.
the weight of this fabric is great as it gets warmer outside.
i want to be able to put my baby in a sleep sack, but the fleece are becoming much too warm for this time of year.
i love that i know he is sleeping warm and cozy bundled up in his wearable blanket.
these are lightweight and easy to care for.
i love the peace of mind they give as opposed to a blanket.
the sleep sac has been great.
i put him to sleep with a long sleeve onesie on and thats enough to keep him warm.
keeps our baby warm.
we used the swaddled all the time for our daughter for the first few months.
we even had an issue with one of the swaddles and my husband emailed the halo company about it and received a response from the founder of the company who seemed genuinely appreciative of our feedback.for that reason, we have stuck with this brand and have been using the wearable blankets as she has grown.
these are wonderful products made by a great company who stands behind them.
we love the halo sleep sacks.
great as an extra layer for baby and keeps her from sticking her feet outside the crib and getting stuck.
great for keeping his legs out of the crib slats for the most part (he somehow still manages, but this keeps them from going up past his knees i think).
helps us all get more sleep.
i love the halo sleepsacks and this one is super cute.
love these and i will definitely buy more.
this one is so cute and is super light.
i'm a big fan.
it's the favorite.
we ordered this sleepsack for our two-month old (who's over 10 lbs) and found it quite large, although it appeared smaller after washing it.
but it is soft, comfortable, easy to put on/remove and does a good job at keeping her warm at night.
super cute and soft.
i am still pregnant but i am excited to use this for my lo.
it get's a little chilly at night and these seems cozy enough to keep her warm.
my baby sleeps better because he is warm and i don't have to worry about him pulling a blanket over his face.
this cotton sleep sack has been perfect during nights when it is too warm for our fleece sleep sack.
my son is 10 months and around 20 pounds and the large size is nice and comfy for him.
the light blue color and cute dog pattern is adorable also.
my 16mo son has been using halo sleep sacks since birth and we are big fans.
life saver!
this is the second child that we used the halo sleep sacks on and they have been great for us.
i love that he uses it as a sleep que, when we get this thing out and put it on him he starts rubbing his eyes and yawning.
it keeps him at the perfect temperature and comfortable.
he has also learned to stand up in the sleep sack in the morning in his crib without problems.
my daughter transitioned from swaddling into sleeping in a sleep sack.
they keep my son warm enough without making him too hot.
i also like the comfort of knowing he wont get his legs stuck between the crib bars.
these are so awesome.
i have been using these from the very beginning and i and the baby love them.
love their products.
our son's been in halo sleepsacks since he was 1 month old.
i love the light turqoise-ish color with cute little owls on it.
this sleep sack has served us well.
durable, breathable and best of all, safe.
make a muslin version to compete with aden and anis please!
i wish we had found out about halo sleepsacks sooner!keeps my baby nice and warm, without worrying that she will get tangled in a blanket.
halo sleepsacks give me peace of mind, knowing that she will stay safe while she is moving all around, and warm at the same time!also, the great thing is that they zip from the bottom so that you can change diapers in the middle of the night without removing the whole sleepsack!love these, i would recommend them to any new parent or parent-to-be!
this is perfect as an extra blanket ...easy to get on and to change a diaper in the middle of the night...he has plenty of room to wiggle around in it...recommend this for babies to have a safe blanket to use...plus its made of soft fabric
once my baby started rolling and moving a lot these wearable blankets did a wonderful job keeping him warm and safe.
i would highly recommend them.
sleep sacks are perfect if your child is prone to getting their legs stuck in between the slats of the crib.
this cotton sleepsack is perfect for baby who sleeps in temperature of ~73 degrees year-round.
i agree with other reviewers that there is significant shrinkage after the first wash. for reference, the size medium of this cotton sack is similar to a size small fleece halo sleepsack.
our newborn is a very active kid, and no matter how tightly we cover him with blankets he manages to quickly "free" himself from those.
it has helped keep our boy warm and secure, and it has no chance of getting crumpled up and becoming potentially dangerous.
it's great when it's warm out but not so much when it's freezing.
if you live in colder climates, i highly recommend the gro sleep sack.
they're so soft and warm, plus they come in adorable patterns.
i tried a night gown first but the open hem allowed his feet to be free to get stuck in the crib slats and use his feet to propel himself around the crib (horizontal monkey-bars style) and *not* go to sleep.
i have not tried the fleece version (it is summer here) but the cotton one works really well for us, worn over a long-sleeve onesie (air conditioned room).
my daughter has a rotation of these sleep sacks.
i especially like the pattern of this one.
the animals are cute and work for a boy or a girl.
the halo innovations sleepsack is a much more affordable option and a great weight for summer.
we have had our son in halo sleepsacks ever since we stopped swaddling him.
they are great!
we have the velboa and fleece ones for the winter and the cotton ones for the summer.
we've actually talked about sewing one on because our son has become very interested in unzipping his sleepsack to the point where it has kept him awake trying to unzip.
i understand that you wouldn't need the snap for really young babies, but it might be good for toddler sizes.overall, we love these and will continue to put our son in them until he'll no longer fit!
i love the halo sleep sacks because they're safe, they allow my son to move around, and they keep him warm.
i bought this one so we could have one without the velcro straps for the swaddle, and i like that it's cotton so we will be able to use it in the summer without him getting overheated.
i am a huge fan of sleepsacks and after buying many brands i have found halo to be the best brand for wearable blankets.
i love halo sleep sacks, our twin boys still wear them every night at 16 months.
normally these sleep sacks are wonderful, we just got a dud.
i recommend theseus anyone, just make sure your zipper works!
the sleepsack does what i need it to do:  keep my daughter warm as she sleeps.
she tends to move a lot while sleeping at night throwing off blankets in the process, and we bought this to make sure she stayed covered.
this allows you to change diapers quickly while the sleepsack stays on the baby.this does what i need it to do; i'm glad to have bought it.
we live where on the colder nights it is in the 20's outside.
not sure how warm it'll be in winter, but i can always put her in thicker pyjamas.
love the color, good for a boy as well.i definitely sleep better knowing she's not going to smother herself especially since she's now a pro at rolling over to her tummy.
i love this sleep sack.
it has become an important part of our bedtime routine.
my son knows it is bedtime when we put this on.
the fabric is very soft and comfortable and washes very well.
the sleepsack gives her the cosy comfort of a swaddle with the freedom to roll over without any safety issues.
living in houston, the halo fleece fabric is too heavy and warm, even in winter.this particular design of dots is not our favorite halo design, but it works just the same as the cuter designs.
this is wonderful.
i'm a happy mama.
they are wonderful.
my baby is wearing the small size and at 23" has just about outgrown it.
our child freed himself from his swaddle blanket and it ended up piled on top of his face.
the cotton material is light yet warm enough if the room is cool.
its soft and warm but can still be used in the summer if you keep the air fairly cool.
the medium gives quite a bit more length but it still fit him fine around the shoulders.
the zipper on the bottom is a nice feature for changing him without unzipping it all the way, although out of habit i still search for the zipper on the top!
this is a great thing to have.
perfect weight for summer and winter in il.
my daughter is 18 mos, 22 lbs and still comfortably sleeping in her sleepsack.
love these!
so to be different, and/or creative!
its great, works just as expected, i do think halo could make sure with sleeves, or removable sleeves.
i love the halo sleepsacks.
the material is soft and there's plenty of room for my son to move around in the sleepsack without feeling restricted which is good because he loves to move around the crib in his sleep!
everything it says it is, nice soft cotton, zipper never failed on us.
very wonderful blanket!
works like a charm at letting baby know that it's time to go sleepies (whether it's naptime or bedtime).
this is a nice, light weight.
i am giving it 5 stars because for what it is, it is great.
but it is sturdy construction, the cotton is a very nice and tight weave and it fits my 22 lb, 32" tall baby nicely.
when i use this i use it with his heavier jammies, and i will probably use this more in the spring.
my 10 months old baby has now been using this one every night for the past 2 months, and probably still will for a while :)very practical, it still allows her to roll over and sit easily in her crib.
cotton is very soft of great quality even after weekly wash/dry.
zipper is still fully functioning.
this sleep sack is a great one for a nice light layer while sleeping.
i seems true to size and is made very well.
it's larger than i expected but i will keep it until my son can fit into it.
my son is 25 lbs and around 28 inches, which is why i bought the large based on the weight recommendation, but even the medium is quite large on him right now.
this is a great sleep sack for warmer nights.
the sleep sack is snuggly and warm.2.
our son moves constantly, awake or asleep.
my kid used these for almost 2 years.
they were perfect to keep her warm.
great alternative to a blanket, especially if you have a child like mine that moves a lot in their sleep.
i've used the micro-fleece for winter and the cotton for summer and will continue to use them until she grows out of the sizes offered.
i love these!
these are the safest way to keep your baby warm, without having the risk of loose blankets in the crib.
these work great, are well made, hold up to many washes, and even open at the bottom for easier diaper changes.
i own several of these in different sizes for my little one and definitely recommend them.
i also like how the material is breathable cotton so that they keep my baby warm without the risk of overheating.
i would definitely recommend buying several of these.
love these and still using for my one year old.
it keeps him warm all night.
we started with the newborn size with the optional swaddle.
i'm a fan of the halo sleepsacks and their functionality.
however, when the weather gets really hot during the summer, i think this will be the perfect solution so i bought a larger size for my son to grow into it to use it during the warmer months.
this item is light-weight but still washes well.
i can't imagine using it outside of the summer months, because it is really just t shirt material but it is perfect for a little extra warmth in the middle of the night.
this sleep sack fits as expected and it's super cute.
the colors are a bit brighter than in the picture, but it's still one of the cutest, frilliest sleep sacks i've seen.
i am so happy with this purchase!
i use it everyday now that the summer started!my baby is 8months i bought this bag size 24 months and it's perfect!
i highly recommend it!
i love these sleep sacks.
i like knowing my kids will stay warm and not kick off their blankets in the middle of the night.
she's now two years old and still sleeps with one!
i love it because i can rest easy knowing she's always covered.
it's also awesome because when your kid is wearing one of these, they can't reach their pants/diaper and take them off!
i love these and i will use them with all my kids!
soft fabric in perfect breathable cotton.
love the halo sleep sacks.
i like the cotton ones because my apt is always warm
halo sleepsacks are a great invention, my son cannot sleep well without one and i love being able to keep in in all cotton without the worry of him getting cold.
they are roomy enough for them to move around in, and sized generously.
my son outgrew the small size by 6 months (29&#34;), and i skipped the medium size entirely and went right to a large, which he will be in for several more months.
they keep her nice and cozy without being able to be kicked off.
my son is 4-months old and the sleepsacks i had were all way too thick and warm for the summer.
this cotton sleepsack is think, breathable and soft for him to wear in the summer to bed and for naps.
the fabric is soft, warm, and breathable.
the zipper is of high quality, as well.
we purchased this sleep sack for our one year old son.
we bought the large, and it is exactly what we needed.
this sleep sack was the perfect solution!
it's light enough to wear in the summer, and has plenty of room for him to grow in to (he's average height for his age).
this is the best sleepsack out there.
it's reasonably priced and it works great for us.
i love halo sleepsacks!
they are the perfect way to keep a baby warm without adding blankets to the crib (a sids risk).
the zipper works well.
also, keep in mind that baby's grow fast.
you can always go back and buy a smaller size, then use the larger one in the future.
sleepsacks are great.
this fit her well at 3 weeks 9 lbs & still does at 5 weeks 12 lbs with some room to grow.
the cotton ones shrink quite a bit.
blankets are easier to use though because sometimes it's not fun getting her in the sleepsack.
=)
my daughter has been in sleep sacks since birth and halo is by far the best brand.
this is a great summer weight sleep sack that is very very soft.
we've had several of these in different sizes, they work great usually and i love not using blankets (fear of suffocation) but sometimes the zipper pull gets a little messed up.
otherwise, they are great, would have given it 5 stars if not for the zipper pull (not the zipper part itself, just the pull)
we are on our third size of halo sleep sacks and love them!
this particular one is very light weight so has been great for the warm summer.
a bit warm for summer but it is a great spring and fall blanket!
simple and neutral.
love it!
this halo sleep sack is the perfect weight.
keeps baby warm, but not too warm.
the size chart is about right.
i love that you can keep baby warm without worry.
since the american academy of pediatrics recommends no soft bedding this is the perfect solution.
the lightweight fabric of this particular style is great for the warmer months where you just want something light.
and it still gives baby enough room to kick-kick-kick!
my son seems comfortable in it.
nice design having the closed zipper at the bottom.
nice soft cotton is warm without being too hot.
the item is nicely made, but i would only use it on younger babies.
this was the perfect answer especially since we had been using the sleepsack swaddlers.
love this sleepsack for my daughter.
she always kicks her blankets off and this is perfect to keep her covered.
i will order a fleece one for the winter!
i bought one made from fleece first and love it.
zipper is still very smooth.
i bought xl even my son was only 10 months old at the time ( about 18 lb ) but still fits okay.
we use one of these everyday for naptime.
my big boy is 17 months and this fits him perfectly and probably will for a few more months.
i bought this for my 8 months old, and i love it!
the cotton material is very light and soft.
it's perfect for warmer weather.
the sizes run large, not small.
i have a heater in her room that keeps the temperature from 70-75 degrees so the cotton is warm enough for her.
my daughter is in the 90'th percentile for height, and she grew out of the medium 2 months after her first birthday.
i've been very happy with them.
my husband found our newborn's face covered in his blanket one morning and gave us quite a scare.
it is one of the best purchases i have ever made for my baby.
highly recommended!
this sleepsack is wonderful.
i like knowing that he's warm w/out being unsafe.
we bought the medium hoping it would be good and it wasnt... it is great!
great alternative to a blanket and much safer
our son was starting to roll over and outgrowing the swaddling blankets.
this sleep sack is perfect for us.
love this sleepsack!
my son is a wiggle worm and does somersaults in his sleep, and this is the perfect blanket for him!
love it!
highly recommended.
i made sure to wash it how i always wash my daughters clothes.
she still has at least 5 inches in length to grow in this blanket, and it is not by any means snug around her shoulders and waist.i do prefer the cotton even though it shrinks a bit since fleece gets so hot and does not breathe well.
i do keep her fan on low to keep air moving in her room.
that should help give you some idea of how warm but still breathable this cotton sleep sack is!
highly recommend.
i love how i can still hold her on my hip even when she is still in her blanket!update:my baby is now 17 months, 23lbs and 31in.
however this one was very well worth it!
we bought this for our infant to wear in the winter since we keep our house very warm.
and our lil one is one sweaty baby.
it is a safe way to keep babies warm and give parents peace of mind.the fleece is good for very cold nights, but mostly use the cotton ones with pajamas or a onesie underneath.
it is soft, well-made, washes well, cute.
and the sizing is generous, which is nice since it means it will last us for a while!
the medium size worked great for our 3-month old boy, who is tall (25-26 inches), and about 15 lbs.
i really loved the pink cupcake design and the cotton fabric is super soft and breathable at the same time.
after many washings, the designs never faded and the fabric remained in tact.
i loved using these because i was never afraid of sids, yet i knew she was nice and warm in these, even in the winter.
in fact, we used these until my daughter was almost 2 and able to use a real blanket.
this 100% cotton one is perfect for warmer weather.
this is a great idea!!
this remedies both, yet he can still move all around in his crib.
these are perfect.
my 17 month old son moves constantly in his sleep, so sleepsacks are a must.
this one is nice and light.
my son is almost 14 months and went from swaddling to this sleep sack.
these wash well, stains come out easily, and keep my son warm.
love.
the zipper is located at the very top of the neck.
overalll i love this sleepsack as it helps my 10 month old recognize nap & bedtimes and she is able to sleep in every position imaginable without getting tangled.
she can also stand up in her crib (most of the time) without it interfering.
when we were no longer swaddling my son, these were perfect (before it got too warm out.)
he wore a regular footie sleeper underneath and it was the perfect amount of clothing.
she is still moving around a lot in her crib at night so a traditional blanket would just come off of her and get bunched up.
she likes to be warm when she sleeps so this is great for keeping her toasty as she does her overnight gymnastics.
our son is tall, and i was worried this might not fit him, but it is very long and warm.
he is very active thru the night, and this ensures he stays warm.
love them!
purchased for my granddaughter to keep her warm at night in her crib.
it does a nice job and takes the place of a blanket which people these days say is unsafe.
we have two of these and love them.
they have also stood up well to repeated washing.
now at 15 months, we still put it on her to cue her that it's bed time and make sure her feet stay warm.
until i am sure, these things are great for keeping her snug.
it seemed he liked his arms loose, but of course we wanted his legs covered to keep him warm.
this sleepsack was our answer.
we use it with long sleeve onesies and it keeps our little one warm, cozy and safe.
the material is soft after a few washings and the construction is solid as well.
i'm sending it back today
i loved the fleece version of this and bought the cotton one for summer.
and the medium sleepsack has been equally wonderful.
i highly recommend this item!
our son was swaddled since he was young and as he started growing we wanted to find something more comfortable for him.
they fit him very well and i still continue to use them (even at 12 months).
the bottom-to-top zipper really is convenient for diaper changes, and while the sleepsack did shrink somewhat in the wash, that really hasn't affected its fit on our baby.
we went from a fleece sleepsack (infant size) to a cotton one (medium) when the weather started getting warm.
our baby is big (11 lbs 22 1/2 inches at 6 weeks), so we got a medium (one size larger than recommended) hoping it would fit all summer.
overall, i wouldn't trade the sleepsack for a regular blanket, and i highly recommend it to all parents of infants.
we use it nightly and for all naps.
your baby stays warm in this plus stays safe.
these things are great.
they do not restrict movement (my 10.5-month-old can crawl, stand, and even cruise in his sleepsack), and they do a great job of keeping him warm all night long.
this is great if your kiddo moves while sleeping!
it's also nice- the cooler fabric ones- for a warm night with just a diaper so your kid doesn't take their diaper off.
we started using one at about 3 months and still do!
(she's 1 year now)
great.
good size for our 9 month old son.
not too thick, but nice and warm.
overall very happy.
we've used the newborn winged sleep sack, the small sleep sack, and have now jumped up to the large sleep sack.
my baby's just about to outgrow the small (length-wise) and would probably fit the medium perfectly, but as it is winter i am layering the large over the small.
it's definitely roomy around the arms and neck, but layering the sleep sacks has been working well for us!
i definitely recommend the halo sleepsacks as they are functional, affordable, and hold up well in the wash.
we were gifted fleece sleep sacks and after my daughter felt really warm one night, i realized it was time to buy light, cotton ones.
so soft and so light.
hard to explain but it's just perfect for summer and warmer weather.
i use this instead of blankets for my son and its perfect!
and worked great until she outgrew it!
seemed to help her sleep better.
this product works well with the ultimate crib sheet (see:http://www.amazon.com/basic-comfort-ultimate-crib-sheet/dp/b00003xakpwith these two things, you can make your baby's crib safe!
i imagine the thickness of the cotton sleeper will work well during warmer months as well coupled with a lighter sleeper or onesie underneath.in addition to doing a great job keeping my baby warm, this product is wonderfully soft and well-designed.
it's roomy and should fit my baby for a while (unlike most things you buy for baby!).
and, best of all, it unzips from the bottom to the top.
i own three halo sleep sacks, a cream colored one, the one with sweet peas on it, and this baby blue one.
my 3 year old won't give these up.
our 5-month-old has been using the halo cotton sleepsacks for about a month now.
they're soft and warm and have washed pretty well, although they did shrink a bit at first.
it's nice to know that our son can't kick these off in the night- he usually wriggles out of regular blankets within 2 or 3 minutes.
i've used these sleep sacks with both of my kids, each born at complete opposite times of the year as the other, and i love them.
they do get a little bunched up sometimes but nothing that i've constituted as dangerous and they keep the kids warm without getting in the way.
i love the halo sleeper sacks.
they wash up nice, they fit great on my kids, and of course they are cute.
well, they do, and do so safely with this great design.
stays covered all night, fabric is soft, zips away from face with zipper stop cover.
price is good, shipping is faster than direct order from halo.have compared to other brands (mostly european) and like these best.
not only is your baby safer wearing a blanket instead of being wrapped in one, but it stays on, so you know they are going to stay warm!
i bought two in size medium and love them.
the armholes also fit nicely without being too wide.
good color and cute design.
fits my 7 month old with room to spare.
my son sleeps really well in it.
halo sleepsacks are quality and the zipper has never come apart during the night (which i can't way for our aden and anais ones, even though i love the fabric of those).
the cotton ones are great for warmer nights and daytime naps.
we use the fleece ones for cooler nights.
it keeps my mind at ease knowing my baby is safe and comfortable.
definitely will be buying more.
this is perfect for my 5 month old grandson to use when he goes to sleep at night.
this is much safer and effective than a standard blanket since there is no chance of your child kicking it off or having a blanket wind up covering their face.
gets thicker with each wash. my son is 37 pounds and almost 40 inches and he fits in the xl.
the sleep sack keeps him warm, and he sleeps well.
we don't use it in the summer because he sleeps fine in just pjs.
i will use it again this winter.
the cotton halo is perfect for warm summer nights.
she is 1 year now, and 21# but 32 inches.
i would love a 2-way zipper.
my daughter is kept warm but not overheated and she can move around comfortably.
keeps my son covered up during the night when he tosses and turners.
the fabric is soft and strong.
washes great.
wish there were more vibrant colors.
i have both the halo fleece sleep sack and this cotton one.
halo's cotton sleep sacks are perfect for that transition from winter coolness to springtime temps.
didn't work, he still got out and even if he didn't his hands were still in his face.
this sleep sack is awesome.
it's quality fabric and it's very soft.
i wanted something for my lo to wear over her jammies that would be a little extra something that would keep her warm without her overheating and this is perfect.
i use it over a onesie in summer, and over fleece footed jammies in winter.
they are good quality and last forever through a bizillion washes.
this is by far the best item i have ever purchased for my baby.
its made of a light cotton material.
it is big and will last a while.
it's a genius way to give babies an extra level of warmth without the danger of a blanket in the crib.
:)
good length and size for my big 6 month baby.
lightweight cotton sack keeps him comfortable over pajamas during summer months without using a blanket.
it's soft and easy to wear.
when our son started escaping from the receiving blankets we'd swaddle him in, we started using a sleep sack.
we dress him in something with long sleeves so that his arms stay warm and during the colder winter nights we added "no-scratch mittens" from babies r us to keep his hands warm.
when our son was still in a bassinet, the sleep sack worked well with a sleep positioner to keep him on his back.
i've washed both a cotton and a fleece sleep sack dozens of times and they held up great.
there's no shrinking, fading or unraveling and the zippers still work perfectly.
the sleep sack is the perfect way for our son to stay warm at night and i am so glad i have it.
big fans of halo sleepsacks because of the quality and upside down zipper.
well worth the price.
and it stays on when my baby started rolling over in her sleep.
our 16-month old kicks and moves a lot when he sleeps so this sack keeps him warm throughout the night.
it is the second one we buy of this kind (had a smaller size) and we are all very happy.
it is lightweight that he won't overheat yet thick enough that it keeps him warm.
good quality, holds up pretty well with frequent washing at high temp.
we love the halo brand sleep sacks.
we have used both the cotton and micro fleece ones.
like the thickness of a tshirt.
i am glad, these are really nice especially in winter.
unlike some other wipes warmers, this keeps the wipes warm long enought to actually wipe a babies bottom.
we love them, our boys love them and we even had to buy a portable wipes wrmer!
(we keep ours in the den by the pnp's(thats the most frequent changing station) and keep the travel one in the babies nursery) and in the diaper bag)***** updatewell i just found the perfect wipe, as one of the next reviewers said, pampers.
they pop up nicely, and they never get dry.
this is a great wipes warmer and the wipes do not brown.
our daughter loves having the warm wipes.
it does a good job warming the wipes.
the push button lid release is very handy and easy to operate with one hand - easier than the lids on some store bought wipe packages.
so you can always just pull 1 wipe out.
this is a great item to have for new babies!
i've tested several different brands/types of baby wipes with this, and the wipes that work best with this warmer are: *huggies supreme* (the plain, unscented, non-aloe/shea butter/whatever else, in the red package that says "huggies supreme") and you can get them in big refill packages.
to 1-year, for those middle-of-the-night feedings and changes.
the warm wipes really help to keep the baby calm, because cold wipes can sometimes shock them when they've just woken up and are hungry and crabby anyway.
it was wonderful to not have a howling newborn at 2-o'clock in the morning, when mommy (and/or daddy) is drowsy and sleep-deprived.
makes a great gift, and is on my "must have" list for for new babies!
the other reviewers are spot on that the wipes are not warm by the time they get to baby, but they aren't cold either, and there is a huge difference on the east coast when the house gets cold :)  more important, our baby is happier now and doesn't cry when we change her, which is well worth the price to us.
the wipe warmer has been working great for a few weeks.
our baby really enjoys the nice warm wipes.
you do have to keep replacing the antibacterial cushion in there every few weeks and i found amazon had the best deal for a pack of three.
we unplugged it and just use it as a wipe holder.
that model has a lock on the door, as to not fly open every time you grab a wipe!
whenever i changed my baby's diaper and he cried when in contact with the wipes, i would tell myself it would be nice to get the wipes warmer to make the diaper change a more relaxing and enjoyable moment for my baby.unfortunately the wipes warmer i got doesn't really warm them up, the difference in temperature is barely noticeable, in fact, ten seconds in the microwave gives the wipes better warmth than the actual warmer.
so, if you want very, very slightly warm and very, very humid wipes, get this.
replacing the moist pad is easy and affordable.
i could not have lived with out this wipes warmer the past two years of changing diapers.
i highly recommend it!
i also noticed when the huggies dried out the pad the warmer didn't warm the wipes anymore.
this warmer did fit great on the munchkin diaper duty organizer.
this warmer works well, but requires replacement pillows to keep the wipes moist without drying out.
this warmer is one of the higher priced ones and the refill pillows are an added expense.
i recommend buying a wipe warmer that heats from the top (these are the only wipes that need to be warm anyhow!)
the white and teal munchkin one heats from the top and i have heard it works great.
highly recommend to anyone.
easy to use, read instruction manual.
i also noticed that the wipes at the top were a bit dried out and soapy feeling.
i returned the warmer and found the perfect warmer at a target store.
the target warmer heats from the top to the bottom, which keeps the top wipes moist and warm, just as they should be.
this is a great wipes warmer.
it died after 1 year of use&#8230;..
love this!
if you keep the inside moist, you will not have problems with browning.
this warmer is great for avoiding that.
we just went on our first trip with baby boy and we definitely missed having his wipes warm in the middle of the night :)
i liked the idea of warm wipes from the moment i'd heard of it.
one downside to this is if you don't keep the sponge fairly moistened with water, it will brown and harden.
but overall, this is a really great invention.
well it wasnt.
thank god that it's the summer time now, so my son doesn't really need warm wipes for now.
this is the first one i've owned, but def the most affordable one i've found and it works great.
the wipes go on top.
not worth the hassle.
this wipe warmer does an awesome job keeping wet wipes warm and moist.
i will probably buy the especially for baby warmer, which does not use a wall wart.
do you ever wonder why manufacturers use wall warts?
it does a good job of keeping the wipes moist.
i also like that you can use two different types of wipes:  1) pop-up 2) standard wipes.
which in turn would leave your wipes so wet you might as well use a wet towel.
we use pampers sensitive wipes with this wipe warmer, and it does a great job of keeping them warm.
my only complaint is that sometimes it takes a while to warm them all up.
but it does not dry them out,and my baby boy appreciates the warm wipes in the middle of the night.
it keeps the wipes warm, its easy to use, and it comes with s sponge like pad to keep everything moist.
this catch bends overtime and the lid doesn&#8217;t work so well.
i think this is the best invention ever!
the wipes are warm regardless of the weather or tem in the room.
my son doesn't even know we're changing him at night sometimes.
i love that it fits into the &quot;diaper depot&quot;.
i have the most organized changing station.
plus my baby's comfort is the most important thing!!p.s.
i'm using this warmer with pampers wipes and the combination is just awesome.
the warmer has worked great thus far.
overall, it has been a great purchase with very easy installation and use.
the best part is seeing how my baby boy doesn't even notices when the wipe touches his skin because it is warm and cozy!
way different than using a cold wipe where he flinched immediately and started moving and protesting.
my daughter doesn't care if her wipes are warm or cold.
however, i am a big fan of the warmer.
i think it's well worth it; wetter wipes work better so i can use two warm wipes when i otherwise would've used three or four cold, sort of dry wipes.
as long as you use the included moist pack and keep it moist per directions the wipes stay warm, moist and white.
love the warmer and my son loves it too!
the warmth of the wipes does make a difference to me and it's well worth every penny.
highly recommended.
we love this!!!
i love this wipes warmer!
there is this cloth that you put in the bottom that you have to make sure is always moist, and you have to keep it moist with bottled or distilled water.
it warms the wipes well (just remember to keep the pillow moist), and i can do a diaper change without fully waking up my baby (worth every penny!
i highly recommend!
right out of the warmer , the wet wipe is luke warm , but by the time i take it to the baby , in two seconds , it gets back to being a little cool.
would love to know .
my son seems to love the warm wipes and will flinch when i use the wipes straight from the container, so yes, warm wipes are better.however, the problem is with the warmer's design.
there is a top flap that will not stay closed and the sponge inside dries out, browns (although the sponge's package calls it a non-browning sponge) and cracks!!
i even tried to keep the top lid shut with electrical tape and it still pops open!!
works well with pampers wipes and takes the edge off their coldness which makes our baby much happier during diaper changes
i'm not sure how much there is to say about a wipes warmer, except that it works really well.
we use it for cloth wipes, we replace the little pad thingy every six months, it keeps wipes at just the right temperature, and works great.
this did help.
the lid is also inconvenient to use - you have to push a button to open and close it each time; no easy flipping like the dex.
not worth it!
we can also pull them through the top perfectly now.
its a pretty good wipe warmer.
keeps wipes pretty moist.
also fits on the prince lionheart diaper depot.
the only real drawbacks are that it doesn't have any way to secure it to the changing table without the diaper depot... and it is a bit bulky.
definitely happy with my purchase of the lion heart wipe warmer.
it keeps them nice and warm, not too hot.
wow does it work well.
such toasty warm wipes for sure.
and even putting them in 1/3 doesn't help.
also if you have a summer baby the wipes will heat on their own with this summer we have been having.
and most wipes when you open them up anymore aren't that cold at all.
i had to have a c-section with my daughter, which means we had to stay downstairs in our living room for the first couple of weeks.
she stopped the squirming when i started to use the warm wipes.
pampers work the best in this warmer.
if you want a warmer, this is a good one.
true, the wipes never brown, but the pad does if you forget to freshen it with water.
fortunately, the company does sell replacement pads.
if you do, the lid will pop open until the wipes go down in use.
it will also take a long time for them to warm as this is a 'bottom up' warmer.
as with any wipes warmer, you must use the wipe as soon as you remove it from the warmer or it will become cold within seconds.
it just all depends on your diapering style and your baby.
they're really excited about it, it was on their baby registry and their friends who use it say it's great!
i like it because it stays stationary and the pop-up lid is easy to use - both features make a 2am diaper change easier.
the wipes come out warm and seems to do the job.
this is a life saver for new born bottoms.
it makes changing time much more pleasant.
there is a pad to hold in moisture in the bottom but honestly i found myself pouring in a bit of water from time to time to keep the wipes moist.
otherwise a perfect device.
it was recommended that you wet them with warm water first.
a friend of mine bought it on the testimonial of her cousin, and i am so happy she did.
my suggestion to you, register for it and if you don't get it, buy it if you have the money to spare.
but it is nice to have a warm wipe.
it works great for cloth wipes, they stay moist, and if folded in there right they pop up out of the top too, which makes it nice.
is it worth buying if you're on the fence?
not really, you can warm a wipe up by holding it in your hand a few seconds.
it won't be warm, but it won't be freezing either that way.
but if you want to use warm wipes, this is definitely a good product.
it seems that the warmth was always just ok.
the wipes at the top when the dispenser was full really weren't all that warm.
returned it right back after couple days.
i gave it a 4 star because i bought the one up from this one about 4 months ago and all of a sudden it stopped working.
i bought it in babies r us in canada and declined the warranty.
also, the wipes are cold almost instantly so you have to move very fast to get the effect of a "warm" wipe.
okay, if you move really fast, the wipes you pull out of this warmer will still be warm by the time they hit your baby's butt.
will only work with pampers wipes.
love love love this thing!!
bought a second one to keep at grandmas house so my baby's fanny can stay warm everywhere we go!!
in fact it was so great in the nursery, we bought another one for the changing table downstairs as well.easy to use.
solidly made and loving it so far....
warmer keeps wipes warm but the top pops open repeatedly no matter what we try making the top wipe cold and ultimately drying out the wipes.
in the winter when it's cold, i would just fill a bowl with warm water and use kendall curity cleaners (purchased from dhp home delivery 888-744-7347).
this is what they used in the hospital and we liked it.
the only trick is you have to get the warm water before you put the baby on the changing table.
when it's warmer outside we often use baby wipes right out of the container.
besides, what baby doesn't like a warm wipe versus a cold one?
this warmer is durable and safe.
the moist pad (goes in the warmer before inserting wipes) helps keep the wipes warm and keeps them from browning and drying out.
it also helps to keep the wipes from burning and starting a fire.
the outside of the unit is either cold or warm to the touch.
the warmer is easy to open (opens right in front) and the plug is like an ac adapter so you can unplug it from the back of the warmer if you don't want to constantly unplug it from the wall.
the warmer surface is also easy to clean and to keep clean.
fyi - the portable wipes warmer is awesome as well!
i still use that one when we travel.
we use it.
we love it.
the only drawback is that if you use the pop up opening, the wipes are no longer warm.
pampers) and keep the wipes in the main compartment.
it has been very useful; it keeps the wipes nice and warm without browning or burning them.
he stays warm and comfortable, and is not startled by cold wipes on his little behind.many reviewers on this site commented on difficulties with certain types of wipes.
otherwise, it will heat up and dry out.
as long as you follow these simple steps, your wipes warmer will keep your baby warm and comfortable.
my daughter likes warm wipes, but doesn't mind cool ones either.
but in any case, the wipes stay warm in the warmer and they stay moist.
i originally did not want a wipe warmer for my son....
when my son was about a month old, we used a friend's wipe warmer (the munchkin one) and my son really seemed to enjoy the warm wipes.
overall, i've continued to use it since my son seems to like it, but it's still not my favorite item, and definitely not a necessity!update: not 2 weeks after my review, i feel like removing another star.
occasionally, the warmer stops.... well.... warming.
it's still plugged in.
my son does like the warm wipes, but the product is pretty much crap - just keepin' it real!!!
sure, this is kind of a luxury item but i figure my baby deserves all the pampering in the world!
those wet wipes get pretty cold in the winter (and the summer with the ac on) and i think it's just a nice thing to do for the munchkin (i think i'd prefer my wipes warm!).
i forgot a couple of times and dried it out a bit.
im happy with this purchase my daughter doesn't like to be cold or hates anything cold touching her skin.
must have especially for colder countries.
i recommend just staying away from wipe warmers at all, and warm your babies wipes with warm sink water, none of the wipes warmers i've given a chance have delivered!
would have loved this for my kids way back when.
i've had family members request that i put one in the bathroom for personal use and i will say that if you like moist wipes in the bathroom, this is so much nicer.
warm wipes for your child, for those late night changes or to use all the time.
it would pop open.
holds up to one package of papers wipes.
it's great to get a warm wipe out everytime.
my daughter definately seems to like the warm wipes better as she doesn't ever flinch or cry like she will with the cold ones.
we've tried three different wipes warmers and this is the best one yet.
pampers wipes do work better than huggies wipes because of the way they are packaged- the pampers wipes are folded into each other so when you pull one out it pulls another out.
however, i've been diligent about keeping my pillows wet and i haven't had to open a new pack yet- we've been using the same one for three and a half months.overall, a great product- the best one i've found so far!
perfect size and color.
keeps my baby wipes warm, so no more late nights changing diapers with cold wipes.
now my son have soft, moist and warm wipes.
it works perfect.
was a gift and they love it.
easy to use.
all wipe brands fit nicely inside.
good value and makes a welcome gift.
he spits up often during changes, and his diaper isn't quite strong enough for him sometimes, so having warm wipes to take care of these little messes is wonderful!
you can always hold the wipe for a while to warm it up, but when you need a warm wipe now, this does the job.
for those middle-of-the-night changes it's great, cold wipes aren't good on a sleepy bottom.
we love it!
this is my second warmer, the first ones heater stopped working and the top would not close.
i ordered a second one and this lid will not stay closed either.
i love this and haven't had a problem changing my son yet.
the wipes are always nice and warm.
this wipes warmer is great!
you have to keep the ever fresh pad in the bottom wet in order for your wipes to stay wet and not turn brown.
we like the wipes warmer, since it does the trick for the most part.
it does not turn the wipes brown, and it keeps the wipes nice and warm for little baby's bottom.
my son never fusses when we use a wipe from the wipe warmer.
overall, it's worth the purchase since it's the best one out there right now.
i would highly recommend it.
it does it's purpose of keeping the wipes warm, esp in the winter.
i'm realistic about my expectations.
i have not had any problems with the lid.--after a few weeks, i actually purchased a rack to put this on as the bottom does get warm and i didn't want it to hurt his dresser top (which doubles as a changing table).--are the last few wipes brown?
also, this has been in continuous use for the past 2 years.
we love it!
we tried several outlets, and the light would still be on as if it was working but it would not warm the wipes anymore!
i just soak my wipes in warm water with a tablespoon of coconut oil and two drops of tea tree oil, then i roll them up and pack them in.
it creates a lot of condensation so when you open the lid to rinse the pillow and refill the wipes be careful that it doesn't drip on your wood surfaces.
we are a baby wipe using family...they are great for a ton of uses other than baby...and we knew just how cold they can be sometimes.
the pop up feature is great and thus far has worked without fail when filled with various brands.
we love it and hope that our little girl will too!
also, in response to people not being able to find the replacement pads, our babies r' us store just started stocking them.
you can't live without one of these with a newbie!
highly recommend for all new parents to be!
this is one of the best gifts i received for my baby shower.
.boy was i wrong.the first time i used it, i pulled a wipe out and noticed that they seemed a bit too warm for my baby's bum.
i had to wait a few seconds before touching him with the wipe.
this warmer has been plugged in and used for over a year now and it is still awesome.
just make sure you check the sponge filter on the bottom and get wet when necessary and this will be you and your baby's best friend!
fyi- you need to make sure the pad stays wet and dispose of the wipes touching the pad as they tend to smell rank.
also, the wipes aren't that warm, but they aren't room temperature.
but it is really nice to have, especially with newborns who tend to be particularly sensitive to cold.
pampers brand work great, they're all "pop-up" style..but huggies come in both a non pop-up variety and a pop-up so you have to be careful.
buy the right wipes, make sure you wet the pad well enough and this little luxury item is excellent.
my wipes are kept warm but do get dried out and brown sometimes if i don't use them fast enough.
it will get kinda reddish in color but i wash it and reuse it anyway.
the warmer does a pretty good job warming the wipes.
babies deserve to be pampered &amp; this is an easy way to make sure the diaper changing experience is comfy!!
this was one of the first things i purchased because i had read everyone's reviews and everyone seemed to love it and called it a "lifesaver".
if purchasing this item make sure you can place it somewhere where there is an outlet, be able to place it on some sort of protector to protect your changing table from water damage, and also be prepared to also buy the travel wipes warmer because your little one will get use to their bottom only being wiped with warm wipes which is not always so convenient if your out and about or traveling.
but we also noticed even when you take the wipes out, they aren't all that warm to begin with.
i love our wipe warmer!
if you follow the directions with the package, your wipe warmer will be fine!
and yes, some wipes are not made for the top part that allows another wipe to pull out after.
it costs about $10, and lasts us for over a month.
this isn't a necessary item, but it's definitely something worthwhile to have!
it also makes finding and getting a wipe a lot easier, since things tend to migrate in our house.
easy to clean, works great.
very nice.
it sits on my bedside table and is always at the ready for a diaper change.
you have to keep an eye on the wetting pillow at the bottom of the interior.
i've dried it out completely more than once and stick it in some warm water and it comes back fine.
she said nothing makes a sleepy newborn more indignant than being awakened in the middle of the night by an ice-cold wipe on their delicate heiny.
first of all, we cloth diaper and wipe - so this review is based on our experiences using it with cloth wipes and home made wipe solution (distilled water, olive oil, baby wash, and essential oils).
we started out using just water and cloth wipes on him, and it seemed to take forever to get the water to run warm in the bathroom in the middle of the night.
however, when you open the warmer in the non-pop-up fashion...  as others mentioned, it does leak water from condensation building up inside.
the reason why i'm not rating it higher though is because i don't find the wipes warm enough.
some parts of it still feel cold sometimes.i also wish it held more wipes.
at my age i was worthy of that blessing!
i used this for both of my kids (16 months apart) and the wipes never dried out.
this is great during the newborn phase when it is the middle of the night, they are drowsy and almost asleep but soiled their diaper during feeding and need a diaper change.
ok, ok, i will admit, a diaper wipe warmer seems like a bit much.
so, i buckled, and sent her daddy to by the ultimate wipes warmer.well, all i can say is that i am truely pleased with this warmer.
and i would buy this warmer again in a heart beat!
the wipes are nice and warm now and this warmer seems to be keeping up.
generally when you need to refill the warmer, you need to remoisten then pad in the bottom (as a busy parent, that's not always convenient and easy to forget about).
we recently decided to switch frome expensive, disposable diaper wipes to cloth with a homemade, organic wipe solution, and this is the perfect container for the little washcloths.
the warmer is excellent; just use your wipe within thirty seconds, or it will cool down significantly.
i am impressed with the pad that you keep on the bottom of the warmer; it retains the moisture from my homemade solution as well as keeps the pads nice and moist and toasty.
nice for the cloth option, though, because the tub is deep enough and the pad is wonderful.
a year and a half later, this item is still one of my favorite baby items.
when i'm out and about and use the cold ones on hand, there is always a little flinch of being startled by the temperature of the wipe.i also love that it is in a protective case that the wipes pull so easily out of.
if you keep it wet, it doesn't turn brown...
my son is 9 days old and he definitely prefers his wipes warmed up!
and be ready to wipe immediately because once the wipes hit the air, they can go cool.
my daughter is 8 months and my wiper is still goin strong.
it maintains the warmth and moisture for long.
this wipes warmer is perfect because it does not make wipes dry or brown.
your baby will appreciate it and cry less when you change him.
trust me, warm wipes make for an easier (read: less crying/fussing) diaper change any time of day.we have used this warmer for both disposable and cloth wipes (now exclusively cloth wipes).
however, i'm happy to say that this works really well with cloth wipes.
i have scorched a wipe or two on the rare occasions when we're not going through wipes as quickly, but it's not a big deal and washes right out of the wipe.
your baby's tush will thank you.
this warmer warms our pampers wipes perfectly, however after 2.5 months of use the latch to the pop up lid no longer works.
i love this diaper wipe warmer and it has helped me a lot as a new mom, but one month after i bought it the top quit latching most of the time and pops back up.
i returned my dex wipes warmer and have been very happy with this prince lionheart model.
adding water with each refill will keep the wipes moist and warm.
i wanted a wipe warmer for the simple fact of making diaper changes more comfortable for my son.
this works so great as long as you frequently check the sponge at the bottom.
i'd also rather not use any pop up wipes with it because using that mechanism doesn't keep them as warm.
i like to open up the whole top part and pull out a nice warm wipe instead of a half way warmed wipe thru the top hole.
i also didn't buy distilled water, just used water out of our brita pitcher and that works fine.the reason i gave it 4 stars is how often you have to maintain the water level of the sponge.
it would be nice if you didn't have to check it so often and worry about it drying out so quick and turning into a brick.but it works great for its intended use and keeps baby happy as well.
we bought this for our second child because we like buying things for our children.
this is really nice.
well the warm wipes are absolute bliss!
this is a must especially in winter.
this item is under warranty as well.
it's great for disposables to pop-up in case you ever stop using cloth ones, so why wouldn't you want to cover both if you can?!
just buy a different one.
this is by far the best wipe warmer on the market.
my friends have other brands and some have this brand but different models and most of them are no longer working.
we purchased this about 9 months ago and it has worked great.
the wipes stay warm and they haven't dried out.
it's one of those not necessary products but we found it really useful to have warm wipes with an infant who was born in the winter.
it also keeps our changing station so nice-looking and organized that we just unplug it in the summer and keep it using it.
my husband insisted on this for the boy, because he cried when we changed his diaper for the first month and a half of his life.we still use it.
it is attractive to look at and does a great job warming the wipes.
they absorb the water and stay warm and wet.we also buy the special anti-germ pads for the bottom.
so if you use the pads and more clean water than it calls for you should be very happy.
my baby loves the warm wipes and i think i am taking it with me when i visit my relatives for the holidays.
it is especially great during cold weather.
i use huggies wipes and it dispenses well from the prince lionheart wipe warmer.
it does not brown the wipes, it s very easy to maintain and clean, it does the job jus fine!
each time i open and have a warm wipe in between my hands, i feel better and glad or this purchase.
now, we r enjoying to change diapers
this is one of those items of convenience.
works well and makes changing baby in the middle of the night less traumatic.
great registry item.
the warmth of the cloths feels good on the baby's butt and i sometimes use it to wipe other parts of his body too and he loves it, specially because it's the winter.
we love the wipe warmer.
that keeps them moist, warm, and fewer get browned.
the best reason to have this is because it is great for babies.
this warmer is so awsome we bought a second one for our basement because that's were we spend most of our time.
it's true that our son loves warm wipes, when we use the cold ones he usually is very startled and throws his arms out, he also is more likely to pee during a change, which isn't fun either.
we will be purchasing the travel warmer because we travel to the inlaws frequently.
i love it.
there is nothing better than a warm wipe on your newborn.
not an absolute neccessity, but a wonderful luxury.
although it is not a necessity, it certainly is a luxury.
my 3 month old definitely knows the difference when i use a cold wipe away from home.
it is important to check the pad frequently and keep it moist to avoid drying out the wipes.
first off, it doesn't really warm the wipes.
sure it's not as cold as regular wipes but its like room temperature and not a warm room either.
my baby still protest when i use the so call warm wipes but not when i dunk the wipes in warm water and then wipe her.
as always, i read the reviews of others before posting my own, so i will comment based on that.first of all, as long as we're at home, i always change my baby's diaper in his bedroom on his changing table.
it is so nice to have it for middle-of-the-night or first-thing-in-the-morning diaper changes, when my son may not be in the mood to be shocked with a cold wipe.
then you put the wipes on top and plug in the warmer.
and within a few hours, they are definitely all warm.
i even place one wipe on my son (in case he decides to squirt!)
we had a different warmer on our registry.
i absolutely love this item.
the light makes it very easy to locate.
keeps wipes moist and soft.
we are very pleased.
they're for my grandson,  i loved it.
he's 17 months now and is in love with it!!
the songs and stories are so sweet, especially the "what does the world look like" story.
she loves watching the story setting which has her favorite animals.. a lion, bird and whale.
she also loves her favorite song twinkle twinkle little star setting.
also tonight.
ever since our baby boy was born (actually way before that!)
we've been meaning to get him something by leapfrog: call us crazy, but the truth is that they just make the greatest educational toys for babies and children alike.
it consists of several different &quot;tracks&quot; with music and a rotating visual scrolling through the circular window, to soothe the baby at different times of the day.
i highly recommend it: your baby will love it, and i am sure you and your spouse will too!
thanks leap frog!
i assumed her kids liked this toy and that's why she'd given us one (i hadn't requested it on our registry).
i'm rather surprised because her leap frog learning seat is one of her absolute favorite things.
moreover, the sound of the pictures moving is very loud.
i love that it has different songs and options liek story or songs or music.
it sounds nice and works great.
it turns off nice and easy as well.
it is colorful and batteries last while in it.
highly recommend this item!
this item is absolutely wonderful!!!
she loves the twinkle twinkle little star song and we often play it while i am changing her.
i highly recommend this to every parent!
it does use up a lot of batteries so keep extra on hand, but it is worth it!!!
our daughter has loved this from day one.
thanks leap frog!
this is the greatest addition to the baby world..... most mothers of those over 5 are jealous that they did not have this!!
wonderful, lightweight solution to the bulky travel system.
lets sleeping babies stay asleep!
huge basket, and the cup holder is a nice touch.
very durable and easy to manuever.
great price, highly recommend.
perfect for the first 6 months.
i orginally purchased this stroller because the graco i used with my first child would not fit in the trunk of my new car, but this one fit perfect with room to spare, and the new car is a mustang..that's right this stroller fits in the trunk of a sports car.
my son is 3.5 moz now and i am still using it.
the basket underneath is fantastic.
the seat snaps in easily and the basket in the bottom is huge.
then comes the fun part.
the stroller is made for many different brands of carriers.
i took the stroller into a women's clothing store and was able to easily navigate the store.
the stroller handles very well.
the stroller handles so well that i was able to move swiftly and accurately through spectators and display racks.we love the double snap n go so much that we have asked for the single snap n go for our baby shower.
what a backsaver!
my daughter is now 2 months and i will use it until i can't use it anymore.
it is perfect for running in and out of stores and i even walk around my neighborhood with it.
i highly recommend this item!
babytrend's frame is lightweight, easy to put together, and a breeze to open and close.
and best of all, it is cheaper, which is a bargain considering you'll only use the frame until the baby can sit up (~6 mo.).
after that your baby will want to sit up and look out at the world.
my shopping-cart cover is what sees the most wear & tear!
or you may find you will desire a jogger, or just an umbrella stroller later.
this stroller frame is easy to use, light, folds nicely, has a big storage basket and navigates well.
i highly recommend getting this to use with your infant carrier vs. a travel system.
it's inexpensive and very light.
i would highly recommend this stroller.
we have the graco snug ride and it's compatible.
one of my favorite gifts i got at my showers!
highly recommend it!
- i bought this baby trend and love it for shopping, etc.
a great stroller for the price - everyone should have one.
folds easily and takes up very little space in my trunk.
i actually *am* one of those moms who bought a fancy travel system, but i ended up sticking it in the closet and using this stroller most of the time!
so incredibly easy.
don't underestimate how much you will appreciate having:  a) cup holders that actually accomodate different sized containers, b) a tray area for your keys, cell phone, etc., c) a huge basket so you don't have to cram everything under the stroller, d) wide-set wheels so you won't constantly be kicking the stroller when walking, e) great turning / smooth rolling, f) a stroller you don't have to fiddle with for 10 minutes to get your carseat attached.
love it!i was able to keep this in the back of my mini-van.
it folds flatter than a full stroller and is very light!
there is one latch on the side that keeps it locked together and this is an easy release.
1-2-3 it is out of the car, open, and ready for baby in the car seat.it has a strap that you can thread through the underside of the car seat for protection.
it will serve you very well for trips to the mall when you have many shopping bags.the wheels turn easily and swivel.
you can take this anywhere!the brake mechanism is easy and effective.if you already own an infant car seat in blue this will give you the look of a travel system!...without the price!when luca outgrew his infant car seat i was able to purchase the perfect strollers for him!this is the perfect solution if you do not want to be committed to an entire system and are looking for the flexibility of being able to choose a different stroller down the road.
i can open it and close it with one hand.
this is a great stroller!
one fold system makes it so nice to take out of trunk and out into trunk.
i just love it!!!
i like the snap'n go best out of all the universal car seat carriers/strollers.that said my car seat (the graco) does not truly "snap" in.
the baby trend web page has the correct directions that you can download.
even installed correctly, it is not that secure.but i still say this is a necessary product because those car seats are so heave to lug around, and this snap n' go is so light and stays nicely folded up in the back of the car.the cup holders also get a plus :)
we purchased the baby trend latch-loc infant seat for our daughter and a friend told us we should get this stroller frame.
it's easy to set up and wonderful for all those quick trips to stores.
i highly recommend it.
my husband and i originally tried the avent bottles after several recommendations from previous users and after doing some research on our own.
however, we switched to dr. brown's when our son began suffering from gas and nipple confusion, since i am nursing.
we can't express how much we love the dr. brown's bottles.
our son's gas immediately disappeared and he no longer suffered from nipple confusion.
dr. brown's bottles are the best bottles on the market!
we'll use them with our next baby and will recommend to them to anyone that will listen.
this bottle starter kit is wonderful to have.
(great way to see if your man pays attention, give him directions with anything to do with baby!)
i love the wide neck bottle feature.
god bless whoever thought of that.
great to prevent colic, (i don't even know what colic is )(thank god!
), fussiness from gas, and spit up.i give these bottles5 stars
we used dr. brown's bottles with our first daughter, and now will do so with our second as well.
both kids are gassy babies, so these are especially great for us.
when my son was born, we tried sampling bottles from several different manufacturers, including evenflo, triflow, avent, etc.
dr brown's bottles really are the best in preventing gas, bottle leakage, and flow problems.
each set of bottles comes with a tiny brush for getting into the small spaces for the inner parts to the bottles; and a regular bottle brush works fine with the bottles themselves.
i can wash and fill 9 bottles in under 20 minutes (perfect timing when putting my son down for a nap).
we started off with the 4 oz bottles and now, at 3 months old, our son is already up to 6 oz at a feeding.
these bottles worked wonders for my son!
they are great for gassy and colicy babies!
out of all the bottles i tried these are the best!
they are definiteley worth the few extra dollars!
at first, she noticed the flashing smiling sun toy, then she began to notice the hanging rattles, the mirror, and she even loves the bunny picture!
this is the ultimate play gym, and i highly recommend it!
that counts for a lot when you are traveling with an infant!
my daughter also loves the bright colors.
my son loves the star, and even has conversations with it.
there should be a volume control, because the first two songs are great.
the overhead hanging things are ok, the musical star is the best feature but the movement sensor isn't that sensitive - i usually have to get up and turn it off & on again to get it to go.
she immediatley noticed the flashing lights above her head and smiled so big at it.
now 7 weeks old, she truly loves it!
the mirror, the hanging plush toys that are brightly colored, the music she makes when she plays with these items, all keep her occupied and definitely entertained for several minutes at a time.
changing the positions of the hanging items is very easy and very stimulating for the baby.
strongly recommend.
this activity mat was the best baby gift i received.
then she discovered the star and she fell in love!
our daughter loves this playmat!
she likes the different animals and enjoys "talking" to the baby in the mirror.
the toys easily remove, so you can also attach them to a carseat or crib.
we received this and a gymini as shower gifts for our newborn.
but, for the time he used it, he loved it.
he particularly loved staring at the blinking lights and listening to the music on top.
some of the toys (like the picture) never got much use, but he loved to play with the birds.
like the other reviewers i have noticed that she loves the twinkling musical star at the top.
i have a hard to entertain baby and this toy is great.
in the beginning the musical star startled him and we left it off.
he loved the mirror the best.
now, at 4 months, the star is his all time favorite.
we have added pictures of smiling babies and cute animals to the picture holder and i change the picture everyday.
it helps to rearrange everything often.
he loves the teather ring.
my daughter loves this gym!
all of our videos of her are on this mat.
she just loves all of the goodies associated with the mat.
my daughter enjoyed this gym for several months, and it is now being enjoyed by a neighbor.
it comes with a pillow somewhat similar to a small boppy.
it is great for tummy time.
but i have to give it credit for the fun colors/design and the variety of toys.
the musical star is adorable and my son's favorite feature.
at first, she just liked to look at the red toys - the bird and the ladybug.
she became very interested in the star with the music and lights at around 6 weeks old, and she's recently become fascinated by the mirror.
our son loves this play mat, and plays with it almost every day.
the musical blinking star is fun and once he learned that he could start it by pulling a toy hard enough, he played it all the time.
this is a great gym.
baby loves the music and dangling toys.
great for development as well.
love it!
my son loves this gym.
we have hardwood floors and the padding is sufficient.
the mat is easy to fold up and fits nicely in his closet.
a previous reviewer complained about the rabbit picture.
i like that the "frame" of that picture is a pocket and i have replace the rabbit with a picture of daddy.the only bummer about this toy is that our cats love it and think it is their toy.
instantly he was entranced by the star's lights and music.
now, at 3.5 months, he loves hitting and grabbing the hanging toys.
it's been a great toy for him to play with independently.
she has been under it for about 2 months now and has a great time.
it is her favorite activity.
she also enjoys tummy time on the mat, where she loves to look at the large pictures.
our 2-month old daughter absolutely gets a kick out of the star.
the lights keep her absolutely fascinated.
we also have the gymini mat and we mix and match toys from the gymini and the einstein.
my daughter loves this gym!!
she is always smiling and kicking her legs in excitement when i put her under the star.
we call it "the happy star".
she loves the star and the toys.
this is a great buy!
two weeks after receiving the gym i opened it, put batteries in the musical star, and arranged all the  toys on the bar according to the directions.i placed my daughter on the colorful mat with her feet on the bar.
she sat there for a moment, kicked the bar, activing the musical star.
she loved this toy for many months (until she learned to crawl).this is a wonderful toy for young babies.
some of the toys rattle, and the bright primary colors easily attract a baby's attention.
my daughter especially enjoyed looking at the ladybug.
the star is detatachable and made many trips to grandma's house with us to place in her pack and play.
now he can bat at the toys and he kicks the arches which makes the music and lights go on.
he gets so excited when he sees the lights and hears the music.
it's his favorite toy!
the lights and music are great, and she loves it when she can turn on the music by herself by batting at the toys or kicking the plush bars.
i love it!
my daughter got this for her "shower" and she absolutely loved it.
she would lie mesmerized by the musical star and also loved playing with, reaching for, grabbing, and eventually even taking off all the things that hang from the various loops.
it's got great colors and shapes and overall is just terrific.
this is a great great item - one of the best we've found.at about 7-8 months, the thrill wore off.
we received this one for our baby shower along with a fischer price mat, and our son loves the baby einstein mat and shows little interest in the other one.first, up to about 4 weeks of age, he would lay under it in the 'on' mode - meaning the star played music and lights for about 5 mintues.
he would love to stare at it and the toys hanging above him.
he really gets his hands and feet moving to get it activated.
and warm.
but, overall we are happy with it.
the colors are great and it does keep him interested for a while.
he loved it.
he loved the star best of all.
it was great to keep him occupied.
at 11 months he plays with the star and the book.
i've actually had to hide teh book from him for a while
when shopping for activity mats for out tiwns we wanted something fun, colorful, educational, musical (but didnt drive us nuts), something safe and comfy for the babies.
we recieved the fisher price musical play garden, lotty ladybird deluxes, carters butterfly gym and this one.
it has just the right amount of music, toys and colors.
its great for tummy time.
the carters butterfly gym is nice but it doesnt have all the features the baby einstein gym does.
all around this is a great gym and has gotten babies and mommy through a few hectic days.
my daughter loved the musical star from the moment i laid her on the mat.
the customer service rep was very helpful.
the new star works great, and now that my daughter is almost 6 months old, she still loves it.
she does roll into the gym bars now that she is more mobile, but she still loves swatting at the toys.
my son loved this gym and we used for his first 6 months (then he started rolling over and would roll off the gym).
the star on has an on/off setting and a motion sensor setting.
the hanging toys were durable and my son loved pulling on them.
my now 8-week old loves to look at the star's flashing lights and she kicks her legs, smiling and and cooing like crazy while she watches it.
that means that if baby is still interested, you have to keep resetting it manually every time it stops.she's not really interested in the other toys yet, but the mat itself provides a great place to practice tummy time.
a great idea in my opinion, as babies love to look at pictures of faces and loved ones.
i love it as well!
but my baby boy loved it the first time i laid him on it.
now that my boy lays on his tummy more and more, he's beginning to explore the images on the mat with gusto.
for the price this isn't worth it.
we first tried the tiny love(black, red and white)gym and our son wasn't interested.i wasn't impressed either.
we thought it might have been his young age, but when we put him under this one, he loved it!
a friend also recommended we get this gym.
the colors are so bright, and our son loves to look at the large faces on the animals/toys.
he also loves the musical star with the smiling face.the motion sensor is a great idea.
it props him up just enough.we use this gym a few times a day, and every time it brings a huge smile to our son's face.the mat easily comes on and off for washing too, which is a plus!
this was a great gift.
you can set this on continuous mode or on motion mode which will activate the music and lights when the gym is moved a bit.it has a mirror, plastic book, duck and cardinal which squeak, ladybug rattle, and circular rattle.
also, you can use the rings to adjust the height of each toy and placement.
we have also added some other toys that he likes and he can pull on.he gets so excited when playing with this toy by smiling, babbling and wildly moving his arms and legs.
plus, he really seems to enjoy playing in it from that very first smile to this morning's conversation with his dear duck.
i take this with me when going to visit family because it's very easy to travel with and i find it very stimulating for my baby.
when our son was 4 weeks old, he started showing signs of interest in bright objects so we put him on the mat and were really surprised with the results - he absolutely loves the mat!he especially loves the musical star (that can be moved around with the velcro straps) and watches as it lights up in different areas!
we also just found out that a neighbor with a son the same age has the same mat and loves it too!
our son absolutely loves this play gym.
he smiles, laughs, and talks at the light-up star, and enjoys batting the toys to make the music come on.
highly recommended!
my daughter loved this gym from about 6 weeks until 4 months.
the toys are bright and colourful and the mat and toys all wash well.
overall a great way to give your baby some activity.
my son loved this play gym as a newborn, and still loves playing with the detachable toys as a toddler.
she still does but the reduction is amazing.
once you work out a cleaning system they are a breeze to clean.
the disk that goes between the vent and the nipple makes it wonderful for travel and preventing formula clumps from clogging the nipple something i have noticed with similac formula.
he used the regular ones for his son from a previous marriage and insisted by them.
we even tried putting cereal in, nothing worked until we started with food.
so, if your baby is a spitter, you just have to deal with it till 4 months of age.
the nipple is soft and goes about the same distance as a mother's breast while breastfeeding.
that has been their most impressive point.
this bottle is by far the best bottle i have ever used.
i used the regular gerber bottles with my first, advent with my second and tried advent & soothie brand with my 3rd with no success.
my 3rd has bad gas & reflux, she also wasn't digesting her food properly our doctor suggested dr brown's and i was hesitant at first simply because i did not want to wash all those extra parts.
these bottles were terrific, along with a hypo-allergenic formula and these bottles she could actually eat without screaming in pain & sleep like a peaceful baby.
i think they work wonderful.
one of our best baby purchases!
we stared my son on a bottle of breast milk at 15 days old.
so far, my son hasn't experienced any gas or spitup.
i felt it was worth it in the beginning to make sure my son didn't get collicky.
i always hand washed.
then, one day,  i washed them in the dishwasher and put the brown cap part in the bottom with the silverware.
good price, good bottles!
during the first two months after the birth of our baby boy, we selected the avent 4-ounce bottles and nipples.
however, our boy's growing needs now exceeds the bottle's capacity.
my wife was talking to a friend and she suggested the dr. brown's natural flow wide neck bottle which she recommended highly.
we both like these new bottles.
my wife praises the inner gizmo and says it gives the baby less gas to deal with.
well, we do have a somewhat gaseous baby and he releases such gases at both ends.
i like the new larger bottle and it's indentations fit the hand well.
i still burp him and he can still usually get off a couple pretty good belches after feeding.
i agree with other reviewers that these are the best bottles, especially if you are transitioning from breastfeeding to bottle-feeding.
my newborn took to these instantly and easily gets her formula now from the wide-neck, wide nipple bottles.
i recommend the wide-mouth over the standard bottles because the patented reservoir system sits inside the bottle, instead of on top, preventing spills.
and because the wide nipples are what my 2-month-old takes the best.
we love these bottles and recommend them to everyone!
i do suggest, however, that you read carefully and follow the directions included with these bottles.
what a difference it made at 8 weeks she started sleeping through  the nights and was able to drink more because she wasn't filling up with excess air.
i wrote a review the other day as i was ordering more of the 8oz standard dr browns bottles and advised how wonderful i thought those were.
i am glad i did, i am so happy with them that i exchanged the 8 oz standard bottles for 8 oz wide neck bottles.
my baby has an easier time with this nipple and is finishing more formula faster than with the standard size.
i recommend both styles of dr browns bottles as they truly do eliminate the gas and colic, you just have to try both styles to see which nipple works best for your baby.
the wide-mouth nipples look very similar to the avent ones.
my daughter "smacks" a lot when she nurses and subsequently takes in a lot of air.
wide-mouth bottles are very large!
as the baby sucks on a traditional bottle they have to gradually suck harder and harder as pressure builds in the bottle.
this also creates pressure in their ears which can disturb the fluid balance and cause inner ear problems.
i will definitely be purchasing these as shower gifts for new moms!
i love all the dr. brown's bottles.
when i had to use other bottles in a pinch, he wasn't happy eating.our microwave is too small to warm the standard 8 ounce in.
the wide neck, 8 ounce bottles are perfect.
also, the nipple on the wide neck is different from standard, and it takes baby a few feedings with the new nipple to get used to it.
additionally, if any of the dr. brown's bottles are not assembled correctly and the collar isn't on tight enough they will leak.
but even with the meds and special formula she still had a terrible time with gas and spitting up until we found these!we started with avent and loved them until we found the playtex ventaire but dr. brown's beats them both hands down!
they work wonderfully!all the pieces are a pain to keep up with and the dishwasher rarely gets the inserts clean but they are well worth the handwashing.
we also had trouble finding the replacement parts for the wide neck bottles.
also make sure not to overfill them or they will leak.but the pros far outweigh all of the cons!
i am on baby boy #2 and i wish i had these from day one with #1.
worth the money!!!
you will be amazed at the change in your little one...
we keep a bowl by the sink and clean all the parts.. bought a avent microwave sterilizer off of ebay we sterilize the parts.
it's so worth the extra time...
my mom recommended avent bottles because my nephew did so well with them.
you unscrew the top a bit while the bottle is warming.
when the bottle is warm screw the top back on and no leaks.
we originally started him on the gerber wide-nipple bottles, which we liked because it simulates the natural shape of the breast and therefore promotes normal jaw development.dr.
brown's bottles indeed helped with our son's gas issues.
these bottles also do not leak the way traditional ones sometimes do through the air-intake holes on the sides of the nipple.i have a few complaints about the dr. brown's though.
granted, the slower-than-usual flow is part of what helps cut down on the air intake, but it takes about 4 times longer for my son to eat with this bottle.
these bottles are a true must have!
they are the only worthwhile bottles on the market and are well worth the extra price as well as the extra time to wash.
but if you read the instructions, and use the bottle correctly, it will satisfy you.
then i simply pour it into the d.b (dr. brown) and attatch the parts... my baby is able to drink a bottle faster, easier, and afterwards is much more relaxed (although he still does burp, and get a bit gassy).
it is not worth it!
the washes are gentle on baby's skin and smell great!!
this set will last you the first year or longer.
great gift for any mom!!
boy, is this stuff great!
i can't use the oatmeal wash on my child because it broke his skin out in a rash and burned.
but the rest of their products are wonderful.
i bought some of the baby magic and spilled some on our dark blue carpet.
now, just how gentle is that!
i highly recommend the milk and honey!
i personally like the lavender, since my daughter takes her baths in the evening.
the cd is fun to play and sing along to,just make sure you dont play the same ones everytime, itll stick in your head!
i registered for this kit and got two - at first i considered taking one back, but i am glad i didn't.
it is great to have way more of these necessities to start off with, that's months of not having to remember to buy any!i love the bucket-thing this comes in - one currently holds all our bath stuff for easy toting to the bathroom.
the other one is our bib-holder, since we have a ton of bibs.
it keeps them neat, all in one place and closes and can be put away for guests.the vapor bath is fantastic.
we just got over my son's first cold and it worked like a charm.
we've gotten shampoo in his eye at least once with no tears or fuss, so it must not burn.i definitely recommend getting this for new moms-to-be!
i love the lavendar bedtime bath, but these are too harsh for babys skin, especially excema... go with aquaphor baby wash.
i think gerber has the best skin care line.
my son had excema when he was an infant and the gerber is the most moisturizing for his skin.
this is a great gift set which includes all their great scents.
i would highly recommend this over baby magic and playtex anyday.
i can easily carry the case in one hand and the baby in the other and not have to worry if i've brought everything i need into the bathroom for bath time.the products included in the case are wonderful!
even my husband likes the smell - and he was adamant that he didn't want our son smelling "like a girl".the products are all very mild - a couple of times some soap has accidentally gotten in my son's eyes, yet he didn't seem bothered by it at all.
the gerber lotion works so well that i use it on my hands as well as on my baby's entire body.
the products are also gentle, and the baby wash and shampoo do not irritate my baby's eyes.
of all of the baby bathing products that i have tried during the last year, these are definitely my favorite.
you actually will use everything in it in a fairly short time.
granted it still is cheaper to buy it all individually but the tub makes it worth it.
but the vapor bath is great!
but watch the eyes with it...it will burn and they will cry.i also love the teeny faces stick for the fall and winter months.
it's a great little compact item that you can store in your bag and use anytime you need it.
we also got the baby magic set but we returned it.
i got one and i love it...the gerber products smell sooo good and are gentle enough for everyday bathing!
mt daughter loves to coo at the seal and loves the music cd that comes along with it.i keep all of the "out grown small bottles in the container and it works great~!the lotion is good smelling but you can't beat johnsons and johnstons pink stuff...also include a bottle of that and you will havev a very happy mom-to be!!
the tote is very large and roomy - i've added several more full-size bottles to what came in the original set and there's still plenty of room to spare.
we love this whole kit.
the carry case is also a great.
we take it on trips with us and we carry his basic shampoo that came with the kit, toys, towels, washcloths and such and there is still room for more!!!
the lotion is great and very thick which helps keep babies skin ever so soft after bath time, and the moisturizing stick is fantastic for getting a dry patch here and there.
great set for any parent, a must have for first time parents.update: my son is now 9.5 mths old and we have yet to even finish  our second bottle of wash. everything except the lotion and 1.5 bottles of baby wash we still have plenty of.
this gift set is fantastic, talk about the gift that keeps giving.
grins and giggles, what a lifesaver!
the menthol doesn't burn baby's gentle areas (eyes, nose, "down under").
the night time bath is just amazing.
i highly recommend this for any new family.
well, we've tried three different carriers and one sling.
here's our experience with the sling.
very robust construction.
it cuts into your shoulder if you don't get it mounted just right, and you can forget re-adjusting in once the kid is on board.
we got and infantino soft carrier, and that was the best.
my husband is 6'4 and big and he can make this work for him to take "piggy" out for a walk.
the best is that as a new born (before one can master the art of concealing breast feeding), you can use this to hold and feed your little one.
much prefer the front carrier.
both are absolutely fantastic.
this sling is easy to find (here online and also in the stores) it's inexpensive, and most importantly - safe.when my daughter was a "newborn" i used this all the time and we loved it!
it came with a video and an instructional pamphlet, both of which were really helpful to us in learning how to use the sling and giving us security to know we were "doing it right.
my baby does not seem to like the nojo very much and i prefer the bjorn in almost all aspects.
the bjorn holds your baby closer to your body and heartbeat and my baby definatly prefers that.
for an infant, the inward facing position of the bjorn is also more protective from strangers and germs.
it does distribute the weight pretty well and is a welcome break to the shoulder fatigue sometimes caused by the bjorn.
this is a must-have in my book!
it was very difficult to walk around with especially since my son was heavier than most babies his age.
this sling was absolutely terrific, especially when my son was a newborn to about 5 months.
it's a great way to calm/ quiet and get the baby to sleep.
well worth it!!!
although this does take a little getting use to, this is a great sling.
i love how it holds your newborn closer than regular front carriers.
a great and affordable sling.
and dr sears is the expert!!!
she fit in this perfectly from birth on up.
i'm 5'10" myself and medium build and my husband is 6'1" medium build and we both were able to use this sling.
at our house, we love the sling!!!!!
these are great in the bath.
they float, stick and are great for my 8 mo old to suck on (his favorite hobby these days).
not a huge deal, but we can't spell my son's name out, (we need 2 r's).
oh well, they do their job otherwise.
our son loves his letters and numbers and this set has gotten tons of use.
my 13 month old son loves his bath letter and numbers.
and the best part is they are very durable!
we had to order a second set of these because we had some plumbing issues and these got ruined.
:o)
love these!
they stick to the tub well and the bright colors are great for our son.
this is our son's first sippy cup and he loves it.
we've tried lots of sippy-cups for our 18 month old.
this one is good for him and good for us.
its very easy for him to hold and use, but doesn't leak.
its also very easy for us to disassemble, wash and reassemble.
my son hated it.
and he's okay w/ the avent cup.
our older child learned how to use a cup with the first sipster and we really liked them.
we like to have our kids transitioned to sippy cups by 10-11 months of age, so i recently picked up the new style of cup and tried it with our 8 month old.
playtex now markets this as the "training time" cup and while it's adequate for the task, i prefer the old style of cup (as of february 2014 playtex still shows the old style cup on their website, but the training time cup has replaced it on store shelves).the new style cup still has the twist & click lid, but the actual "click" mechanism feels tighter and a little harder to actually open and close.
now there are four: cup, ring with handles (which admittedly are optional), lid, and integrated spout/valve.
while our 8 month old is still toothless, i worry that once she has teeth she will actually be able to bite through the new spout.
the old design was pretty much bulletproof and the perfect sippy - this one has a couple of issues that were made apparent in the first couple of days of use.
if you're not cool with a boy using a pink or purple sippy cup, then it's probably best to opt for a purchasing method where you can select the specific color(s) that you want.
very good, i hope my daughter loves, my daughter is too young, still use it not very good, i was prepared for her
this is a piece of clear plexiglass that is the length of you dvd player and is angled at 90 degrees, so that you attach velcro (included) to the top of the dvd player and then to the plexiglass and the other part of the clear guard actually protects the buttons.
well, that figures.
our boy has been trained with a bunch of musical toys that require button punching and he learned rather quickly.
it's just a piece of transparent plastic with a couple small velcro straps yet it cost 20% that of the very sophisticated dvd/cd player.
second, if we use it as illustrated, we will have to remove the guard before each using in order to get the little disc drawer to open.
furthermore, our dvd player is on a small shelf and we cannot remove the guard without removing the dvd player from the shelf first.
good to use for babies learning to crawl.
it doesn't change the integrity of the electronic equipment.
i highly recommend this to those families with "happy pointer fingers".
this simple guard does its job and then some.
installs simply and easily.
we're very pleased with it.
i purchased 3 different guards at once and i sent them all back!!
i got these since i'm making my own baby food for my son.
they're great storage containers, dishwasher safe, plus attractive in color.
they also make for nice bowls for mixing food and feeding (for baby portions that is).
i really like these bowls for home-made baby food.
in fact, the reason we have to keep buying more is that with our two kids, we get ditzy and forget them places!!
i can make a small batch of cinnamon sugar and store it covered in my cupboard.
leftover vegetables or fruit salad fit perfectly in here and the lids are airtight to keep them fresh!
these are great containers!!
if you seal the bowl with the lids properly, they are spill proof.
it's also nice having a bowl with a lid!
8oz is the perfect size.
i love them.
it is inexpensive bowl with lid.
my son likes it bright color and i like the size.
it is perfect for snack and lunch pack for daycare.
not so easy to open for a toddler, which is another plus.
totally worth it.
these are nice for snacks.
my daughter carries these around.
they are great for traveling also.
i bought these when i started my son on solid food so that i could store and feed out of the same bowl and it does just that.
works perfectly for what i need them for.
definitely recommend for snacks/meals.
it's light and seals tight.
just shows how good the bowls are).
we love that it goes in the dishwasher & the freezer.
i've been using these bowls for my one year old and they are great.
i use them for snacks, for taking her food to daycare, and for her leftovers.
dishwasher safe and microwave safe.
i got boy colors the first time and girl colors the second time.
i love these bowls.
i use them to freeze baby puree food, to store and transfer food to daycare, when we are out and about etc.
they work great!
for taking snacks on the go, we found that themunchkin two snack catchers, colors may varyworked better for our needs, especially when it comes to preventing spills.
these are like mini tupperware.
i use for defrosing my baby food cubes and feeding.
they look cute packaged, but the tops are different colors from the bowls, but you can get two sets to get the other half of the rainbow.
we use these bowls all the time!
they stack great in a refrigerator or cooler.
they don't have the worlds best seal (so don't put anything liquid) but they are perfect for baby food or finger foods.
bright colors for happy kids!
these containers are useful, inviting, and great for a house with children!
easy to open, and throw them away when they get scratched up.
great containers.
they work fine and wash well.
great set of bowls at a good price point.
they are the perfect size for my 9-month-old and i think they will last a while.
it is also microwave and dishwasher safe!
good price.
works in dishwasher, no spills with lid.
these are great to pack snacks or to freeze leftovers.
they are durable, seal tight and are very cute.
also, my son loves to toss them around and the lid stays put.
great value for the price!
i loved the bright colors .
the container is of a decent size perfect for kids but the lids don't fit well.
i have used first years take and toss sippers and bowls since the birth of my nieces.
i love these i usually use it for oatmeal.
what i like most is that they stack very well on top of each other, both bowls and lids together, saving space.
they are great for everyday use.
i make all my baby's food and they hold just the right amount of food for a toddler meal.
they are comvenient and cute.
i wish they came in a larger pack.
great cups, last a while and last through many dishwasher runs.
these cups are great fro cars and small hands.
my 1 year old can easily hold the cup with one hand and take drinks - unlike bigger cups where he needs to use 2 hands.
rare, but it happens sometimes.
yes, they can open if dropped just right or you have a savy toddler.
i love love the bright colors and the girl colors these come in too.
this cup was perfect for my almost 3 year old and my 1 year old who is very picky about what she drinks out of.
i do hand wash mine even though they state top-rack dishwasher safe and i believe that helps them last a little longer.
the valve-free design allows for a little leakage but also makes for much easier cleaning.
my sons are at the age where we are transitioning them to regular cups and these are perfect for that in-between stage.these are also labeled plastic type 5 which is polypropylene which is considered safe and does not leach bpa (bisphenol-a) into foods and beverages like some plastics can.
the 7-oz size is perfect for smaller children and the 10-oz size is perfect for toddlers.
our 1 year old loves these cups.
they are durable and love the price!
my two year old tends to drop her cup and it's better with these because they don't leak.
after searching and buying many many sippy cups to find the perfect sippy cup i finally decided to buy these.
they work perfect for my 12 month old son.
i love that these cups are disposable, loseable, and recyclable while at the same time being so durable.
i also love the no valve sippy lid.
the lid is not the most secure lid in the world so curious minds may be able to get it off but for the price i love them.
inexpensive and effective..win win.
i like that there is a spout cover that you can use to keep the spout clean if you need to carry it around for a while.
my son is 2.5 years old and after experimenting with countless sippy cup designs, this was by far the best of them all.the lid holds very firmly, even when held upside down or even dropped countless times.
we do not even use the optional cap feature shown in the picture.
this makes it an excellent cup for the transition from bottle to cup and has worked extremely well for us.it is by far the easiest and quickest sippy cup to clean as it doesn't have the straws or other contraptions to take apart.
you basically just take off the lid, scrub both sides, and wash the cup as normal.overall, really well designed, yet simple sippy cup.
sometimes keeping it simple is better.
don't leak, easy to use, only sippy cup my son will use.
great, easy cups.
love that the stack.
especially with multiple kids, this saves tons of room in the cabinet.
easy to clean, secure when the lid is on.
great for travel.
flow is also great - my son loves to drink his milk from this sippy cup.
these "take and toss" are very oddly named, because they are the most durable sippies i've found.
the cups don't spill, and their lids stay on through amazing stress.
they wash great in the dishwasher and seem to last forever.
the bulky seal tends to trap liquid inside and my son gets frustrated when he can't get the last little bit out of the cup.these are also great for mixing medicine with juice.
this sippy cup is easy for baby to drink from.
this and the nuby sippy cups are the only ones that my 12 mos son can manage to get drink from.
however, my son tend to chew on the spout, so they will crack after extended use.
this is a nice set of inexpensive sippy cups.
they withstand loads of dishwasher cleanings and the colors are fun.
the cups are a nice size for grasping - my son even grabs them from the lid and drags them all over.
there is a chance that one side of the lid will pop off in that case.
they also drip drip drip drip drip from the spout part.
"take and toss."
wow.
first off, this is not a cup for a parent with a child that throws cups or pulls lids off or flips cups upside down and shakes them on a regular basis.
if you want one of those then you need to get a cup with a valve that's closer to a bottle.
our son (2.5 now) uses these every single day, and we just toss them in the dishwasher at the end of the day, and they have held up great.
great little cups, love the opaque see-through feeling and you won't be guilty if you actually do toss them because the price cannot be beat!
we just ordered some more of the first years containers based on our super positive experience with these cups, love them!
i've tried four different kinds of pads and these have worked the best by far.
these pads are great.
the super light pads don't have adhesive, and can soak through.
here is my overview of each:johnsons baby nursing pads - 60 ea: these are my favorite pads for daytime use.
however, they are very soft and comfortable against tender breasts, they also have a nice shape that is more discrete than other brands.
i also love that they are not packed in pairs or singles, just all lumped in the box together.
)the first years - lanolin disposable breast pads 30 ct.: these are the best pads for early stages of nursing, when the lanolin will help soothe sore and cracked nipples.
they are very cool and comfortable on your nipples.
also, the edges of the pad are scratchy and can be a bit uncomfortable throughout the day.lansinoh 20265 disposable nursing pads, 60-pack: these are a good all-around pad.
they will hold a good bit, but not as much as the ameda or j&j.
;  they do have an adhesive strip that will help them stay in place in your bra, and are a very good value to use long term.
be sure you get the "soft" version, as the older style is much more scratchy and uncomfortable.evenflo comfort select nursing pad, 48 count: these pads are very absorbent, but not very comfortable.
this pump is the best available in the store (haven't tried hospital grade pumps.)
the backpack is great.
the double pump is fast and easy.
my baby always drank from the medela bottles/nipples without problems.
also, if you have any problems babies r us will let you return the pumps so i'd advise purchasing there.
it is also a nice discreet bag to travel with.
i've heard the hospital models are great but this works for me so i'm happy.
just something you might want to check into.... and shop around for the best prices - there are some better deals out there from reputable companies.
happy nursing!
it is fast and easy.
it is worth every penny.a previous reviewer commented that you cannot buy replacement parts.
the medela website sells all parts and the prices and shipping are reasonable.
their customer service is excellent as well.
the lid is secure, and all of the lids get washed well.
we also put the tops of kid cups, bottle nipples, and bottle rings in it and everything gets clean.
it fits perfectly in the top rack of our dishwasher.
it makes for a less than pleasant experience while putting bottles in the device.
i prefer to just hand wash our bottles, pacifiers, accessories, and breast pump parts.
amazing!
nice construction, perfect for dr brown caps, tops, and binkies too!
this is a simple dishwasher basket, not extras that just take up space.
plain and simple and best of all big!
this is great for bottle parts and pacifiers.
i ended up buying the sippy cup straw cleaning brushes by oxo and they work great.
these are so soft and curve slightly to form a cup.
the lanolin is great though.
these are the best!!
i liked the convienece of these pads with the lanolin built in but the pads irritated my skin a little.
these are the only ones i will use - absolutely.
they're the perfect size, thin, contoured, absorbant, and the lanolin is comfortable.
i bought these, j & j, and lansinoh shields to see which i liked best, and most days these are the ones i grab.
but thickness does not equal absorbency - the gel in the first years can take me from dinner to breakfast.
the lansinoh are in between, about as good as fy, but all are pretty good - in 4 months never exceeded their capacity.
if you're looking for even further "enhancement," go with the j&j; - they add almost a cup when i wear them, though this is not my goal.discretion: the first years are the most discrete under moderately thick clothes, but tend to crinkle a bit at times and may show "folds" through thinner clothes.
;conclusion: these are great if you have less sensitive breasts and are prone to dry nipples, or want the convenience of pre-wrapped pads with a low profile.
they are soft, the lanolin treatment does make a difference and they hold leaking quite well!
these nursing pads are amazing, they're the only ones i've found that are pre-coated with lanolin nipple cream, are very comfortable, don't slide around, and don't show under clothing.
they are worth more $$ than the regular ones.
i purchased these mainly b/c of the price piont and liked the fact that they are lanolin treated(definetly a plus) but,i have to say... they are very itchy or maybe my skin is just very sensitive post pregnacy.the design is contoured to fit very well in to nursing bra and they hold in moisture...although im not sure if i will place another order for them again.for the price they are worth a try!
i have tried a few different kinds and these are my favorite disposable.
these nipples worked great for my preemie.
he was struggling with the level 1 nipples - milk would come out the sides of his mouth and he was choking a lot.
he recommended these nipples.
it worked like a charm.
i love dr. brown's.
she is a slow eater and with the stage one nipple the milk was constantly spilling out of the sides and bottom of her mouth.
i couldn't find these preemie nipples in any of the local stores and i needed them right away.
these nipples are perfect for breastfed babies taking their first bottles because the flow is slower than most level 1 nipples.
highly recommended!
our baby has been alternating between the bottle and breastfeeding for a month now, both are still going strong!
great for a preemie.
very easy to use, comfortable for baby and easily transitioned from the nipples used in the nicu.
anything made by dr. brown is wonderful.
our baby has done really well with the dr. brown nipples, progressing through the various levels.
brown's 2 pack natural flow level 3 standard nipple.in conclusion, highly recommend these, just not the three pack at its current price.
these nipples are wonderful and fit any standard size bottle.
they were perfect for my baby girl when she got about 5-6 months when she needed a faster flow and also work well for thicker drinks (for example, if you're adding a little rice cereal to the milk).
they're well made, and a good price.
it's made to use with the dr. browns bottles and fits fine.
they also work with other standard bottles.
he breastfeeds and takes a bottle at daycare.
no issues going back and forth.
i love that there are different levels to the nipples.
i love dr. brown products.
i love this cover, it fits great and looks great!
i use a small pad to help protect it.
i am suprised at how low a rating these covers are recieving because we have used ours now for almost 16 months without a spare or replacement and it's in fantastic shape!!
i feel very proud of the way it compliments my daughter's nursery as it is beautiful in every way!
i give this cover 5 stars because it is extremely attractive and fantastic in quality.
my son's is now 20 months old and they are still in great condition.
other than that they are great.
i have two and they both looked old, faded and worn after the first wash. not happy.
this changing pad cover works great on the especially for baby contour changing pad.
i also use small changing pads so that i don't have to change the cover that often.
i like that i can put my baby on something soft and warm instead of the cold plastic pad.
i definitely recommend getting these.
i have a minivan and the top of the carseat still pokes out between the two front bucket seats and they both had to be moved forward to accomodate, especially the passenger side.that being said, my baby has been riding in this seat since day 1.
the 5 point belt, gives me peace of mind and it's a snap to get her in and out of it, a lot easier than some others i've seen and tried.so yes, it takes a lot of space, but then considering the cost for the length of use, who cares?
it's rough, tough, the dark covers hide spot really nicely until you can wash it.
i bought it b/c a friend had it and loves it(she uses it forward facing though).
plus, it has a lot of really nice features.
also, we had to push the front passenger seat of our honda accord all the way forward and totally upright.
my daughter (who is 9 months old and outgrew her infant carrier b/c of height) didn't like it.
after many fits from her and arguments with my husband we returned it and got the evenflo triumph.
this seat reclines perfectly and my daughter feels more cozy and secure.
height adjust is super easy, especially in new england weather...when baby may be wearing a snowsuit one day and a sweatshirt the next.
this seat, i'll admit, is not the easiest to install rear-facing.
this seat took a large and small pool noodle to fit well in my honda crv (middle rear seat).what i love about this seat:- it will last my child a long time, up to 100 lbs.- the harness straps are easily adjustable with the red handles at the top, no rethreading.
it is easy for an adult to clip and unclip.
:)- both carseats appear comfy.
both are rated safe by comsumer reports in crashes.in my opinion, the installation issues (how often are you going to install it?
for this carseat are small in comparision to the everyday convenience of the strap system and buckles.
i bought this for my six month old son, since he grew out of his infant seat.
when my son is in the seat he kind of looks like he is just "floating".
i rode in the back seat with him one day and it just doesn't look safe to me.
i am not happy with this seat.
it's comfortable, easy to use, very sturdy and safe.
definitely worth the money.
the thought of multi-purpose anything is wonderful, but this is not what i had in mind.
i also had a friends toddler seat in it for a ride and it was ok~ until he feel asleep.
we read through many reviews and consumer reports.
we have a chrysler pacifica and it fits great!
he can look out the window easier with this seat.
i recieved this as a shower gift, different print, and was not at all happy with it as an infant seat.
it also takes up a tremendous amount of room.
as a toddler and booster seat i would give it 4 stars.
my baby is absolutely fascinated with this toy.
there is also different textures on each of the twisting/rotating pieces.
because of the bright colors on this items, i though my daughter will love it.
the different colors catch his eye and he likes the different textures.
very colorful, arrived brand new, adorable for baby boys or girls.
will look great in my baby shower gift baskets i make.
it twists around in very interesting ways.
well, interesting for an adult--my son couldn't twist it around as well as i could.
my son never found a better teether than his own fingers.it also rattles very, very quietly.
there are itty bitty plastic beads inside the clear sections.
this is a great toy for even young babies learning to grasp things.
very vibrant colors and quiet rattle.
my son started showing signs of teething around 3-4 months, and even at 7 months this teether is still too big for his mouth.
he has loved it since he was about a month old and is still loving it at 7 months.
i'm not a huge fan.
it can be re-shaped several different ways, and it has rubber areas which are soft on his teething gums.
in addition, some moving things inside of the toy draw his attention.
overall this is a very fair priced teether that is of sturdy quality and that my son seems to really enjoy playing with.
she likes the different textures on her gums.
our daughter loves it.
it twists, shakes and has several different textures for a baby to enjoy
my son would not use any of the teething toys we had for him until we found this toy!!
it's also gender neutral (which is what we are going for right now).
very cool to look at but easy for my 7 month old to hold and chew.
it rattles, is twisty and fun to play with as well as chew on.
it is permanently with us wherever i go and easy for her to hold on to.highly recommend this teether,it's a winner.
i suggest you find a smaller one which can be easily grasped by your baby.
he's 6 mo now and he loves to play with it.
my favorite toy.
it is the most creative toy she has.
it's bright, well-made, and fun to play with.
but my children disagreed.
if you'd like a smaller, multi-purpose teether-type toy, trylots of links.
both of these are easy to hold (even for little ones) and fun to chew.bottom line:  skip it.
it's great- i highly recommend!
also it will not stay the shape you put it on.
lastly, our boy is completely uninterested in it and just drops it immediately every time we give it to him.
he loves this toy and grabbed it right out of the stocking.
it is a great buy, great price.
great teether and toy.
mulitple materials, teething surfaces with different designs to chew on, twists in multiple ways.
the different grooves on the different segments helps him establish a good grip even while he chews on it.
once she got more skilled at controlling her movements, however, she loved this toy.
it's colorful and fun to bite and twist.
my son didn't know what to do with it at first because he kept twisting it.
definitely am glad i purchased this item.
she loves to hold it, look at the colors, and chew on it.
it is a cool toy though and you might enjoy it as much as your baby.
i love the way it moves into different shapes.
she prefers fingers and spoons.
this is colorful and has all sorts of textures, but shen she gnaws on it there is no bounciness to it and she is not as interested in it as she is with other teethers.
this is a great toy and teether for babies.
my son loves it!
it is wasy to hold and keeps their attention.
it is easy to clean and small enough to take anywhere.
we have twin boys, and bought them two different teething rings recently -- this was one of them.they love them both - for different reasons.
we got them both this munchkin ring and thenuby bug a loop teether bead, colors may vary.
they like the soft texture and flexibility of the nuby ring.this ring is different - the links, or sections, are all stiff, though some have a soft coating on the outside.
as a teething toy, the different textures on the various sections are great to give the baby some variety.
sometimes, they like chewing on the softer sections which have different molded textures.
it must be for them like choosing between mounds and almond joy - sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you don't.
they like to play with its various configurations, changing shapes, etc as they manipulate the sections.this has provided hours of entertainment and is almost always one of the items that we throw into their carseats or the diaper bag when we go out.five stars for sure!
son liked is and the price was right
my son has had this since cutting his first tooth at 4 months old.
at 11 months old, he's cutting his 9th tooth and this is still his favorite chew toy.
this is a really fun toy/teether--even the adults like to play with it!
but, while our 7 month old likes to play with it--the bright colors and easy twisting motion of the toy are a draw--he doesn't really &#34;teeth&#34; on it as much as he does some of his other, simpler teethers.
he makes him happy so i like that.
enjoy
my 5-month old is teething and really loves this toy.
he can very easily hold it, can chew on any part of it and each part has different textures.
besides sophie the giraffe, this is his new favorite toy!
purchased this for our niece.
it looks fun and has different colors and textures that will appeal to a little one.
also, the price os great.
i bought this from babies "r'' us when my son started putting everything in his mouth.
the teether has 4 soft rubber sections, each with different textures.
it also rattles and can be bent in a number of different ways.
the teether is easy for my son to grasp and twist.
the teether is very easy to clean, just hand wash and air dry.
i like all munchkin products that are not related with food.
(the food ones are not microwave safer, so kind of disapointing)they work good and you get what you pay for.this theether is great as it twist, so the baby can adjust the toy according to what he needs to bite.
i love this item as a toy, but not as a teether.
it moves in an interesting way, and i can see my daughter enjoying that aspect of it later on, but for just teething, it's not especially helpful.
its fun to bend and twist into different shapes, but overall its pretty useless.
for babies age 4-6 mo.
my six month granddaughter loves this teething toy.
she can easily hold it and its twisting movement makes it more interesting for her.
it also has different surfaces on it which she seems to like for her gums
this toy is great.
it moves into different shapes and is well like by the baby.
this is my daughter's favorite chew toy.
it's great because it has many textures and colors and it moves really well.
it keeps her entertained and therefore me a happy mama.
my niece loves this toy.
different texture for her craving needs.
the colors are beautiful and easy for her to hold.
i'll be honest, i am more entertained by the twisty features than my baby.
my son loves this teether.
he loves moving things and this is great for that since it twists and turns.
great teether and also great toy, it keeps my son entertained for a long time.
(he is 6 months old)
this definitely goes up there as one of the best teethers.
good toy!!!
this is a fun toy for babies as the sides move into different shapes.
the plastic surfaces have various textures for chewing and touching.
it grew with her.
it is resistent, noisy enught and the rubber part is nice.
there are definintely better products for the price out there that your baby will be able to handle and enjoy.
so adorable and cute.
the way it moves and is flexible is great for babies.
my son loves this both as a toy and as a teether.
it's easy for him to pick it up (he's 6 months old) and the different colors attract him to it.
he also loves being able to bend it into different shapes.
she's more interested now having more hand eye coordination- but the teether part is still a no-go.
it's got nice colors and a good changeable shape.
but it's still a teether.
different children definitely enjoy different things but all the children that have been to our house have liked the same ones that my daughter did and we had a lot to chose from.
it can morph and twist which is kind of fun but with just a little bit of use it has become very loose and doesn't hold any shape i can make with it anymore.
it fits nicely into a purse pocket.
each one has a different texture.
my baby girl is 5months and she overlooks it.
i hope it will get a better review!
i'm sure my daughter will like it as far as a colorful teether, but don't buy it thinking it's gonna be all cool and bendy and twisty.
it's fairly large, relatively heavy, and frankly it felt more like a toy than a teething ring.
nom nom nom chewy goodness.
i am still hoping my son will &#34;catch on&#34; with this toy.
great, colorful, and good price.
it twists in many different ways, it rattles a little bit, and is made up of both soft and hard plastic.my niece seems to really enjoy it.
very colorful and not gender specific at all!!
i got these for my 6-month old to play with and use as a teether because i saw it has such great ratings.
i like that it twists and turns in different ways, and some parts are rubber, so that she can grip it.
the other parts are smooth enough for her to suck on as well.
she's 5 1/2 months now and has a beautiful round head!
i can not recommend this highly enough!
i put in our stroller to stop my 6month old son's head from drooping when he sleeps.
it also helps keep him supported when he's awake.
occasionally he droops out of it, but overall it works great.
we use this in the bouncer and in the swing and i feel it definitely helps!
otherwise, we also tried it in a metrolite carseat and it fit fine.
if you have a brand new newborn and you are using a carseat - even one that has a built in head rest, you will want one of these anyway - or the snuzzler - because baby's head and neck will be slumped all over the place...
since it's only a couple bucks, it's worth putting it on your registry because someone will definitely buy it for you!
it provides extra cushion and i like that it helps keep my son from having a flat spot.
i wouln't use something like this in the crib though, but carseat or playtime is perfect.
i couldn't tell you if this is the reason my son's head is round in the back (smile).
we love this bedding.
great quality and washes very nicely.
i also like that it is very easy to find coordinating jersey knit crib sheets.
my sister who is 7 months pregnant again with her second child has this bedding set for her son (11months old) with the green hamper... she loves it because its a unisex bed set (she is not going to find out the sex of the baby...which most people find out (pink or blue) we wanted something that can fit both boy or girl!
over all we love this set and will use it for baby #2 crib!!
and its a good set!
i registered for the barnyard items because they are cute, whimsical, and neutral, suitable for a boy or girl.i have received the crib set and it is wonderful.
all products are well-made, withstood washing, and are made of quality fabrics.
the animals are cute and fun, and there is a variety of textures on the fabric such as quilting, waffle-weave, and fleece.
we bought this bedding for our son prior to his arrival (06-07-2004).
we thought our son would love the barnyard animals as they were so colorful.
we also live on a farm so it fit our theme perfectly.
well the bedding has proven itself.
our son, zachary, is now 2 1/2 months old and he loves it.
he loves the mobile also.
if you like this bedding you need to buy at babies r us as it is the most reasonable place.
anyway my son loves this theme and i would suggest this theme to anyone interested in barnyards.
it is so colorful and i just love those cute animals.
my son just stares at the animals for hours.
thanks and i hope i have helped some of you parents out.
this pattern is adorable for a boy or girl!
the colors really catch a babies eye - our daughter loved to look at her bumper with all the animals and bright colors when she was a newborn.
i don't beleive anyone will dispute that the barnyard bedding set is just beautiful, and can be used for a boy or a girl.i absolutely fell in love with it at babies r us, and kept going back to it over and over again.
this goes great with thier in flight bedding and is very easy to use.
it is nice looking and the mesh liner is strong and can hold about 5 days worth of twin clothes and blankets.
it folds nicely too and is not too big.
it broke in 3 different parts within the first week.
i also bought it because it was a great buy!
i have loved it!
the mesh liner that comes out is nice and sturdy and is very convienent.this is a great value!
it is a good deal.
it folds up easily and lightweigh.
you can was easily without it shrinking.
this hamper is such a nice piece to have!
the outside it very nice looking, it is very easy to set up, and the inside mesh bag is very easy to use.
it works well for me!
i personally love this hamper and would definitely recommend it!
this hamper is nice and very affordable i highly recommend it.
not worth it.
still, at 19.99, i didn't expect perfection.
not that it matters, but mine is green:)
i have been using this hamper for 5 months.pros:1) you can take off the outside material to wash it.2) there is an inside mesh liner that keeps baby's clothes from touching the outside material, so you don't have to keep taking the outside apart to wash it.3) the mesh liner lifts to take clothes to the laundry room, and can be washed as well (i have not washed it excessively, but i have washed it a couple times and have had no issues with tearing/fraying).4) it is a very neutral hamper that looks fine in any nursery.5) it is relatively inexpensive.cons:1) if you don't want to pull out the mesh lining to carry the clothes to the washer, then the lining is a bit of a nuisance.
he loves these cards, and they really have helped him learn both his colors as well as some additional vocabulary.
i also like that some of the cards use textures and patterns, as these concepts are more difficult to introduce to a toddler.
big, very sturdy, bright colors, clear pictures, and lots of educational fun for my 2-year-old.
a great teaching tool, surprisingly good quality considering the price.
highly recommended.
she doesn't quite put them together yet, but that will come.
my son isn't old enough to play with these and understand them yet, but i like them.
my son loves these pieces and they are very durable.
the colors are eye catching and the pictures are cute.
i bought these hoping to use them fairly soon but for the most part she just likes to carry the box around and take everything out of it and put it all back in!
the colors are good the pictures and words are very clear and when she gets older im sure these will be great for her!
love the colors and textures in these puzzle pieces.
great quality and concept.
my 2 year osld loves these cards.
i had high hopes for these, but have yet to find a kid who will play with them!
they are a great size as well.
it's amazing to see how playtime with these puzzles can be so much fun and educational.
this is a great puzzle and it comes with a lot of different 2-piece puzzles.
i'm happy i got this item.
my daughter, who turns 1 in a couple of weeks, has fun staring at the pictures and tossing the pieces around.
she likes the yarn that makes up the box handle.
they love matching them up though and my younger daughter really gets great practice with her colors this way!
my son is 20 months old and he loves the infantino puzzles.
every kid is diffrent.
its amazing to me how he was able to find the furry, bumpy, scales, leathery ones together.
he can also piece together the rainbow colors and the butterfly colors because they are more vivid, bright and colorfull.
but all in all its great.
maybe those solid colors are not interesting yet for him :)i see comments on how the textures puzzles are fewer than expected and i think its not so true.
thats a lot and its good enough for the prize.the quality itself is pretty sturdy.
lot for my kid to learn and its a fun activity to get down on the floor and play with kids.
kids are encouraged to play as a team to put together things.all in all excellent purchase.
another great wooden toy from wonderworld!
baby loves the bright colors, rattling, and ease of grasping.
a winning toy all around.
at 6 months, this toy continues to be one of her favorites.
also durable.
and the happy colors keep me at it!
perfect as a teething toy for young infants!
my son loves this!
easy to hold and the colors are great.
i highly recommend.
my husband picked this one out and we both loved how it turned out.
i washed everthing and it came out beautiful.
otherwise it is great.
my 4 month old son has such a cute all star room.
his walls are navy blue and the wall boarder is on the top and bottom of the walls.
the bedding looks so precious on his natural wood crib.
my son loves staring at his bumper and he will just look at it for hours sometimes, seriously!
well we also have the aquarium bed attatchment which works well.
i love this set and it washes very well, doesnt rip or fade.
a perfect set and just absoulutly adorable!
we painted our son's room blue and got every piece to this set.
it is just such a nice change from the baby blue with pastel colored bedding sets.
we love this bedding for our son's room.
the colors are wonderful and its just the right mixture of colors to make it cozy for a baby yet not too over the top for a boy.
cute, practical and washes up easily.
me and my husband both agreed to do the boys room in a sports theme.
they all seemed to be great quality.
this even has a table, clock, and shelf with pegs on it.
this still looked like brand new.
i washed them once and the colored faded right away.
my baby boy loves laying in his crib still at almost 6 months and staring up at his mobile.
i wash my babys fav blankets once a week and it still looks like new.
this is a great bedding set.
my 2 1/2 year old has the locomotion nursery (not the one shown on this website) , and it was very easy to find him sheets to go on his toddler bed for that theme.
the colors look like a heathered navy, and the picture really doesnt do this set justice!
my son just adores his room.
i also have a natural wooden crib and the set looks adoring.
this set is soo nice because i can easily incorperate other sports things into it.
i love it, my husband loves it, and my sons love it...
it is cute and the suction cups work very well on the two different baths/showers that we have used it on.
my son played with it as a basketball hoop at first, and now we just use it to store some of his bath toys in because his other storage container is too large for our current bathtub.
our 5 yr old loves this and uses it every time he is in the tub.
and i have to admit, i think my husband really likes it too.it sticks well to the tile wall and makes bath time fun!
she absolutely loves it & does not want bath time to end!
my son loves playing with balls and this is just perfect.
my son was 11 months when we got it and loves to "shoot hoops."
the balls are neatly colored and engaging...i wish they weren't squeeze balls though bc it is difficult to keep those toys free of mildew.
solid would have been my choice.
it's still in the tub and played with however the mesh hoop starting tearing away from the plastic rim within about 10 days, which is why i give 3 stars.
the suction cups work great.
this is a good toy.
my son loves to pick up the basketballs and dunk them.
i know the age says 3 years or older, but my son is 14months old and he has had this toy for a month and loved it from day 1.
the netting ripped right away and my daughter was very gentle with it.
my daughter is going thru a stage at 2 1/2 where she doesnt want to take a bath.
the 3 balls are very cute and soft.
the hoop is sturdy and the suction cups are great.
suction cups hold great.
this has been a lot of fun for my girls.
and by far it is her favorite toy.
still a fun bath time activity.
it seems durable and suctions well to the wall.
overall a fun bath toy that my son likes!
i got this for my nephew and son and they absolutely love this.
i highly recommend this for small toddlers.
the right suction cup worked fine, so the hoop was always falling sideways.
kids love this and have fun with it in the tub.
suction cups are strong, which is good.
this is our second time purchasing this toy.
the kids love playing with it in the tub and it sticks to the wall very well.
:)
my son loves this basketball hoop and ball set.
it comes with three balls and we it makes bath time fun!
he enjoyed them in the tub and totally understood making baskets, which was great.
we've had several different uses out of this hoops and ball set.
the three balls are a perfect size for our son, who has had these since he turned 2.
he has other toys such as floating rings that he uses the balls with and while younger he just used the net to store the balls.
the suction cups didn't work well in our other bathroom because the tiles have texture.
fun toy and we used this a lot.
we wound up storing a lot of tub toys in this for our son.
it doesn't rip or fall apart and it stays on the  tile perfectly.
good buy.
even changing stations didn't help- we still picked up the sounds from their monitor and even more static!
though this monitor is very sensitive and can pick up other sounds from outside, you can hear the smallest peep from your baby which i think for myself as a new parent, in the beginning particularly, reassuring.
the range is very good - we can take it to our back yard and know we can hear her.
this monitor overall works great.
we often do yard work when our son is napping and it has a little belt clip that works great and it gets good reception in the yard!!!
i use this monitor in addition to the baby's quiet sounds video monitor by summer.
i love the two handsets to use throughout the house or outside.
it has been an essential tool in looking after our son.
this is well worth the money.
i also use the safety first monitor with two handsets to carry outside to the back yard.
it's an inexpensive monitor and very efficient at picking up the slightest sound your little one makes.
it is so clear and sensitive that we can hear a car driving by before we can hear it from our windows.
i recommend this monitor because of the clarity and also because it has 2 receivers which is very handy as you walk around your house during naptimes.
it always has static and background noise (including our neigbors!
but i'm told a lot of monitors do that), so the red light is always on.
my son is still sleeping in our room so we hardley use it, but for my own piece of mind, we'll probably buy another monitor when he goes into his room.
i love this monitor - it conducts every sound from the nursery during all uses but my favorite use for it is when i'm in the shower.
the base light has also been very helpful for middle of the night diaper changes.
it's soft glow gives us enough light to make sure we've done a good clean up but isn't bright enough to make the baby think it's time to really wake up and play.
the nightlight on the monitor with the 15-minute timer is a great feature b/c it doesn't generate heat as does a conventional outlet nightlight bulb.
therefore, we've used the monitor light.
i love this monitor.
i love that it has two receivers.
we keep one in our bedroom and one in the living room.
we keep them plugged in, but the one in the living room we also keep a battery in, so we can just unplug it and clip it to our pockets when we go outside or something.
it picks up every little sound beautifully -- even when at the back of our half-acre property!
i especially love that the transmitter is a light when you press it!
about 75% it works beautifully.
i love these monitors.
otherwise, i love the fact that it even has a nightlight.
also, these monitors are very sensitive so i can hear everything that is going on with my baby.
some people may not like this, but being a new mom, i love that they are so clear and sensitive.
sometimes switching channels on it will cause me to hear my neighbor's telephone conversation, but i switched it back and it was fine.i love that it has 2 receivers.
i also like the fact that i can hear my son breathing...that's how sensitive the monitor is.
i love it.
the reception is good and our house is pretty big.
i can easily hear sounds as soft as my son breathing.
however, we have tried to use the monitor outside in our garage while we were in the hot tub.
having 2 receivers is wonderful for a 2-story house and i rarely have to move them...
i would highly recommend this monitor!update november 2007:  we still have this monitor and use it every day.
still highly recommended!
we tried all different places in our house to plug it in and it didn't get any better.
i guess i'm one of the few lucky ones who got a great monitor on the first try!!
this one works great.
it is so sensitive...you can hear a whisper.
i highly recommend this monitor to everyone!!
this montior does work well.
i can hear my son breathing, and dogs barking and all of that very clearly.
it works outside, upstairs and down.
this monitor works so well... you can hear every sound the baby makes!
i highly recommend this monitor!!!!!
the sound quality is excellent.
we're so use to hearing that static noise that my husband and i keep testing it to make sure it's working since it's so quiet and static free.
overall, this is a great monitor and a very great price.
remember, price doesn't always equal quality...
i got this monitor as a baby shower gift and i couldn't be more happy with it.
we love this monitor.
i love these monitors.
upon reading great reviews for baby monitors we chose to get this one.
we have a basement and an upstairs so we wanted the 2 receiver deal.
turning them up all the way is a bit much, but we can hear our son breathing over the monitor.
it truly does give you peace of mind.
we love this monitor, it works great and we've had no problems with static or interference.
the nightlight is a great feature as well.when we were registering for our baby shower at babies r us, the sales associate said that this monitor gets the best reviews from parents, and hardly any are returned.
i have this nice monitor and still using it (got it from baby shower).
my daughter is almost [...] and i love it the very first time i used it because the sound is very clear, durable and dependable.
highly recommended!
what a great idea!
bought with first baby and attached it to bed.
but we loved it, it was nice to have the baby close but not in the bed.
still love it, used the pockets this time.
it's nice to be able to store extra bedding beneath the sleeper part too.
good buy!
i wish i would have bought an extra sheet because when we wash the sheet it's inconvenient to not have a spare.
it's very reassuring for me and my husband to have him close to us.the instructions for assembly aren't terribly detailed but it is pretty easy to assemble and disassemble.
it is a well constructed item.
if you haven't yet had your baby & you share this fantasy: get over it.
and if your baby is like mine (90% on the growth charts) she likely may have out-grown the mini by the time she can nurse successfully laying down.but i still give this 5 stars because it made life so much easier.
(and sleep is soooo precious in those first weeks!)
but, honestly, we've never even used it.if you are planning to have your baby sleep in your room for 2 to 6 months, the mini co-sleeper will be perfect.
this fit well in our room, washed well ( leakydiapers and spitup), secured to the bed and holds so much!
best for small spaces, travel to family and in hotels, and roomier and appears safer than bassinet.
it's the perfect size for our newborn and i expect that she won't grow out of it until she's at least 6 months old (and we might anyway move her to her own crib by that point.)
because i'm right there, i've been able to shift her back over to the middle but it worries me and we never let her sleep in the co-sleeper unattended.that being said, i think the co-sleeper has saved our sleep and sanity because we have a small bedroom and needed something to watch her at night.two tips:1.
you can simply use an ordinary king-sized pillowcase which fits perfectly over the mattress.2.
we love (!)
the co-sleeper links to our bed and i can easily see her at night, lift her up without getting out of bed, feed her and return her, all while sitting in my bed.
if she cries i can easily reach and touch her without effort.
i highly recommend the co-sleeper to any new parent, mainly for the piece of mind!
this is better than a bassinett for the following reasons - when you bring your newborn home... you want to keep an eye on the baby, every breath and noise your baby makes you want to be able to quickly look over to see whats going on.
it doesn't look as 'pretty and fluffy' as a bassinett but it is the best purchase.
but for sleeping at night this is the best.
it has great storage underneath it aswell.
this is the perfect bed for us!
i wanted our baby as close as possible, and would have liked to have her in bed with us, but my husband was not comfortable with that.
this bed was the perfect solution.the height is exactly right for our mattress on a regular bed frame, but someone with a "real" bed might need the leg extentions.
the size of the mini is great for our small bedroom,  but still plenty big enough.
however, rather than buying extras, i discovered that a king sized pillowcase fits the mattress perfectly!
this is a cheaper and safe alternative to buying extra sheets for the mini co-sleeper.
we use this exclusively at our bedside.
highly recommended for travel!!
the height of the co-sleeper worked fine with our king-size bed, but because we have side rails on our bed we couldn't get a truly flush fit, so it's best that the mattresses are not the same height anyway.
he's starting to kick at the sides.
i also use a water bottle and stuff it in the pocket.it seemed great to have so much storage underneath, but really, all i have in there is spare sheets so i think the space kind of goes to waste.
however, i will still think about going with the full size original with number two.
to an organic version, which is still important to me.
on the bright side, my cats loved to sleep in it.
i am absolutely in love with this.
i sleep better, my son sleeps better...
i can lay, half asleep, rubbing his belly, helping him keep his pacifier in... and it is so nice to have him right there...
absolutely love it!
there is also a storage compartment that is great for storing extra sheets.my favorite thing about the mini co-sleeper is the peace of mind it gave me.
the salesman at the store told me that regular cradle sheets will fit fine.
my son is now 4 months old and has moved into a crib, but we will definitely be saving this for our next child.
i love the mesh, the lowering capability and the style.
it's a smart piece of furniture
i borrowed this from a friend because our son hated our very expensive bassinet.
we bought this because we loved the idea of having our baby be able to sleep next to us in bed without the dangers of being in the same bed.
the sheets are expensive ($14.99) but i bought the koala cradle/bassinet sheets from babies r us for $6.99 each and they fit perfect!
i used a moby wrap with my son, but he's 4 now, and i need to be mobile with two children.
our first adjustment was to buy a different sheet.
otherwise the 'mattress' is incredibly hard and our baby hates it.
our second adjustment was to level off the 'mattress' with some padding underneath.
the co-sleeper will bow in the middle, and our baby rolls towards one end of the co-sleeper, much to our chagrin!
[...]i love the mini co-sleeper!
i bought mine from babybungalow.com which i researched as having the best price for the mini-co sleeper and sheets.
most playards are 28 x 40 - the compass p100 playard is32 x 40 love it!!!
it is a very roomy, comfortable, playpen/bassinet/changing table all in one.
the co-sleeper has not only made it easier to care for him in the first demanding weeks and months of life, but it has made us both happier and better sleepers.the co-sleeper attaches securely to the side of the bed.
there is a bit of a ridge.
with our high bed, it's also a bit lower even with three sets of leg extensions added.
i also like to be able to reach over, while still lying down, and pat him to comfort him.
sometimes i've had the baby in bed with us for nursing or to console him, and slept ... the co-sleeper attachment just gives some extra feelings of security.]
our baby seems very comforted seeing one of his parents near him, just inches away.
with the co-sleeper, i can just look over - and most of the time - i will sleep through the minor grunts and sighs that babies make in the middle of the night.
the co-sleeper was very easy to put together and very simple to attach to our bed.
i would pick her up, feed her and place her back to sleep without ever leaving my bed.
it worked great!
i highly recommend this item to all mothers, especially if you plan on breasfeeding!
:-)
good because:-it doesn't take up a lot of space.-it's the perfect size for a tiny one.-great practical use.
i have also used it on the window above the rocking chair for our son to look at during feedings!
the suction cup works but only if you have a place to suction it that your baby can't reach but can see and it doesn't frustrate him to not be able to touch his toys.
most babies are stronger than velcro and magnetic clasps.
it makes great calm noise.even our dog likes to steal toys from infant seat if he manages to =) and happily run around with it.it is cheap really, but very very cute and materials are very nice.i recommend it!
the little animals are just held on by velcro so she pulls them off and shoves them in her mouth which keeps her occupied while i change her.
bright, happy and fun!
worth the money!
the turtle has a mirror in the belly, the snail is a rattle and the butterfly is filled with colorful beads to shake.
but, my favorite feature is the car-window hanger.
a great design and a great toy!
this is a great purchase choice.
it's also more fun!
it has an attached, fold-down/open play mat on the front which my son loves.
it has extra storage "nets" on the sides, and a removable carrying case that fits in the smaller section inside.
it's also very sturdy for being soft-sided.
the chest arrive and was spacious and cute.
it's great and there is no smell to it at all.
it's a great value and looks really nice in the nursery.
the sides have mesh pockets for books and the tote bag fits into one side (after putting in divider).
the sides and divider that velcros inside to divide into 2 sections would probably bend if the baby smashed into them, stood on them, etc., but the plus side for me is that she cannot turn it into a stepladder because it is somewhat pliable.
for the price, it cannot be beat and provides good temporary toy storage.
we have been storing my 20 month daughter's toys in an open box in the living room since she was born.
this fits the bill perfectly.
but the best part- it closes!
i highly recommend this toy box.
we bought this item for our 2 year old.
this toy box really holds a lot of stuff, but because it's soft, my son couldn't really climb on it.
i felt safe enough to leave this toy box - unlike the others which are in the living room - in his room.
now that he's almost 3, he flips the front open and plays with his cars and tucks books into the side pockets.
this was the perfect toy box for our family!
i wanted a soft, spacious toybox and this one is great.
the size is great, it can hold a lot of toys.
the little toy mat that folds down in the front is a nice feature.
the best part for me is safety.
my daughter loves this toy box.
she is at an age where she really likes taking her toys out and putting them back in, so she does that a lot.
the box is sturdy enough to withstand her using it to lean on and pull herself up with, and i can pick up the whole box without it collapsing in on itself.
you can easily open the zippers on both sides to control the temperature, and even take the cover off, leaving only the back part on the car seat.
i will be buying the bundle me big once our baby outgrows this one.
this is very convenient.
our son was born in september and we got this as a shower gift!!
we absolutely love it!
it fits our britax chaperone carseat perfectly and does not effect the harness system at all!
it is warm and cozy and we never have to take a jacket on and off our son even with the cold new england weather!!
sure beats unstrapping your baby to take their coat on and off a hundred times!!
the inside is very soft and thick and warm.
i found that my son got really hot in the bundleme - as we ran errands and in and out of places.
it kept him warm (sometimes too warm) and was easy to get him in and out of.
once it got too warm for his carseat i put it in his graco quattro tour and he loves it.
he stays all nice and warm.
i use the bundle me lite and that works great...no fuzzies that come off.
i love this!
it's great because you don't have to pack a bunch of blankets to keep your baby warm.
super easy!
these will keep your child warm but are not approved for use with most car seats.
with the other kids we always just used blankets piled on top of the carseat to keep them warm.
so, we bought this and have been so happy.
it keeps the baby nice and warm without having him overheat in the car once you get the heat going.
i like that it has zippers on both sides that can let this open easily so that the baby can get a little breather until it's time to go back outside and bundle back up again.
it always looks nice and really does not appear dirty.
since i bought this in october, i don't think that amazon will accept a return.
i will update when i speak with them.
**
this item is so nice.
it is very warm.
no need for a snowsuit or anything super warm.
it is also very comfortable for her.
it was easy to wash, easy to attach to the infant carrier, and warm enough for the baby.
a great invention!
i really needed a way to keep him warm right away.
he's always warm and toasty.
i own the original bundle me and bought this new urban bundle me for my cousin's baby.
the nylon urban is also rain/water resistant.
i can't tell you which one will suit your needs more, just trying to help make your selection process more successful!!
whichever one you choose will definitely make your life sooo much easier!this is a link to the bundle me urban that i purchased as a gift:jj cole urban bundleme ice
it gets very cold here in the winter and my son was born in jan.
no poofy coats, just a nice warm cacoon for you little one.
i love this!
bundle her up in a coat and hat, blankets, etc.
it is easy to install and keeps my daughter toasty warm.
i actually got one of these handed down after much use and it is still in wonderful shape.
it is easy to put on and i put an infant body support pillow on top of it in the carseat to support her head.
perfect!
i bought this original bundle me in graphite and i love it.
it is so warm and soft that our son is comfortable.
this is by far one of my favorite items i own as a new mom.
with her coat on.
fits perfectly in newborn car seat.
it is soft, washable and looks great.
love the bundle me products.
the original is perfect for winters in the midwest.
the 'lite' version is great for our springtime also.
will continue to purchase for new mothers because everyone loves them.
i also loved that there was two different zippers (one on each side) so i have full control of ventalation.
i washed it over 20 times and it still looked new!
love my bundle me, received it as a shower gift and it is one of my favorites.
you do get the hang of it but it still takes time to get it just right and drags the floor in the process.
it pulls up on your shirt so make sure you wear a long one!
i washed it several times and even lint rolled it and it still didn't help.
it's also made of a thick t-shirt like material and made me and my son hot.
my baby feels secure, its the ultimate in custom adjustibility and size is not a factor.
sexy, huh?
it holds the baby nicely but wrapping it around the baby is a two person job.
if you got the time and help, this might be for you but, if you are like any other parents in the world, get something easier to use.
at first, i loved this carrier.
it's very versatile, too - also unlike the bjorn.
**original review**the ultimate baby wrap is so easy to throw on for errands and pop my daughter in and out at each stop.
on a recent trip i wore it all weekend and it was so nice and easy.
i love the pocket.
when i wear my baby it does stretch that area quite a bit, and like i said i wash and dry it a lot which isn't that great for any fabric.
i have yet to fine one that will fit and still be a reasonable price.
this is a great carrier, once you figure it out.
this wrap is easy to use & fairly comfortable, except that you are constantly having to adjust it tighter.
my 10 pound baby bounced more than could be safe, & gradually sagged lower and lower, requiring constant tightening.i returned it & ordered an ellaroo from peppermint.com -- it is so much more comfortable & more secure, the baby doesn't bounce or sag, and it's beautiful.
so we bought the sungli and so far, very pleased.
you have to read the directions the first time, but if you do, they're very easy.
and with the amount of time i spend wearing this thing (often several hours each day), i really appreciate the back support it provides.
its great for when they are fussy and want to be held all the time.
if i walk to get coffee, i take it because its easier to get around in a store without a stroller.
always use it in the grocery store.
would recommend it to everyone
we registered for this carrier for our second child.
my son loves to use it when we go shopping, for a walk and it makes house work easier when he wants to be held all day (my husband laughs when he sees me vaccuming with our son attached to be via the carrier).
but with the instructions and a little time to spare you can learn the 'in and outs' of this carrier and love it as much as we have.
i gave it two stars because it was easy to set up and it positions nicely--just didn't work out for us.
for the first couple months, our daughter wanted to be held constantly (even when napping).
my husband even used it while mowing the lawn.
she isn't quite old enough to use it in the back position yet, but we have definitely already gotten our money's worth.
i love this carrier.
i love all the adjustments.
a great idea to make it a front and back carrier, but the baby bjorn is still easier to put on and take off, which we also have.
in addition, this carrier wasn't comfortable on my short and petite frame.
above all, i preferred the maya wrap for even greater versatility and easier to pack for travelling.
at first it seems like the straps are complicated, but after a couple uses it is simple to use.
my husband and i can both adjust the carrier to fit our different sizes.
my baby (a preemie, now 4 months) likes to ride in the carrier facing in, but loves riding in it facing out.
this is a great buy.
although i wanted the baby bjorn, i registered for this carrier mainly because of price (especially since i needed two for my twins!).
the snugli works, you just have to have patience...which i don't have a lot of.
captivating patterns!
our 2 month old just recently started &#34;noticing&#34; his mobile and he loves it!
i catch him smiling and cooing at the pictures.
i'm anxious to see how much more he responds to it.it's easy to install and has a great look in the nursery.
the mobile doesn't move which somehow i failed to put together, but the thing is so beautiful.
baby is happy means mommy and daddy are happy.
very good for eye development.
our son is 9 months and has grown out of using a mobile now, but for the period from about three to six months he loved lying and staring up at it.
i ended up clipping a small amount of plastic off of each end of the connecting &#34;t&#34;s with a nail clipper.
it didn't affect their stability and made it much easier to change them around.our son still enjoys the disks sometimes.
i do love that i can change the height of how it hangs so it is always just right for the development.
there is a great variety of cards and easily connected to our crib and even pack n play.
it comes apart and stores very well until we are ready to use it again with another child.
upon assembly, my husband pointed out that the slits made to take the cards apart are actually just slightly too small and will cause ripping.
this is the perfect little mobile for above a changing table or a pack and play, etc.
it's smaller than a traditional mobile you'd use above a crib.
the graphics are clear and stimulating and both of my twin boys loved it.
love this mobile.
perfect at around 5 weeks to put in crib to simply entertain baby for a while.
our 3 1/2 month old baby loves this mobile!
she loves to lie on the changing table and kick while staring at it - sometimes for 20 minutes or more, which is amazing for her age.
but we absolutely love it.
our baby loves it still or moving.
great for visual development.
she talks to it and goos and gaas and has a great time!
also, it would be fantastic if this mobile had a second way to attach or remain fixed so we could move it from the changing table and set it on the bed, etc.
they love to look at it and grab it (when i dangle it by hand).
i wish i would of invested into a different mobile that spins on its own.
there are many extra cards that you can change out to keep it interesting.
changing out cards is a bit fussy and it breaks easily, so be careful.
he is mesmerized and it keeps him calm.
fortunately we were able to glue the piece back together.we were just looking for a simple mobile for our baby and we hope this will meet our needs.
i'm certain i have one of the most popular cribs in the us, i got it at costco after all, and the mobile simply will not fit anywhere on the crib.
they stare at it when they are awake and love to look at the pictures.
i hope they are learning something, they just love it.
i also bought a small portable one for them which they also love.
this mobile works wonderfully.
our child is fascinated with it and it keeps him engaged for a reasonable amount of time.
my daughter likes this mobile - especially the picture of the cat.
my son loved to look at this mobile.
the pictures face down towards the baby, which is nice.
i received it as a gift and have given it to all my new mom friends as well.
it is extremely stimulating and love how engaging it is.
i must admit that my daughter enjoyed looking at this  mobile for the first couple months of her life.
and the cards are somewhat translucent so you can see the image on the reverse as well.
i love the variety of colors and prints.
now she is almost 6mo but still love to watch it.i love it because: clean design.
simple graphics.
solid basic colors.
black, white and red are absolute hit with my baby (probably most babies).reviews: the reviews on amazon were great and very helpful too.
i also researched online, this was a highly recommended mobile.product info & my belief: even though its very simple as compared to many available, it serves the purpose just fine and price is great too.
based on my research (and i do lot of it before buying anything for my baby), the simple and solid color graphics are great for infant's development.
it was lot of fun watching and listening to her making funny sounds.
now, she also enjoys to stand with support and try to grab the cards.
the look on her face proves its a great buy for us.
highly recommended!
i hung it above her changing table when she was younger but now its over her crib.
this is a great mobile!
i used it for her changing table and she loved it from 1 month to now almost 4 months of age.
keeps her still and captivated at the same time!
some of them you can't even face downwards because it doesn't have a hole for that option.
she's entranced by the graphic colors and the baby face image.
but it's a great item.
this mobile is definitely stimulating.
my lo can look at the pictures for significant amounts of time.
it's great.
my son didn't really enjoy or even notice the mobile till about 2 mo.
when my baby was 5 weeks i printed off some stimulation images from the internet and taped them to the bottom of the shelf over his changing area.he loved (and still does at 3mos) looking at them.once he started smiling and cooing at them, i decided i needed something similar for his co-sleeper.this mobile by manhattan fits the bill perfectly.i don't miss having a music box or motorized movement.
the designs must make his little brain go b/c our son loved watching and batting at this mobile.
it's a very neat, high contrast mobile with a lot of different image options but if you have a modern styled crib with a thicker top slat then this thing will not fit.
we hang this mobile over our changing table.
it keeps the babies entertained and occupied during diaper changes.
this is not the cutest mobile, but i think that from a babies point of view it will be perfect.
i love that it can be changed around to offer baby a different view and that it can be raised as baby gains strength and height.
simple design - easy to put together - interesting concept.
our infant son seemed to like it (or at least reached for it when it was above him.)
a nice change from the cheesy, lights & flash items that are out there.the arm attaches by a plastic &#34;vise&#34; -- it doesn't look sturdy but it worked pretty well.
:)
i highly recommend this mobile.
our baby loved it.
it got her attention and she followed the mobile as it moves.
good 1st toy to stimulate her brain and help build eye coordination.suggestion: purchase this mobile as early as possible (e.g.
before the baby is born) and use it immediately.
baby grows so fast that in couple months, baby will outgrow this toy.
this will not fasten to a pack 'n' play or other crib/baby-wrangler that has a solid wall.
it allows changing height by removing links as vision range increases.
cost is very reasonable.
but there isn't really any part of this mobil that works.
i bought this on a recommendation from my aunt.
my daughter loves it and finds it fascinating to look at.
also it doesn't spin like most mobiles and she loves for it to spin.
(the part where the crib slats meet the top).
after having twins, it's not worth the hassle of the return.
this mobile has been great for our 6-week old son.
i bought this mobile because it is one of the few i've seen where the picture face the baby, who's laying in the crib.
also, the cards are not interchangeable.
as some of the best patterns are on the vertical cards, i am disappointed by this as well.that said, baby does find the patterns fascinating and exciting.
i wanted something simple for my baby's crib and this mobile was perfect!
i liked the quality of this mobile and the images were a perfect blend of black and white, color, basic lines and more complicated shapes and images.
it also attached very easily to the crib.
our infant loves the pictures on this mobile (he is 8-weeks old).
the black, white, red contrast is excellent for drawing baby's attention and the images are simple and clean for him to study (aka smile, coo, and make gooby faces at while kicking and shaking his fists).keeps him interested for about ten minutes without complaints and when he starts to fuss we can often turn the mobile to get him engaged all over again.this comes with extra cards so you can change them out keeping it new and exciting.there are no lights, sounds, or motion.
this mobile is great, very stimulating for baby.
other than that it's a great buy.
she is 10 weeks now and she will lay in her co-sleeper staring at the cards, smiling and talking to them.
with the clamp, this stimulating mobile is one of the best purchases i've made for my baby.
this mobile has been a great purchase even though it lacks the capability to rotate by itself.
the distinct geometrical figures seem to great for stimulating her and make her want to continue looking at them.
the ability to switch the different parts out to change things up is also nice, although a bit difficult.
this mobile is perfect for newborns.
we hung this over our changing table, and our daughter was in love.
she would smile, and talk to this mobile.
our son loves this.
my son is mesmerized by this every time i change him, even now 4 1/2 months, especially when i switch out a few cards.
hang this above your changing table and watch your baby transform from fussy to totally calm.
this awesome mobile is the finest i've ever encountered.
keeps baby engaged and stimulated.
it's stimulating for babies; thus, they might have problems falling asleep with this above their heads.
cute, easy to assemble, very stimulating to my child...
it's not the more expensive but keep my son amazed with the colors and patterns
my baby is mesmerized every time he sees his mobile.
i am very happy with this purchase .
it's very easy to assemble and i  like the different options of cards.
great price , will recommend to family/friends.
also, while the actual mobile things are beautiful and bright and great for educational development, they are hard to put together and take apart without twisting off the thing that connects them.regardless, my daughter loves to look at it, especially when the fan blows it so it moves.
i wasn't sure about this mobile at first since it doesn't move and it's just a bunch of abstract and simple pictures dangling above the baby, but i needed something to distract my 2 month old daughter at the changing table without having to buy another fancy mobile.
at first glance, my baby took to it right away.
this has become one of my 2 month old daughter's favorite toy.
she loves talking to it...so much so that sometimes i'm reluctant to move her out of the changing table.the stem is made of plastic that comes in two parts which you snap together and once attached you cannot take it apart.
the cards are plastic and reminds me a bit of plastic poker cards.
however, i just put the images i like on the mobile and use the rest as flash cards when traveling to distract my little girl.for the price and the entertainment it has brought to my baby, i highly recommend this mobile.
wish i could give it 5 stars but the construction issues others have referenced prevent that.
but still, it's amazing to watch how our baby is mesmerized by the patterns, just totally engrossed.
love it despite the construction issues.
nice mobile- my son only liked it for a few months so i cannot review it for longevity purposes.
nice pictures- they did hold his attention and the advanced ones made him smile.
she says he also loves it.
maybe this is best for 0-3 months range.
i also love that you can change teh pieces on the mobile to make it a new mobile, keeping your baby's attention even more!
we put it on the changing table and she loved to look at it - it would keep her from getting fussy during clothing and diaper changes.
now she is 5 months old and she is obsessed with grabbing it and putting the cards in her mouth.
she reaches out for it any time we carry her past the changing table.
my daughter is 10 weeks old and absolutely loves this mobile!
she stares, smiles, laughs, and kicks excitedly every time i lay her on the changing table, and i can spin and rotate it with my hand to provide her further entertainment.
it clamped easily to her changing table, and it comes with more cards than you need so you can switch out the cards.
rather than switch them out, i used the extra cards and an embroidery hoop and ribbon to make her a second mobile for over the crib, so that was an unexpected bonus!
and you can use a little bit of clear tape to make them hang straighter if it bothers you.
she loves it so  much that it's definitely worth it!i also recommend the travel version, which easily clips to her pack and play.
if you want to purchase a mobile that will entertain, stimulate and teach your child (rather than something that matches your nursery decor), buy this mobile.
my infant has loved this from day one and cannot get enough of the pictures.
as my son co-sleeps with us, i started by attaching the mobile to his changing table.
i do agree with some of the other reviewers that it could be constructed a bit better.
my baby loved looking at this mobile from a very early age.
the designs on the cards are actually very attractive and when i held some of the cards by hand up to my baby's face, they caught and kept his attention.
february 2011, 3 stars:i was excited when one of my friends purchased this mobile off our registry for us because i'd read such excellent things about it.
well, it arrived yesterday.
i love the idea of the interchangeable high-contrast cards to keep a baby interested.
the various plastic components are different shades of "white" (one reviewer said the arm and crib attachment were lavender and that's about right).second, the crib attachment piece is non-adjustable.
it definitely required a bit of patience and some twisting/turning this way and that.
i love the concept and the images are pretty cool.
my son loved this mobile for months so i switched out the cards regularly to keep him stimulated.
simple.
we put the changing table in our bedroom because baby is still sleeping in bassinet - she loves this mobile.
we put it on the side of the changing table and at 5 weeks was staring and smiling looking at it.
since she needed to be stimulated this worked as i didn't want to put decals on my bedroom walls, the changing table is moving once she's in her own room.
highly recommend.
she is now 11 weeks and she is obviously entertained by it, with big smiles when it is moving.
it places some cards in a horizontal position so that they can be viewed from below (perfect for the baby's perspective).
the triangle is small and needs some force to push the knob through.
each horizontal card has a couple of slits (that look like cracks) in the center (one larger than the other, at right angles).
meantime, the baby, and the manufacturer, win, but i'm not happy about it.
i love the simple.
high-contrast images that are so great for a baby's development.
it also comes with two sets of images: high contrast black-and-white, and high contrast color.
we had another mobile from tiny love which played music, was very colorful and moved in multiple directions and my son was indifferent to it.
we even got him a second one for his changing table, sine he liked it so much.now at 4 months old, he still likes to look at it, although it does not hold his attention as much as it used to before.
our six week old daughter loves this mobile.
my son adores his mobile.
honestly, it is very simple and i am amazed that he likes it so much.
and i am so glad i listened to her!
the simple shapes and colors are apparently very appealing and engaging, judging from how much my son loves to chat it up.okay, yes, this mobile is not made out of the most durable materials (as other reviewers have noted).
we use it as a means to interact with ours.
however, it means we have to be actively involved and not use this as a way to entertain without being involved.
my husband and i jokingly call this mobile our baby's &#34;best friend.&#34; we have it hanging above her changing table, and she smiles, coos and squeals with delight every time we lay her beneath it.
originally, we bought two of the fisher price rainforest-something-or-other mobiles for our twin sons.
they played music and lit up and spun, but they kept blowing through batteries.
it is absolutely wonderful.
right now, as i type this review, he is in his crib giggling and cooing, and not screaming.i love you, mobile.
you are my hero.
we placed the most simple cards facing the bottom initially and flipped them around 1.5 months.
when the mobile spins, they are able to increase their hand-eye coordination ability.
one of the twins likes to kick the cards with her feet, which helps to develop awareness of their lower extremities as well as coordination.[...
definitely a must buy
i purchased 2 of these for my grandsons, my husband and i used a similar device for our kids.
the types of table this will fit is very limited.
i own an antique broyhill table - the item will not fit.
to attach the chair to tables you must apply a great amount of pressure down onto the chair in order to get it level with the table.
its fantastic!
she loves being right at the table with us and it is very sturdy!
it is well made and works great.
our daughter fits great and she loves sitting at the table with us.
this chair is awesome because it doesn't take up much space and it travels very easily.
the plastic on the clamps made me a bit nervous (p&t  has a small, simple solid metal clamp.)
still i saved $60 by ordering these and they work great.
the regalo is a nice seat but as i said, doesn't fit a lot of tables very easily.
this is great for the price.
the three pieces can be cumbersome to work with and sometimes the back bar slips out of it's seat 'pocket' and creates more work.there are others that are 3 or 4 times the price that are great and you wouldn't have the above problems, so it's up to you to decide if that price premium is worth it or not.
we had to use it on the outside patio table.
it worked perfectly for my daughter and can easily store when not in use!
the seat board is kind of cheap, like a thick cardboard, but it doesn't effect the ability to support my baby its still very sturdy so i still give it 5 stars.
i was looking for a portable seat to take places, and this actually just ended up being his chair at one of our two tables in our house, which is equally as nice so i don't have to keep moving his high chair depending on if we are eating at the formal dining table or the breakfast nook (it currently resides at the breakfast nook where we eat breakfast and lunch.
i still use his highchair for dinner).
i still don't have a portable seat that's super easy to take places (see cons) but i have a great seat, nonetheless!pros:-comfortable.
it's a good second chair for us.
:) hope this helps.
this chair is quite nice.we had the more expensive chicco chair, but this is just as good for its purpose.this fits our table top because of its adjustable handles and doesn't make our kitchen/dining area look like a childcare.if you are on a budget.
and the metoo chair does go on my table with a skirt.
keep in mind, though, the chair only works with tables with a lip on them so you may not be able to use this at your favorite restaurant.
the padded part on the back of the seat attached with velcro also and i noticed that it doesn't always stay attached secure enough to cover all the velcro, so sometimes the velcro will rub against baby's hair or bib depending on how he is sitting.i know that all doesn't sound great, but that's because it's not 'great', it's 'ok'.
easy installation, fit perfectly on a bar top style section of seating in the kitchen.
my only complaint is that at my son's age/height, the bar in the back of the frame is right across the back of his head, so to be comfortable he has to lean his head forward.
it wipes clean and is easy to install /uninstall and i feel its safe.
my son just doesn't eat well in it and i believe it's because he's uncomfy.
it easy to use and u don't need a chair to fasten it to first...just slide the arms of the portable highchair onto the top of the table, tighten the screwers to ensure the chairs stays upright and fastened to the table...when done, reverse all procedures, slide it off the table, and away u go.
it has held up very well with no signs of wear and tear.
the material used is soft and easy to clean.
the chair easily fits over tables with lips.
both arms fold down and lock back in place to work on tables with lips.
also, the high chairs arms look slightly bent at an angle but this actually is a useful feature.
overall, great quality, affordability, usefulness and accessibility makes this high chair a must have!
we like to have the baby at the table with us.
a friend of mine recommend this and it is so nice!
love that it can be taken with you easily to restaurants and other places.
very safe and secure.
the top of her head is 2 inches below the top of the chair.
i also own the phil & ted's meetoo clamp on chair (the one that isn't recalled) and we love that one.
it's just not sleek and stylish.
our son really likes to watch and participate in the kitchen.
happy baby equals happy momma/daddy.
our son is on the upper end of the growth chart at 16 months and it still works for him.
i like that it puts her at the table with us and doesn't take up extra space in our small eat-in kitchen.
it is easy to detach and transport.
we take it to church potlucks, restaurants, and when visiting friends and family for dinner.
i still highly recommend it.
we did continue to use it, and i felt safe doing so.
i am still happy with the chair overall and would buy it again.
so far it has worked great and it is easy to use and carry with us.
easy to install and is very secure!
perfect for traveling or leaving at grandma's house!
awesome chair!!!
this item does not work on any table that has any kind of skirt.
we bought this high chair for travel purposes after realizing that the height of the tables and highchairs in most restaurants were not very compatible for our baby eating food off the table.
we've began using this with our 8 month old, and it looks like it will fit her for quite a while.
great to have baby at the table.
that's rare in a restaurant, so it's great for out and about, but we have a hard time using it at home.
it's definitely worth the price though.
easy to use and lightweight.
my daughter is 1 year old, 21 lb, 28 inches and she fits well in it.
we love this chair.
pretty easy to clean as well.
highly recommended.
it's perfect!
(he has one of those heavy, solid wood desks it takes two men to lift)i bought this solely to use in booths in restaurants.
i'd much rather her be in the booth between me and my husband, or me and the wall, depending on the size of the booth and how many people we are dining out with.is is perfect!
my baby is 22.5 lbs and 2.5 feet tall, and it very comfortable, with room to spare.
love it!
that was a pleasant surprise!i just love it!
it will lean forward a great deal.
once you fold the arms up and tighten the arms it will slowly become flush with the table and be locked in.
we bought a fisherprice booster with a tray and love it!
we absolutely love this chair...especially for the price!
it's very sturdy and doesn't even budge when i lean on it.
we'll be leaving it in our trunk in the handy carry case it came in for trips to the grandparents, etc...
very very happy with our purchase!
i had a chair like this for my kids and decided for the price it was well worth it to purchase it for my grandchild.
the chair is easy to clean as well.
great invention-this chair!
for the price, it was a great buy.
while it still is a bit of a pita, it's gotten much easier to handle after much practice.
we take it with us to almost all restaurants and i'd say it will fit on 65% of the tables.
purchased them for our 11 month old twins, 18 pounds.
work nice but have had trouble fitting under table certain tables.
she's 5 months old, and sits pretty well, but not completely on her own.
this worked great.
it has a nice 5 point harness to snap the baby in.
it was easy to put together and easy to take apart for travel.
for the price, it was definitely worth the purchase.
i got this high chair after falling in love with our chicco 360 hook-on.
the chicco 360 has an $75 price tag so i was looking for something more affordable to take to restaurants so we didn't have to keep bringing the one from our kitchen table.
it fit our kitchen table and i didn't have any issues.
i will try it some more places and update my review.
in order to put the chair together, one has to loop the upper arms of the chair through the correct loop.
the loop is about 4" wide and has triple stitching with industrial thread.
the velcro exists only to keep the "chushy" part of the chair connected to the rest of the seat.
it's for comfort not function.
it's very easy to use.
simple to take apart for washing.
i love that i can take it off and slide it under the sofa or into my backpack when i need it for the road or out of sight for guests.
i don't tend to keep the chair in place for very long, but i have noticed that it's best to check the latch arm under the chair to make sure it's still secure before every 3rd use.i knew it wouldn't work at our dining room table because the table has a large apron.
i also don't suspect that this will work past his 3rd birthday.
that's a full year and a half away... so from a value stand-point this works great!
i bought this to use while camping with my toddler.
some have mentioned that it does not work with a table with a &#34;skirt&#34;.
the finishing on it clearly isn't perfect, you'll see a small amount of stuffing coming through the sewn edges, but that's no big deal.
also, i thought the bag it folds up into is a little bigger than it appears in the picture, but it still will fit nicely into a suitcase and fits in the little storage area above the spare tire in the floor of my car.
clips on easily and is sturdy.
perfect for islands as well.
i purchased mine for camping for a week and it worked great.
my son loved this, however, my husband failed to read the washing directions and put in the washing machine.
the hardest part is keeping this clean!
especially with a messy toddler.
my parents love that it doesn't take up much room, and they can still put one of their dining room chairs underneath it when not in use, so it doesn't take up any space.
very sturdy, great price.
i originally bought this for our rv.
it's super easy to attach and remove should you want to take it to a restaurant or friends house.
if your looking for an alternative to the big high chair, but you child is still to young for a booster seat, this is a great buy.
i wanted an easy to use travel seat.
that seat works very well and folds flat with ease.
i do babysit on a regular basis though and i love this high chair.
it's easy to store away and it's portable.
love it!
this was an affordable and practical purchase.
my daughter fits great in it, and it was easy to install.
messes are great to clean up as well
i'm a bit confused by some of the reviews stating this doesn't work for tables with skirts, because our table has a skirt that's 4-5" and the regalo hooks on over it just fine.
there are two adjustments made when installing the chair: press the buttons to release the hooks under the table, and there are pieces you can unscrew to loosen them as well.
it also worked great for when she and her big sister wanted to color or paint at the table.
my toddler got to be included, and that helped make meals and family time much nicer for us all.my daughter is now almost two years old, and we only recently moved her from this to a booster seat (one of those cheapy ones without a tray).
we definitely got our money's worth with the regalo.i highly recommend it!
the only cons that i've found:- it's a minor annoyance to clean the area close to the rubber grippers on top of the table.
the nylon material is very easy to keep clean, though.- if your toddler is a climber, once s/he is big enough, it is possible to pull arms out from the shoulder straps, and stand up on the chair.
so keep an eye on on your toddlers once they're old enough to start doing this, and make sure the straps are snug.
easy clean up and easy to clean under it.
i love the harness it keep my daughter in the chair and i know she is safely strapped in because she can be an escape artist.
this chair is fairly simple to attach and remove from a table.
easy to use, stable, sturdy, comfy and it made feeding time so much easier!
it was perfect.
easy to put together, easy to pack.
it latches onto the breakfast counter or table tightly and is nicely padded.
i can't believe it.i actually bought a traditional high chair and this one, to return the one that wouldn't work.
i read some reviews about not fitting thick tables but my counter is 2" so it works perfect and i've to say i don't see why it wouldn't work on a 3 or 4 inches one.
what a great deal this chair is!
i feel great knowing my baby is sitting in a clean chair, safely next to us and super happy.
we keep this in the car for all our trips, best deal out there!
my baby is pretty average size and the chair puts his face just at the ledge of the table.
he hasn't hit his face yet but it is probably going to happen.
i loved the idea of the kids being part of the dinner table.
easy to set up, sturdy and comfy for our 7 mo (19 lb).
on our table, we have to slide the chair in quite deep and somewhat centered so the locking arms don't bump up against some of the support of the table.
we have a small spot where it all locks in fine, and when it is in, it's great.
baby loves it because she is at the table with everyone.now, taking baby out to eat is a pleasure for all of us!
i think that this dining seat would be a terrific and useful  gift .
his back is very far from the back of the chair and he looked very uncomfortable.
we will probably use a shopping cart cover that fits on a restaurant high chair instead of this kind of seat.
i love that i can have a &#34;high chair&#34; in my house for my grand kids, without taking up much space.
great chair!
it sat attached to our island pretty much nonstop until recently when i've decided to move her to a regular chair...now it sits waiting for our 4-month-old to be big enough to use it.
we purchased this chair for eating out with my son.
i love the chair once its installed to the table.
attaching it to a table is a pain and not worth it most of the time.
we probably used it a handful of time in a year.
love this &#34;easy to set up chair.&#34;  it is easy to clean, and it's easy to remove!
i'd highly recommend this chair to all parents of little ones from 8 mos.
we got this for our nine month old son and he loves to feel like he's eating with the family.
does the job great and is easy to move around and clean.
this has been a great addition to our household.
affordable, unobtrusive, strong; it's just what we needed.
loved the vivid colors and the style and feel of the fabric.
perfect size for me.
it says that you can hand wash if you remove the bottom insert, but it feels like the top part of the stacker is a piece of corrugated cardboard sewn between two pieces of fabric.
mine came with two ties on the outer edges.4.
the front and back are equal lengths of fabric and both sides are designed to spread out from the top in an "a" shape.i'm going to keep this because it was cheap and the only white diaper stacker i could find.
i purchased the hula baby diaper stacker and it looks great.
super cute!
nice way to keep extras.
we still have some in top drawer of changing table as well.
this is great because you are not caught changing a dirty diaper and trying to open a pack of diapers.
i purchased this diaper stacker for our pending arrival.
the material is sturdy and easily hung along the side of our changing table.
this was a gift for my daughter and she loves it for keeping our new grandsons diapers.
worth the money.
it holds 3 rows of diapers if you tightly pack, otherwise two rows, essentially one giant box!
we were very happy and surprised with that!
we tied ours (two ties at the top) to a fabric-covered hanger, and it has worked beautifully.
the look of the stacker is cute, although the strings are somewhat of an eye sore and really stand out against the wall.
it fits perfectly on both, a bit better on the crib but works just as well with a standard play-yard.
its an essential part of keeping the toys off the floor in the living room and off the shelves in the nursery.
totally love it and i got one for my cousin as a present.
it's not clear but the simpler ones are actually a checkered pattern, i guess you can see it if you look closely.
i decided to return it and search for something smaller in which to place a few toys to keep her occupied during naptimes and in the mornings.
the only way to attach this toy bag is by the side ties/ribbon on either end of the bag (in the item photo, it's the ribbon part) - works well if you want to tie this to the railings of your crib.
all of the ones i found were not very pretty and looked  huge.
it hangs easily on the side of her crib and holds lots of toys.
i love it!
still need a hat during cold weather, but otherwise works for basic back and forth travel.
we bought this in anticipation of our christmas baby.
i think that it is a wonderful concept, which is why i give it 3 stars, but, overall, my personal experience with it was only a 1 star experience, if that.
i own the original bundle me and bought the new urban bundle me for my cousin's baby.
the nylon urban is also rain/water resistant.
i can't tell you which one will suit your needs more, just trying to help make your selection process more successful!!
whichever one you choose will definitely make your life sooo much easier!this is a link to the bundle me urban:jj cole urban bundleme ice
when picking items out for our twins we came across the bundle me it felt so warm and cozy inside almost like a big blanket!
so we reg for both a pink for our girl and blue for our son.
im so happy we did.
and now with winter right around the corner this will come in great!
this will keep them warm and out of the wind.
we have the graco infant carseats, the eddie bauer infant carseats and their grandparents also have graco seats.
some thoughtful friends sent us a bundle me when our son was born.
the bottom half stays in the car seat, making it warm and snuggly, and the top half zips on.
we left it zipped on all the time for convenience, and just varied the degree to which we zipped our son in depending on the temperature.
you can keep it zipped all the way for travel to the car, and easily unzip a bit for ventilation when riding in a warm vehicle.
the straps of our carseat fit through the holes perfectly.
also important- the bundle me washes quite well.
we got this for our son when he was 1 yr old, and it looks brand new, a year later.
our child is of average size, and he's got plenty of room in it, at age 2.
we live in a major city, so our stroller gets a lot of use.
this blanket is very durable, grows with your child, and keeps them warm and comfy in the coldest temperatures.
stays in place, and is easy to install/remove.
it is a nice product and definitely keeps my baby warm with the colder months coming up.
not absolutely perfect, but still defintely useful and more convenient than using a blanket to him him warm .
we also own the infant bundle me and it was perfect as well for both car seat and stroller.
now we got the toddler version and it's pretty long to be able to fit our son until he's much older (he's now 17 months) and keeps him nice and warm.
perfect!
it's warm, fits her jeep stroller perfectly, and eliminates the need for many cumbersome layers.
the bundleme is super comfy and my toddler seems to stay warm and happy when in it.
it's nice that it can easily attach to a stroller.
these have stood up very well in our dishwasher and hold all of our baby's bottles and parts.
holds the bottle stuff pretty well, but not everything always gets clean because of the way you have to put things in.
the bigger one holds quit a bit and i have 3 using sippies right now.
all baby bottle supplies fit fine with no issues.
while these baskets aren't perfect, they offer a lot of versitility.
most of the previous baskets i've encountered only fit standard sized bottle parts or parts from specific brands.the only feature i wish is contained was a better place to store the straws from the take and toss style cups.
i purchasd the combination of the valve basket, the toddler basket and the one with the compartments for the bottle nipples.
these are both still going strong after 3 1/2 years.
there is no wear and some days we even do 2 dishwasher loads per day - that is a lot of times that the hinges on these baskets are opened and closed!i use the nipple one for the sippy valves (in the top portion), breast pump accessory parts, plastic spoons, medicine vials and mini-tupperware pieces (such as condiment containers).
the large one i use for sippy lids and anything else.there are just so many uses for these two baskets, that was worth the price of all three, even though i don't use the valve one.
we use these for both medela breast pump parts and dr. brown's bottle parts.
works flawlessly in the top rack and fits a lot of pieces.
we can only use 1 out of the 3 of these baskets: the large basket.
the rest of our baby feeding equipment (bottles, rings, etc.)
stays put in the dishwasher.
also, for the price, i expected better quality plastic and latches.
it does not appear that it will last much longer with daily use.
i got these baskets to wash small parts for my dr. brown's baby bottles and breast pump parts.
overall great buy!
this basket combo will grow with your child as their feeding needs change.the first basket holds nipples, pacifiers, and all those small bottle pieces.
you could easily place other things in here.the valve basket is great for toddler sippy cups parts.
smaller 4oz bottles, sipply cups+lids, plastic eating utensils and straws(these used to also fly around my dishwasher cause they're so light).
and i love mine.
i think they're perfect.
these nipples do not fit well in the nipple compartment of this dishwasher basket.
it works great for washing teethers and baby spoons.
the deep basket easily holds a few of our 4-6 ounce bottles, keeping them in place and upright.
i love washing pacifiers in the bottom section of the two-part basket.
love them.
i bought these to replace a large basket that i lost when we were moving.
the quality of these isn't great, but the price is pretty good.
i got this for the little one and use it for sippy cup inserts (i use playtex and they come with small plastic inserts) works well
these baskets are great for misc items that we have for our newborn son.
we use for his pacifiers and bottle and pumping accessories.
these baskets are perfect for this.
[...]i was laying the nipples in the basket incorrectly and now that i see how to do it, i think i'll be able to fit more in there.the big basket works great for bottles, tops, pacifiers, small toys, etc.
the valve basket is great for those small valves in sippy cups.
the medium basket isn't intuitive at all with the nipple placement.
i think its great, my friend had one for her son about 10 years ago, and he loved it.
i found that you cant attatch it to the ceiling, the top is like a "claw" and it sort of grabs the molding above a door frame, so its easy to put on and move, if neccessary.
its very easy to spot clean the seat, and very easy to adjust the hieght settings.
as to whether you can fit two in a fairly large doorway, (mine is 8-10 ft!
), the answer is yes, and safely!
i hope this helps everyone!
she was a ball of energy right from the beginning, and didn't want to lay on her playmat for more than a few minutes, but she loved bouncing in her jumper.
it was wonderful for keeping her entertained when visiting friends or relatives.a couple of tips: it works best in a wide doorway.
also, read the directions for adjusting the height.
i don't know who is having more fun...our baby bouncing around in it, or my husband and me watching him.
wow, we received this as a shower gift and never dreamed how much our baby would love it.
his legs are strong and he is starting to learn to use his legs to stand up and walk.
our son enjoys being in this jumper because he loves to bounce.
i like it because he's very mobile and it keeps him out from under foot while i'm working in the kitchen, etc.
now that our son is bigger (10 mos.)
the strap does slip as he jumps because he's more vigorous in his actions.
my son absolutely loves jumping in the jumpster!
i find it to be safe, though you'll need to make sure your baby holds onto the handles.i wish the straps could be further adjusted.
this is worth it.
i haven't seen a baby who didn't love this.
this will buy you enough time to take a shower (hang it in the doorway so you can supervise) or dinner with your family.
alternate this with an exersaucer for a nice change of pace.
i love this jumper!
both of my kids got a lot of use out of it, enjoyed it immensely, but also got there fingers slammed on more than one occassion between the large, hard tray and the door jam.
we installed it in a typical-sized doorframe and it was not large enough.
my son is now 6 mos.
the door jumper provides calm, fun exersize for our little one who seems to really love it.
this device provided hours upon hours of entertainment for our daughter!
we highly recommend it!
this jumper is very very nice.
i keep his favorite blankets around him and he loves it.
even though it is easy to move, it is very stable.
it will not fall and it can withstand even my 2 1/2 year old standing on the seat and "swinging".
it is actually very easy to adjust (my friends daughter is 4 1/2 months and a big girl).
my son loves to be in this and it was the perfect solution to my problem.
i am also happy that when he does get an exersaucer, we will be able to "rotate" him from jumper to saucer.
we've had our jumper now for 3 years.
i just put her in it and she started jumping before she was even in it because of her excitement!
the first, it strengthens your child's legs because of the constant jumping.
second, it teaches them balance.
my daughter just stood up and lifted her hands up as if in celebration of getting to play in one of her favorite toys.
after a couple of small pinches they learned where to keep their fingers and after that they didn't pinch their fingers.
when we put our baby in it at 4 months, though, i realized it does not offer enough support for a small baby.
it is easy to move (the jju is very tough to relocate) yet doesn't come open so easily that i can see it happening accidentally.
terrified infact.
i am so happy i did.
it really does seem very well constructed and my son loves it!
he is so very funny in it.
however, we switched to dr. brown's when our son began suffering from gas and nipple confusion, since i am nursing.
we can't express how much we love the dr. brown's bottles.
our son's gas immediately disappeared and he no longer suffered from nipple confusion.
dr. brown's bottles are the best bottles on the market!
it has always felt extremely sturdy.
they are easily to hold (thanks to the curve) and i really like the wide mouth of the bottles which make them easy to clean....and you are pretty sure they are clean!
made my life easy.all in all i think they were a great buy and worth it.
i soon switched to playtex nursers and she is great with them.
i always found myself buying a few more of these.
i also use these for storage from time to time w/ the addition of a sealing disc.
i chose these bottles admittedly because it's a well known brand.
but that will be individual to each child.
we also love that we can turn these into baby food jars later on.we have now used this set on our second child and we still love them.
if you plan on using avent, bring some bottles with you to the hospital and instruct the nurses to check with you before bottle feeding your baby.
this is an excellent gift for anyone who's expecting.
a friend of mine registered for this for her shower and was very happy to receive it.
it comes with pretty much everything a new mom needs and these avent supplies are great quality.
the bottles seal tightly and all that.
my baby has developed feeding issues including a unique mixture of colic and reflux that had made feeding times a nightmare for everyone in our house.we started out using the playtex drop-ins system and that worked fine for us until we were about 1.5 months old.
baby eats in an appropriate amount of time now, there are only the standard parts on any bottle to clean and manage, baby tolerates the nipple and flow well (we use both level 1 and 2 nipples).
also, our baby was addicted to the soothie pacifiers at the hospital.
but she is accepting the avent pacifiers included with this newborn starter set.my advice to parents looking for bottles to help with/solve feeding issues-buy the smallest number possible and give it 5 days.
good luck!
i'm glad customers have a chance to review these items.
so i feel it just as important for me to review this item as well and let you know what i thought about it....this bottle is perfect for my newborn!
it's very true that the shape of the bottle nipple is very close to a women's breast.
i am both breast feeding and bottle feeding.
also, the 4oz bottle size is perfect for newborns - not too big and not too small.
and they leak, even if you follow the directions.
keep it simple, stupids.update:  i sent the bottles to avent.
i love the look and feel of avent bottles but my son has a small mouth and was unable to get a good suction on this nipple.
i have been a loyal avent customer since the birth of my now 2 1/2 year old son, and i have always recommended their  products to anybody i know (and even some strangers i see shopping).
i absolutely loved all of the products, despite their higher cost and more involved assembly procedures.
my children, 2 1/2 and 11 months, both love (and loved) these bottles.
whenever we go to feed her, the cup leaks profusely from the neck of the cup, below the base of the top piece, and often leaves her so wet that we have to change her clothes, occasionally three to four times a day.
we have tried reconnecting the lid (sometimes up to ten times) and often, it still leaks.
the tiny lip on the nipple does not count as breakthrough technology in preventing the baby from swallowing air.
i recommend dr. brown's bottles.
they cost more, but they're worth it.
also, the brush included does not fit into the nipple to clean it completely.
our son hates to two pacifiers included in the kit.overall, i'd say, just buy some avent bottles and a separate bottle brush that has a small end.
other than that, these are great!update: i guess i jumped the gun on this review.
if you do not tighten the ring perfectly, it will leak all over your hand and baby.
we have the avent bottle warmer (which is also great) and the bottles are so easy to warm so you're not trying to hurry while your baby screams of hunger.
you avent users might like the wide neck dr browns also b/c they are easy to clean and pour milk into like the avents, there are more parts but so worth it to releive colic.
these bottles look so nice and are so durable but they only offer one kind of nipple and are not compatible with any other system, so if you child doesn't like thier nipple, you're heavily invested in a huge set that is useless.
it is easy to mix the formula.
an all-around practical bottle.
give the bottles another chance.
i love them!
these bottles by far our both my son and daughers fav.
my babie took to these bottles right away.
but ever since day one both of the children took wonderfuly to the bottle.
but it works!
my children both take the avent took very well.
the avent brand is actualy the one brand my daughter will take.
all around this is a great buy for a new mommy and daddy!
however, my son thus far seems to prefer the ventaire.
the nipple is soft on her gums and it acts exactly like a real breast nipple acts.my advise to new or expectant parents is ... don't buy a lot of any one bottle until you are sure that your baby is going to latch on well!
i used the playtex bottles w/ the disposable liner and it made my life much easier.
in the playtex starter pack, there are also nipples of different sizes and shapes so your baby can decide whe one she likes.
we really like them and think that they are great!
they have leaked once but as my husband pointed out, as with any o ring if there isn't some moisture to lubricate it when fitting the two pieces together it will leak.
also with heating it up without removing the ring it allows for pressure to build up around the o ring and therefore cause leakage that way.
i am happy with them and will continue using them.
we also love the avent steam sterilizer, what bliss!
well worth the $70!
we've been using these bottles since our son was 1 week old, and they work great.
when using these bottles with my newborn, stage 1 flow was very fast for her.
i switched to platex ventaire and we both loved them.
those bottles are a hundred times better.
the bottles must be assembled the right way to ensure no leaking.
good luck!
it has always felt extremely sturdy.
they are easily to hold (thanks to the curve) and i really like the wide mouth of the bottles which make them easy to clean....and you are pretty sure they are clean!
this set comes with a pacifier, 4 9oz feeding bottles, 4 slow flow (number 2) nipples, 4 sealing disks, and 4 nipple travel packs (great for storage).
it has 4 9oz bottles, slow flow (number 2) nipples, 4 sealing disks, 4 travel nipple bases, and a newborn pacifier.this, combined with a 3pk of 4oz bottles makes a a great start to infant feeding.
isaiah is 3 mo's old and he has used stage 2 nipples from birth.
we believe it is because playtex's venting allows him to suck without encountering increasing resistance and needing to break his seal for the bottle to backfill with air.
i used these bottles for expressed breast milk to give my husband a chance to feed our baby.
i have been very happy with the avent naturally re-usable bottles.
they really are wonderful.
i ended up switching to the dr. brown's bottles at the advice of my mother-in-law.
i must recommend the tri-flow!
dr  brown' s is excellent for colicky  babies but  it leaks horribly.
my  son enjoys the 4oz one  and has been the  first bottle (we tried 4 different brands) to  hold.
we added the handles from the training  sippy  cup when he was 2 months  and 1/2 and he  enjoyed grabbing  them a lot and experiencing self-feeding with our  help.
i love that the sealing  disks are excellent and, in general, they  have all the range of accessories one  needs to make the most of this bottle.the nipples are very durable as well.
i have seen reviews that complained about nipple size, but avent makes nipples in a numebr of different "flows".
the newborn nipple is for newborns and you gradually progress as your child grows.
i found that my daughter was able to both breastfeed and drink from her avent bottles with no problems at all.
it takes forever to warm the milk which make baby really frustrated !!!
yes, these bottles do leak if not put together properly and did cause one of my twins some gas but out of all the bottles i tied (and i tried alot) the flow of the stage 1 nipple suited both my children perfectly.
so the benefits greatly outweighed the few flaws this bottle has.
might not work for you but thats how i deal with it.
april 26, 2011just want to add, i still love this cups.
it works!
my son loves it better with the bendable straw, make it more comfy for him to drink.
he loves it, until i notice the bitting issues and to fix it, i cut the straw part that's ripped.
went home and tried it..... voila.... my son loooves them!
and i love the fact i have many of them that i can fill each cup with different beverage.
luckily, ours does.
most of them have survived years of top-rack dishwashings.
the cap snaps on tightly and the straw forms a pretty snug seal with the hole in the cap.
and-- hurrah!
it's one step closer to moving my son to using regular cups.
i do hand wash mine even though they state top-rack dishwasher safe and i believe that helps them last a little longer.
my sons are at the age where we are transitioning them from sippy cups to regular cups and these are perfect for that in-between stage.these are also labeled plastic type 5 which is polypropylene which is considered safe and does not leach bpa (bisphenol-a) into foods and beverages like some plastics can.
if you are refilling and take the top off with the straw still in and then replace, liquid will come shooting out the straw.
when my son started drinking liquids, he just didn't understand sippy cups.
he figured these out right away.
fast forward 2 years, we are still using some of the original cups.
love these cups - we have them in the sippy type and also straw.
easy to wash and care for, and if by chance i need to ditch one while we're out and about, it's not a big deal.
we hand wash our dishes and i use a straw cleaner to clean out the inside of the straws.for the most part, these hardly leak at all.
busted these out at my lo's b-day party and my friend loved them and got some for herself!
a regular straw will work but sometimes you need to fold it to place it in the hole.
good for kids.
the colors are very vibrant with matching tops and straws.the only suggestion i have is insert the straw after you have placed liquid inside and capped it.
otherwise the liquid will squirt right out.the cups wash up really well in the dishwasher.
my daughter can drop it and as long as it does not land on the top side it rarely leaks.
colors are nice.
lol only cups my son will drink out of for his milk.
these spoons and forks are the perfect size for small hands.
the shaped handle helps toddlers learn how to grip the spoon/fork and the bowl is big enough to hold food without being to big for small mouths.
my twin toddlers love spoons and forks.
they aren't agile enough to use them to eat with just yet, but if they get their hands on a fork and remove it from the table, it becomes an instant toy.
love these.
easy learning how to use silverware with these!
my nephew is 2 years old and these are easy to buy, and use a few times and throw out
my daughter just turned one, and needed forks.
the utensils are great.
i definitely recommend!!!
my son likes these because they're shorter than the other spoons we had.
we love these spoons!
they are a great toddler size you can actually get a few cheerios on this spoon unlike the teeny baby spoons, yet small enough to fit a toddler mouth.
&#34;take and toss&#34; sums it up perfectly -- these are perfect for toddlers who are more interested in tool use than actually eating, and more to the point, toddlers who count &#34;spear throwing&#34; as &#34;tool use&#34;!pros* bumpy, squeezy handles make for easy gripping* fun, mix-and-match colors* good valuecons* for actually coming into contact with food, the softish plastic concerns me somewhat.
i will not be giving these to my toddler to use with warm foods or even for regular meals.
i also wish you could buy forks without spoons.
these are wonderful for diaper bag and at home.
and wash well in the dishwasher.
our 2 month old loves this bouncer!
so i got this bouncer, and the first time i put her in it, i turned on the vibration and the back massage, and she fell asleep immediately!the things i love about it are:1) the vibration doesn't turn off--it stays on until you turn it off.2) the back massage is a really nice feature--it is very gentle, i put my hands on it to see what it felt like.
my baby loves having her back patted, so this soothes her instantly.3) it has a handle on the top, so if your baby falls asleep in it (which will happen!
and when the toys are hanging from the velcro tabs, she just loves batting at them!i only have a couple very minor gripes:1) i wish the toys hung down in front of her face.
this bouncy chair is cute and well made but my son doesn't like it.
all in all i love this bouncer.
so does my son.
it is perfect!!
i love that my baby can sleep away in it.
love the music and massage with vibration.
my daughter just love it.
!absolutely recommend it.
this is a great bouncy seat.
my daughter loves it and it puts her to sleep almost every time.
my daughter loved this chair!
she would sleep in it the first 3 months (it helped keep her upright).
it was just a great chair.
this bouncy seat has worked well for us.
i like to snug, enclosed feel that the canopy provides, as well as the 4 locations where toys can be attached.
one note of caution is that the wire frame legs extend out a bit from the seat itself.
this makes the seat very stable, but also makes it easy to hit your toes on it.
all-in-all, we love this bouncy seat.
this bouncer is so great!
we have 4 girls ages 6 and under.
i'll stick essie in this bouncer, hang some colorful toys from the velcro straps, turn on the vibration and she is good to go!
the angle of the seat is perfect, reclined enough for a newborn but not so far back that older babies make it sink to the floor.
actually, thank goodness for my mom, who bought this for us.
my 3 month old son does not like the papasan at all, but loves the massage bouncer.
it's nice that the music, vibrator, and massage feature all have separate controls - so you can have one or all on at the same time.
it also has a reset button to start the massage and music back up after the auto shutoff.
she also loves the music.
i was able to make him nice and cozy with a blanket and with the vibration and back massage, he often fell asleep.
also, we use it in the bathroom to hold him sleep or awake while my husband or i take a shower.
also, they are on the frame and my son still hasn't really paid them any attention.
i put my son in it and immediately he started smiling, babbling and really enjoyed playing in it.
the chair is nice and nicely made, but my son did not like it at all.
excellent for keeping an eye on a new baby while in the shower.
it also has the perfect setting of vibration and the music it plays is just beautiful, not like cheesy, cartoony lullaby music.
it's a vibrating chair... there isn't anything in front of her to catch her eye.
if she kicks her legs, they hit the metal frame that supports the seat.
so soft, our baby just loves it!
it is beautiful, soft and looks unbelievably comfortable.
they work lovely to sooth newborns and even has a soft blanket and toy.
we love this chair.
it is so comfy and cushy and the built-in blanket is great.
our 3 week old son loves this chair!
the cover is easily removed for washing which is helpful.
i just put on the vibration feature and she wisks off to dream land... or is pleasantly entertained while i am walking around (with child free hands).being able to put her down every once in a while is wonderful since she seems to have an issue with gas and possible reflux.
this chair works great because it elevates her to a position where she is totally comfortable and able to sleep.
i got this as a registry gift (and added it from a recommendation from a friend), and i am so happy we have it.
we also added the natures touch cradle swing to our registry.
it's big, but you can still move it around.
this seat looked so comfy and sweet that i registered for it.
honestly, it does pretty much all that it says it does but it really isn't worth the price.
the angle of the seat also isn't great.
we rarely use this seat and when we do it is always for a very short time.
check out the swing in this line, though, that is worth every penny!
my baby loved this bouncy seat for about 4 weeks.
very comfy, the attached blanket is nice and soft.
it just cradles her perfectly!!
her son didn't like it.
my baby has loved to nap in this seat ever since we came back from hospital.
she is very comfortable in it and the fabric is soft and cozy.
this papasan chair has been a great item!!
i can travel with it because it folds up and is light!!!
it is very cozy for her and i wish i had one!!!!!!!
my son loved this seat as a newborn.
it was comfy and warm for him.
it was great while it lasted.
our son slept in the papasan for the first 2 months.
i bought this seat when our daughter was around 2 1/2 months old because i though &quot;how cool a papasan for the baby that vibrates like her bouncy seat&quot;.
i bought it based on it looking cozy but it is not enough for my son.
she has a perfectly good ocean wonders bouncer that she loves but something told me to get this one and i'm glad i did.she has a few minor breathing problems and sleeps better on her boppy or in the bouncer or swing.
my son just doesn't like it.
thank goodness my mom also bought us the fisher price soothing massage bouncer.
she won't even stay in her crib without screaming.
she happily takes her naps in it.
but-the music it plays is great...i'd recommend getting the papsan swing.....stimulating and relaxing!
once she started moving i took her out of the chair and she was used to her bed and room.
it was great and it made her feel snug and secure.
i borrowed my first one from a friend so i'll def.
this was the best chair for my son.......((((it was his bed for the 1st 3 months!!!!
!wonderful ....a musthave!sandra
this seat is a very comfortable seat for babies, especially newborns.
my son loves it so much.
i will admit that it is better for younger, smaller children - but by the time my children outgrow this bouncer they move to a swing anyway.
you can also stick a more stimulating stuffed toy on the same velcro patch - for example a black and red toy.
one loves to sleep in it.
the attatched blanket(removeable) it great for tucking them in.
soothing for both of us.
thinking about the swing now...it must be as great as this papsan, right?
there are also delightful little fish swimming on the sides of this device.
the only nice, safe feature is the lights.
my son hates this swing.
this is a great swing to have if you plan on traveling to visit family or vacation.
if you are going to use this swing, make sure you are within eye sight of your baby, don't take any chances and leave baby for any length of time because his/her head can get caught in the side, even with the net there.
our daughter, esther, is 3 months old and on the large end of the scale.
she is also fairly strong with decent head control  for a baby her age (but far from sitting up).
in fact, you can see by the way the mesh is at the sides of the seat that it is impossible to recline - the angle is fixed.
my son likes to watch the light show but he can't watch it when he is swinging and also the swing swings a little faster when they are small.
the music is soothing but i wish it played longer than it does.
now she delights in the lights, toys, and music.
our daughter loved this swing.
my husband and i both fell in love with this swing the first time we saw it and thought it was such a great idea!
i was a nanny for about a year before we had our baby and i also worked with children at a daycare on a part time basis for several years.
the children at the daycare loved the swing and so does my daughter!
and it is worth the extra trouble for the amount of time that you get free while baby is entertained!
my daughter loved this swing since day one.
i love it because it small and i can keep it in the kitchen.
the music is pretty and she loves to pull at the hanging toys.
our baby is 2 months and she talks and smiles at the orange fish.
i love that it folds down and can go with us.
good luck!
bought this for our pura kiki stainless bottles as the other avent sippy spout we have fits, as well as the born free sippy spout.
can't really review the usefulness of the spout in that we use pura kiki stainless sillies exclusively.
i use these to use with pura stainless steel baby bottles.
you have to be careful not to misplace the small piece that goes under the spout and makes it spill proof, though.
this works with our avent bottles.
they will fit, but with quite a bit of coercion.
my 18 month old loves these "big boy" spouts, and i love them since they don't spill!!
i bought these for my son's kleen kanteens.
but, these work perfectly fine and if you need need new spouts, these would work great, too=)
i bought these to use with my kleen kanteen's - and although they do fit they leak like crazy.
i bought avent bottles because of their ability to be used as sippy cups.
works well with our pura kiki bottles.
we live in the north east, so it is a life saver.
it is ok, but not as warm and cozy in a cold winter day.
at this point i am assured that my baby is warm and cozy.
this item is great!
it is so soft and warm.
the bundle me is best!
and the pink is soooo cute for my baby girl!
i own the original bundle me and bought the new urban bundle me for my cousin's baby.
the nylon urban is also rain/water resistant.
i can't tell you which one will suit your needs more, just trying to help make your selection process more successful!!
whichever one you choose will definitely make your life sooo much easier!this is a link to the bundle me urban:jj cole urban bundleme ice
i have two of this type item; this exact one and one that has elastic that covers the top.
i do wish it was able to cover her heard without just laying it on top of her face though... that's where the elastic slip-ons are better, but with those i found they interfered with the canopy on the carrier...
otherwise, i think this item is fantastic - pretty color, very soft, easy to install, remove and clean....
it allows baby to stay warm when needed and unzips easily when he/she does not without disturbing him/her.
we just bought this travel swing-because the baby will spend sometime with us we thought we could use a small swing, not some big swing (like you could travel with that!)
like anything makes a baby happy!
that basicually what we need and we got huggies gift pack for our house!
i hope you read the manual!
best swing and play yard!!
;) we love them so far!
the best thing about the travel yard and travel swing is perfect for us!
specially in the first few years!
but this is a great buy!
we got these cheaper at toy r us!!
we also bought the link-a-doos at target for 12 dollars...good luck!
i love this swing.
my friend let me borrow her link a doo swing and my daughter loved it.
she liked to bat at the toys and look at herself in the mirror.
the music was a plus as well.
i also like that it is portable and has an open top like the jack and jill version.
(that one doesn't have music though)  the motor on this swing works great.
my husband bumped our daughters head on that a few times.
our 7 week old son loves his big swing, so we bought the link-a-doos travel swing for trips.
at only 7 weeks, our son can still enjoy this swing despite the lack of support in the seat.
it does not stay positioned very well and tends to swing into my son's face.
we tend not to use it--which is okay for my son b/c he simply likes to swing--but for those of you looking to entertain your children with this, you may want to check out the store model before purchasing.
out of all the swings i like this one the most because it has little toys that attach to the sides and a mirror to look at you can even buy more links and linkadoo toys and change out the toys that it came with.
it is soo interchangeable with other fisher price toys.
our daughter, now 7 weeks old, has yet to warm up to this swing.
our daughter just doesn't like it.
the motor isn't particularly powerful, the music isn't very soothing, and i don't think she feels secure being so close to the floor.
easy to fold and use.
i take to my son's daycare so that he can use his own swing and i can take it home with us.
it is sturdy and very soft.
i like that it's small and doesn't take up much room in our small apartment.but my baby has never been that impressed with it.
it's a great swing...but my daughter scream when i sit her in there.maybe when she's bigger...(hopefully)
this is a great swing, it is very portable and light, it stores away nicely, and my daughter loves it.
it has several speeds and the music lowers.
if space is an issue...this is a great choice.
she has reflux and needed to be upright, but didnt sleep well in her infant seat.
it has a very colorful pattern and two toys that hang from the sides, that my son finds very entertaining.
it's great that the toys are removable, we take them off and take them places with us.
i love the fact that it has so many different speeds.
the padding is simple to take off and washes very nicely.
it is also the only place he will take a nap.
i love this swing it has saved my life!
we have gotten our moneys worth out of this swing!!
in addition to those swings.
my friend bought me 2 of the linkadoos take alongs.
right after the twins were born we were in the process of moving into our new home but were not spending nights their till 2 weeks after the babies were born.
so the first 2 weeks we spent moving in and getting everything in place.
these swings came in so handy.
now that we are in our house we still use the swings.
i actualy used these swings a lot outside this summer.
my husband has also taken both of the children down to work with him while hes doing his paper work at the police station and put them in the swings, they love it!
with him being a cop sometimes they dont get to see their daddy so he takes any spare mins he can get with them.
we love our other swings also, but they arent as mobile as these are.
we have 2 labs in the house and yes we do use caution when our children are in the swings, all of the swings.
i think its because of the bright colors on the toys.
easy to fly with!
we have used these swings for almost 6 months now and they kids still love them!
my son was born weighing about 5.5 pounds so we put a neck supports in the swing he seemed to love it lulled him to sleep and the swing is easy to store.
it plays music and has a volume switch, which is nice.my son loves the swat at the toys and grab them.we live in a small house, and this swing takes up a third of the space that the big swing we have took.
my favorite aspect of this swing is that i take it to the gym and put my son in it while i run on the treadmill for an hour.
it's very very portable.
it also still swings him very well at any of it's 6 speeds and he's 15 pounds.
this toy was a great buy.
i absolutely love it though.
my house if overcrowded with baby stuff since i have twins and a toddler and teh fact that i can fold this up when not in use is great.
one twin hates the music and teh other loves it and i love that i can turn the music on or off depending on who is in the swing.
thank goodness i always held on to her.
he loved that he was able to sit and splash in his new tub seat.
one holds him while the other worked his legs into the seat.
you'll instantly realize that a chair such as this is *not* the best way to bath a child.
my husband was a bit worried at first, but is surprisingly impressed with the sturdy design, and also was happy to see that there were no sharp edges that could hurt the boys.
the seat is very secure, and my one-year daughter fits into it nicely.
also, she spends all of her time hanging over the side of the seat.it is sturdy, fairly easy to clean, and secure.
the seat does not swivel easily!
also-i took mine back because my son kept getting his arm stuck between the seat and the arm that hooks over my tub!
all in all-not a good design at all.
this seat has made bathing my 5 month old so much more enjoyable.
now, i am using it for my son.
i love it and am continueing to use it and have used it for about 2 years
we have two babies- 11 months old and 22 months old.
our 11 month old weighs 25 pounds and our 22 month old weighs 23 lbs.
i love that it attaches to the outside of the tub to keep it from moving around.
he sits inside a ring that holds him (up to what age, still remains to be seen), has room for his legs to stick out, while it gives us room to clean his head and back, and we can rotate the ring with him inside as needed.so far, he's loving it (i guess, the fact that it allows him to sit in water helps) as he can splash and play with his bath toys, while we can get him clean for his nightsleep.
)otherwise, highly recommendable.
enjoyable for the baby, comfortable on the parents!
:)
i like this seat because my eight month old still like to dive sideways into the side of the tub.
the seat is convenient to keep my son safe and he likes to hold the seat and rock back and forth.
the seat fits in the tub just fine.
he is eight months old which doesn't make it easy to bend his legs to get them through the small leg space.
i am sure this if for safety, but i see it as a drawback because of how uncomfortable my son must feel getting in and out.
this seat does the job and you will not need it long.
my son is 10 months old and we just recieved this item as a gift from a friend.
my son weighs 16 lbs and has plenty of room to grow in this seat!
i love it!!
i am so happy that i purchased the safety first tub seat!
when my daughter outgrew her infant tub, i was searching for something to keep her stable in our full sized tub.
this is perfect to our little guys.
the option to remove the elbow cushion is nice even though we use it.6.
my son loved the shower aspect of the tub and bathing him was a pleasure.
since the new/extra shower piece costs just as much as the tub, we bypassed purchasing a new one and just use the tub as we would a regular infant tub.
the tub is small to begin with and having the shower pump/spray inside the tub all the more makes it small.
i love the idea of it but the shower part broke right from the beginning.
my girlfriend said she and her husband have taken it apart and tried everything to improve upon the shower, but they have had little success with it too.perhaps if they improve upon the actual tub design, or make a better "shower" we could have the best of both worlds.
this is a very good tub for smaller babies.
he is a lot happier that way because he is warmer.
i found that when the shower motor stops just open t and blow in the end where it sucks in the water.
it's roomy, easy to clean and it has a convenient handle which doubles as a hanging hook.
the sling fits nicely into the tub, but it doesn't leave a bigger baby much leg room.
the stream of water is a fine mist which may be good for a newborn's delicate skin, but there's no way to adjust it to a faster flow for a quick rinse or to wash suds out of baby's hair.
it's also not very easy to hold since you have to press a button which is directly above the stream of water.
i wish they sold the tub separately because it's perfect by itself.
the shower feature works fine, and my baby, who hates baths, settles right down when i spray her all over with the gentle spray.
also, the hammock has torn, even though our baby is well within the weight limit.
out of 3 that we bought, this is the most comfortable one.it's adjustable.
stors easy and it has a shower!our daughter loves in it.
the water level is great.
it was great for all stages.
it was a pain changing the batteries but we were successful, and then shortly after, while using it we heard a funny noise and it stopped working, we tryed new batteries, but that didn't work.
we loved this tub and found that when she was a new born/infant the positioning of the sling was great and worked well.
the shower portion of it stopped working after the second use.
this tub wasnn't convenient at all for my preemie.
the shower was great with the newborn and i was able to wash him in no time.
this tub us cheaper at buybuy baby, so definitely check it out there first before ordering it on here.
as a first time mom giving her first baths it was very easy with the little sling.
this tub was great initially.
the sling worked wonderfully, except it did not fit in our kitchen sink.
it does not transition well.
i loved the fact (and still do) that it has a spray.
so we will see how it works for us in the future.
also, like other reviewers stated, the sling doesn't fit in my sink like they suggest.
also, i am sure it is safe, but i am weary of mixing batteries & water near my baby.the tub:my baby is 2mths old and needs to use the sling that comes with the tub.
the tub itself is a nice size and comes with the sling which helps a lot.
i never even tried the shower because i switched to another tub which i am very happy with.
i use this item every day (and sometimes multiple times a day)!
let me explain why i think this simple piece of plastic is worth the $13... even if you have a dishwasher and even if you use avent bottles (or platex, or second nature, etc.):1.
it is simple to use.
well, if your dishwasher is like mine then you often find food particles still caught on dishes or utensils.
we started with platex nursers of both 4oz and 8oz size... then tried avent 6oz... after that didn't work... we tried second nature 4oz and 9oz bottles.
(my son is breastfed and as it turned out prefered the nipple style of the second nature bottles -- more like nursing.)
[wink])anyway, i hope this helps people.
:)
this works great, and i like how you can remove the pegs to customize it.
the only advice is you need to put in the nipples on the lower hook/racks before putting the bottles to maximize the space and fit the most number of bottles possible (caps come in last).
what a wonderful idea!!
it works quickly and it's so easy to use.
i appreciate that the sterilizer doesnt take up much cupboard space and holds alot of bottles, nipples,pacifiers, etc.
this is definitely one of our favorite purchases!
it doesn't hold many bottles, especially since i use the dr. browns bottles.
i am very happy with this item.
i've just finished preparing all my bottles for my soon-to-be bundle of joy, and this sterilizer was terrific.
you can fit many parts, nipples and pacifiers in at once.
it is easy to use and gets the job done quickly.be careful taking it out of the microwave though.
for those with a dishwasher, stick with the dishwasher.
in my opinion, this is one of the best baby gates on the market.
these are the only gates that my 3.5 year old son can't get out of.
this is the only gate that can keep him in there and safe!
we also have this mounted at the top of the stairs and its very sturdy.
the gate swings nicely and there is an audible snap, so you know the handle has locked the gate into position.
i also love the clear plates.
you can see right through and see what your child is doing.
its unobtrusive and just an attractive gate.
its also very reasonably priced compared to those other metal looking gates.
this is just a fantastic overall gate.
we purchased this gate for the top of the stairs.
we live in a townhouse and have an unusal stairwell i suppose.
installing this gate was a great pain!
also, we have molding and while the gate does come with extenders to work around/over the molding, it didnt work for us.
luckily i am never out of view of her upstairs nor not upstairs with her (small townhouse!)
and only purchased it for the safety of knowing she wont lose her balance at the top of the stairs.
hopefully it is only that i live in an oddly shaped home and it works great for most other folks.note: it does take a lot of measuring up and making sure that every point matches up perfectly or the gate will not operate properly or smoothly.
i do however, like the top lift bar to open the gate and it is easy to unlock and lock back into place with two button ontop the lift bar handle.
i had the gate handle in open position and swung out.
the gate must have swung back towards his room door but with gate handle still up.
it is blocking off my son's nursery doorway.the clear panel gets kinda gross from hand grease i guess since my son's always putting his hands in his mouth.
he pats his hands on it often and still stays in place so far.
i installed it so that his real door can still close when not in use.
when not in use, i just keep the gate open and close the door.
my toddler loves peering at us while we are in the kitchen through the clear window.
best yet, it is tough- it has survived hundreds/thousands of openings and a 7 year old jumping over it and banging into it at least 20 times.
i bought 2 of these and am very happy with them.
that one stays up most of the time and is not moved often.
it swings like a door and locks into place when closed.
that one is opened and closed all the time.
it fits, it's adjustable, easy to install, easy to use, and my baby can see me in the kitchen through it.
i love this gate!
we use ours w/the pressure and it even stays in place with the door closed!
it's very easy to use and durable.
i definitely recommend this gate!
this one is the best i've tried.
this one has enough travel in the lock mechanism that you can position it one handed with ease.
the operation is smooth and easy.
overall though, a great gate.
there are not many which hinge at the very edge, thus giving you a full with useable doorway, and this is the best i've found.
this is a great baby gate and works perfect for what we need.
item arrived fast and in perfect condition.
this gate is perfect for the top of our stairs.
the gate is screwed into our bannister on one side.
), i've decided the design flaws in this gate are severe enough to note in an online review.first, i must note that the hardware-mounted gate was open when the fall occurred.
in other words, they're frequently out of whack and must be fixed by an adult before the gate will latch at all.
frankly, having the top and bottom tension rods at different extensions to compensate for the baseboard width is a real pain - it's always been a bit crooked and out of true, and usually either top or bottom is maladjusted and will swing through.
- but moving the bottom socket and extension up about 2 inches would be a major help.
we installed the gate at the top of the stairs using the hardware method, not the pressure method.
my only reservation about the opening/closing mechanism is that my 5 and 6 year olds haven't managed to learn to open it yet.
that means i'm having to open and close the gate for them all day long since their rooms are downstairs.
however, if you have a toddler you're using the gate for, that's good news, right?
oh well.
most importantly, it's very easy for me to open and close without force or injury, which i can't say about very many other gates i've seen or owned.
i selected this one because it had good reviews, no bar across the bottom of the opening that can be a tripping hazard, and we were familiar with the style, as there is one at our son's day care that is very similar.we installed this gate at the top of our railing - with a hardware mounted install and a newel mounting kit - and so far, are happy with it.
though not as flawlessly easy to use as a metal gate, the open/close mechanism is not very difficult to operate and seems very secure.
i am sure the panel could be easily cleaned.overall, i am very happy with this gate and would recommend it to anyone worried about the "trip hazard" of a metal gate at the top of stairs.
i also highly recommend a newel mounting kit for anyone with non-square newels which allows this (or any other hardware mounted gate) to be easily installed.
we have it at the top of the stairs, and it is stable, and very easy to use.
one part that we love is that it can be removed very quickly and easily, so if we want it out of the way we can quickly do that.
we've used them both pressure mounted and installed as a swinging gate.
i keep the plastic clean the same way i clean my mirrors, with a glass cleaner and newspaper or coffee filters.
she has banged on the plastic and even kicked it while having a tantrum and the plastic is still strong.
i am 5'3 and i can easily step over it without needing to move it when its pressure mounted.
i can lean against it and it won't move.
i really love it and i recommend them to my pregnant friends.
so i got this, installed it four inches from the floor, and it's perfect!
my son likes it because he can see us through the screen, we like it because it is effective, easy to use, and allows for swinging both ways.
highly recommended!
works well to keep my crawling baby from going down the stairs.
this gate has been great for the doorway to a room that we are in and out of constantly.
i initially purchased thesummer infant sure and secure extra tall walk-thru gate, white, but i had trouble with the latch staying closed, not something you want with an ambitious baby around!
and the noise!
a baby grabbing the bars and shaking can make quite a racket!
this is so so so worth the cost.
it is soo easy to install.
super strong.
great
it just wouldn't fit in our living room because the screws don't extent out long enough to deal with baseboards.
it works well and looks good but you have to be paying attention.
it helps to support the bottom with a foot while closing the top so everything lines up properly.
unlike some other models (like the hands-free gates), you'll need to bolt this to the wall.
otherwise, it's a barrier, not a gate: it won't open.
my husband and i are both pretty handy, so we thought it wouldn't be a problem.the template for mounting was a nice addition, especially if you've tried mounting a regalo gate to the wall--those things are impossible to align perfectly and quickly.here's what you need to know before purchasing, if you intend to mount at the top of stairs:1) the opening must be between 27.5" and 42.5" wide2) the hardware must be screwed into wood or studs, not drywall or anything else.
interrupts small creatures and urchins migratory patterns.
allows our crawler to see through but not climb.the latches require you to push the plastic tab beside them.
we were looking for something that easily opens and this has been working great.
this allows her to see my toddler and vice versa.
the door is also very easy for adults and difficult for my toddler.
i highly recommend this door!!!
we brought it for the space between kitchen and dinning room.
if you plan on opening the door part it will release pressure of the side of the gate.
this is an excellent gate.
additionally, this gate swings open, giving you 100% of the width of your walkway to walk through, whereas most tension mount gates have a smaller opening to walk through after you mount the gate.this is the best gate we have used!
it has been one of the best things we purchased.
the kit provides extension pieces for the top mount, but not the bottom and that is where we felt like we needed it.
it's just that you can use it to swing open and close with the hard mount.the way you open and close the gate with the top piece is not difficult for an adult (like some of the foot opening ones), but a toddler couldn't figure it out.we currently use this for a door way, but it will more than expand to fit our stairway as well.
now that we have tested it out, we plan on ordering another one for other places in our home.
3 at our house, and 4 others at grandparents' houses.
the clear window is a plus visually, allowing light through and an open view of the baby and pets on the other side.
the greatest feature is that the gates work both as wall mount and suspension gates.
this gate was installed at the top of our stairs when my youngest son became mobile.
it was easy to install and i love that with the mounting brackets the gate does not swing out over the stairs.
it's easy to open and close with one hand while holding the baby or anything else.
i love that it is so easy to remove the gate and leave the hardware in place, takes seconds to remove the gate or put it back in place!
we love this gate for our house.
our daycare provider recommended it to us and we've been very please with it.
it works well mounted or unmounted and it's so nice that it swings on it's hinge when mounted.
we also like that it doesn't have bars for our son to use to pull up on.
we love this versatile gate.
we needed something that would fit a little bit smaller doorway, and this one is perfect!
we have used it both ways and have been very pleased with the results.
but that means children will not be able to operate it!
the clear plastic window makes it less of an eye sore and my son could peek through from one side or the other and stay safe from the stairs.
we use this gate as a pressure mount gate between the living room and the kitchen.
so far we like the ease of use, and the good price.
i have two of these gates installed in our home; one at the top and one at the bottom of a staircase.
the gates do not budge, are easy to open and close (but not for baby!)
and very easy to clean.
love this gate!
but was very surprised how well it works for our family.
i purchased two the gates and they did not fix b/c of our baseboard.
it is easy to open with one hand.
it is located at the top of our stairs that go down to the basement.
a lil more expensive, but works great!
it was sturdy and i liked that it was solid.
i love this gate, we bought it as a second gate to have on the inside of my son's bedroom door so we could stop playing the opening/closing of the door game.
we use it pressure-mounted in a doorway.
it's great!
it's expected that it will slightly loosen with use and need to be re-tightened.
it's not as "comfortable" to step over as a shorter gate, true, but it is absolutely doable.
)3) one reviewer said her 20 month old figured out how to open it.
must be one strong kid.
i, without tons of hand strength, sometimes have to use both hands to push it before pulling the handle up, and my husband, with lots of hand strength, says it's really tough even for him to do.
it works wonderfully.
the door is secure and safe.
it opens easily and closes in such a way that is easy for my husband and me but i know that our daughter won't be able to work it open.
this has been worthwhile.
we have two of these gates for high traffic areas inside our house, haven't found another gate that is easy enough for grown ups to open.
we have a six year old nephew who can open it, but our two and a half year old isn't anywhere close to figuring it out.the clear plastic part will get smudged up easily by little hands, but it wipes clean easily enough.
if you're wanting stuff to look pristine all of the time with toddlers running around, well, good luck.
i love it!
i have several different types of baby gates and this is by far my favorite (even though it's not the most expensive).
it's the most easily adjustable and it actually stays in place.
winning!
this is the best baby gate i have ever used.
my family uses the pressure-mount method with our gates.
this one is so easy to use and stays put.
it's easy enough that my 7-year old can operate it and still keeps my fiesty 2-year old in check.
thank you, the first years!
i also love that i can operate it one-handed while juggling a newborn and shooing the 2-year old out of the kitchen.
great investment!
we purchased one of these a few months back.
we love the see through panel.
the gate itself works better if hardware mounted.
not true.
you can't step over it and you can't open it with one hand with a baby in your arms.
best decision ever.i really like how adjustable it is.
i use all 3 different tray settings because sometimes i want the tray right next to his belly to prevent food from falling all over his lap.
sometimes i just want him to be contained and i leave him more space to wiggle.
i love this chair it is really easy to clean.
my daughter is 1 and really tall and this still works for her.
otherwise, we take this with us everywhere we go - picnics, restaurants, etc.
wanted toddler child to eat at dining room table with family, but the decorative downward lip around the table wouldn't allow his current high chair to completely pull up to table (with child's legs beneath the decorative lip).
i love it.
this seat is comfy, versatile and folds up very nicely when you want it out of the way.cons:  if you have a really big baby, this may not be the chair for you.
******* update **********my daughter is now 2 and still uses this booster chair everyday.
and i still love it.
she is about average size and still fits just fine.
my son is 20 lbs at 6 months and he fits into this really well.
it's easy to clean, there's no cervices that trap food.
the tray cover is great for keeping nosey cats out of unfinished food.
works with/attaches to almost any chair and is small enough and easy enough to take any where.
love this chair!
so, we purchased this booster and we all love it.
she is able to reach her tray easily and can pick food up from it.
i debated between getting this one and one of the space saver highchairs and i'm very glad we got this one.
so easy!
we have a small house and a small dining area.
this straps on perfectly and can tuck in right under the table.
the price is also a huge plus!
love it.
i bought this when we moved to our new apartment because i didn't want to trip over a huge high chair.
the seat back also folds for compact storage.
this chair is very easy to attach to the chair and when both straps are tightened the seat stays very snug.
this is a great booster seat!
it's so easy to clean and and to take with you.
smaller babies and bigger kids can use this and it's so compact!!
5 stars.
this is fantastic!
this is the perfect chair when you want to finally get rid of that bulky infant highchair!
i love how it's all plastic and easy to clean.
because my son was dirtying up the sides of the seat when eating i found that i could never get away with just washing the dishwasher-safe white tray -- i always had to wash the blue tray as well because the sides had food on them.
love this booster seat!!
i bring it to my parents, friends houses, and every restaurant!
my one year old fits perfectly into it and i've already used it for months.
i have purchased several booster style high chairs and love this one the most.
everything about it is great.
all while baby can sit there and enjoy more food or a safe place to sit while you do this.
trust me, it's a life saver!!!!
also......if your fickle and easily distracted eater decides to take a break with eating to go play you can cover the tray of food and leave it there or even throw it in the fridge!!!
i also own the peg perego primma pappa which i also love.
but given the bulk and price tag ($200+) overall i rate this one the best!!!!!!!
i love everything about this booster seat!
our son started using it at 7 months old and this is the only seat we will need to buy.
it will easily transition into a toddler booster chair.
this is a nice shade of brick red.-the main tray is easy to install and remove and fits in the dishwasher.
this is easily the best piece of baby gear for the money that we've ever purchased.
this thing is great!
we use this for our 22 month old and it is perfect.
the fact that it has adjustable height settings is also very nice.
it keeps the tray clean in between uses.
the other feature the deluxe version has is the height adjustable seat.
we keep it in the car and use it at restaurants and when visiting relatives.at 9 month my kid likes to watch us eat and we feed him little bits of our food when we eat out to keep him entertained.
it let's us eat in relative peace.i also have a high chair cover but i prefer to use our own booster chair because it's more clean and the tray is useful to put his cheerios on which he can eat himself.
as an apartment dweller in an urban area, space is always at a premium.
this booster seat is small and can be folded up.
we've taken this seat with us to a lot of places (like the grandparents house) and the small size and light weight are very much appreciated.
it's durable and easy to clean.
we love this seat - highly recommended.
turns out it was a perfect fit for her and she has plenty of room to grow.
i love the back rest and the tray with cover is an awesome feature.
the rest of it held up for two years and was still in amazing shape when we sold it to a consignment store.
worth every penny!
it's perfect.
very secure, very well made.
it is all plastic and very easy to keep clean.
great booster seat.
well, it fell apart.
it has a cup holder and snaps right on to the main (blue) tray.there are three different height settings.
it also makes the seat very easy to clean.the seat has a three-point seatbelt that adjusts, so it can accomodate a growing baby and toddler.the booster folds up and even has a shoulder strap to make it easier to travel with.
it is also dishwasher safe.
i like the cover you can put on the tray, just so you know it's not getting dirty.there are straps on both sides and on the back of the seat.
this is great especially when eating out.
this booster is great!
this is one of the single best purchases we've made for our kids.
it's great!
we use it as a highchair at home, and can easily take it with us to restaurants or over to grandma's and grandpa's.
it would be nice if it came with more than 1 white tray (one to use, one in the wash), but other than that we absolutely love it, and highly recommend it to everyone we know with babies on the way.
this booster seat works great.
the inner tray doesn't lock in well enough for us, it's become my son's favorite game to pull it out and toss it on the floor.
i love the height adjustments on this.
it is perfect for a growing loittle one.
when traveling it folds up nicely and the tray cover is great.
we love it!
like the adjustable tray - kept my son in place since 4 mo.4.
son seems comfy and happy in itneeds improvement:1.
the straps easily adjust to fit our dining chairs.
it's light and folds up for easy storage.
very easy to clean as said, works with ease, my boy will use this till he is a big boy
when we bought this seat the first one that arrived was defective.
the notch that held the seat back in the upright position was not cut/formed properly.
i called fisher-price and they sent out a new one right away.
what great customer service and a price that can't be matched.
the quality is good and it is easy to clean.
baby is comfy while he eats, plastic is easy to clean after.
dishwasher safe tray.adjustable height.
small and portable.
my baby just turned a year old and is big for his age, 26 lbs, 32 in.
set up was super easy and fast and my son loves to sit in it, unlike his highchair we had him in before.
great!
this is a perfect alternative!!
so i tried it and it is great!!!
i put it on top of the dining table someties(in the middle).
easy to clean.
a 4 because you don't really need 3 pieces for a tray, one works great, the dish washer safe part rarely gets in the dishwasher since i clean it after every meal and run the dishwasher every other day.
also i have seen trays slide along the side and lock anywhere on other models and this has 3 tabs on the sides to lock the tray on.
it works.
i love this booster!
this was a great choice and we actually bought a second one in another color.
it is so easy to clean or take with you to family or friends house.
its inexpensive and functional.i bought mine from diapers.com and was very happy.
amazon also has good deals sometimes.
i taped a thick plastic sheet onto the fabric seat cushion of one of the kitchen chairs (one that has arms) and used the self-straps to strap it securely to the chair.
i am happy i bought this.
we find this very useful when we are traveling or visiting family that doesn't have children.
easy to clean which is a huge help when you are at someone elses home or restaurant.
this seat has weathered two kids and lots of travel.
we haul it on vacation with us.
we use it with the tray or without.
and we always find ourselves commenting that we need to buy a second for when we have company over with kids.
my kids don't use their highchairs for long simply because they want to be at the table with the rest of the family.
with this seat, they can do that from a very young age.highly recommended.
i love this chair!!
it works well for my family because we already have dining chairs.
my baby could easily flip all her food onto the floor, so i don't even use the snap on tray tops anymore.
she enjoyed sitting with us and she enjoyed the tray system that she could play with her food in.
the chair is easy to take with you as it folds and it has two belts with buckles for you to secure it to whatever it will be standing on.
the green cover to keep the white tray clean while you carry it.the green cover does not always stay put when being carried.
a few small design issues (mentioned above) were not safety related and we're able to live though them :)
we've had this chair for 5 years and through 2 kids and soon to be a third.
we knew we needed something to save space and we wanted our child to really be part of family dinner time when we had our first son.
we used it up to the table from the time my boys were around a year old each and they felt like they were part of the family instead of most kids that are in a high chair and shoved away from the table.
it's very easy to clean and very easy to transport and adjust to a new chair.
after 5 years it still looks pretty new and we still use it every day.
we even use it as a chair to boost our kids up so i can cut their hair.
i would not recommend any other like product-this really is the best out there and we've used several and different friends' homes and family's homes.
plus it's great cause when we travel we just unstrap it from the chair, fold it up, and take it with us... which is super easy!!
other than that it's amazing and i recommend it.
this is easy to install, durable and a great compact size.
my daughter is 10 months old and expect she'll be able to use this for quite some time.
we love it!!!
when dinner time came, the design of our table prevented us from scooting the chair close to the table... so it always felt like he was distant.this chair is great!!
installation was a breeze, it has a strap the wraps around the seat of any chair and a strap that wraps around the back to keep it secure.
i can easily scoot him in so we can have a family dinner.
the seat height is even adjustable how awesome is that!
bought this for a weekend with family for our 1 yr old last july 4th, 2010.
our daughter is the first grandchild on that side of the family and they had no baby gear in their vacation home at that point.
restaurant chairs are so nasty and not always safe.
they always comment positively.
we bought this because we are going to grand parents and friends homes who don't have a high chair.
we carry it with us if we go out or visit grandparents in a different city.
it&#8217;s very convenient for babies that are not yet used to dinner chairs.
and i also prefer something of mine at the public restaurants or party places.
it&#8217;s compact, light and easy to clean and store when not needed.
we own two of these ~ one at our house and one at my parent's house.
it is perfectly portable ~ we've taken it to a football banquet and a thanksgiving dinner, i just didn't want to take it on an airplane.
it was highly recommended by friends as well.
simple and smart.
easy to get baby in and out.
easy to clean.
folds easily for travel.
it works very well.
only took about a minute to get a perfect fit on our dining room chair.
i love that it is super easy to clean and is very compact.there are 2 reasons i didn't give this 5 stars, but i still love the seat.#1.
it doesn't snap all the way around the main tray, so my son flips it (and any food on it) on the floor within seconds.
this has been a great little addition to our baby gear.
pros: compact, so it's easy to travel with and store, baby gets to sit at table with the family, the separate tray is very handy for food prep and cleaning purposes, easy to clean, baby seems comfortable in it.
cons (more like minor annoyances): tray is not very wide so baby throws tons of food over the sides, chair underneath gets very dirty unless you put a cloth under the high chair.
it is really easy to put a cloth under the chair and wash that a couple times a week, so that is really a non-issue for us.
we go out for dinner frequently and love the booster for our son instead of using the restaurant highchairs.
it is easy to carry and attach to a chair.
glad we got this, would definitely recommend.
it's wonderfully easy to clean and just as nice as the space saver, unless you plan to use it before your baby can sit up unassisted.
when our youngest is done with this, we'll be keeping it for friends who come over with babies.
bought the booster seat for a 5 month old who sits with assistance/support.
great investment!
so it takes minimal space and allows the baby to sit at the dinner table with the family, which makes feeding so much more fun.3) cleaning-wise it is just wonderful -- easy to wipe off plastic that can be taken apart and thrown into the dishwasher.the only downside: you cannot put the baby in when the table compartment is attached to the chair.
and the height change option is nice to have (have not used it yet).
the removable white sectional plate and plate cover ended up completely useless for me personally.although i have a basic fisher-price booster seat as well as this deluxe booster seat (we have 2 children), my husband mainly prefers using our brica high chair sear cover with disposable placemats, to reduce # of big, bulky items to bring to the restaurant.
it was the best decision ever!
it's so nice to not have a big high chair taking up space and this booster seat is much easier to clean and use.
the blue and white and green look great with everything.
we had trouble fitting my chunky boy in some fisher price high chairs but this booster seat fits him great and isn't too tight.
i like that it adjusts in height but we haven't needed to use that because it's perfect for our table already.
my son is now 19 months and loves this seat and feels like a big boy at the table.
i definitely recommend this to anyone who needs a booster seat!
i bought this for my son because he will be starting on foods in a month.
i wanted a high chair that is a space saver style as well as easy to clean.
he is 5 months old and a little small for the seat, but that is good as i hope to use it for quite a while.
also, cute colors!
a simple and convenient chair for those who don't have the space for a regular, stand alone high chair.
it's held up and is perfect for her apartment.
it is easy to tote around though, so one will suffice, but for convenience sake, we found having a few a real convenience.
we can also use the extras when other kids visit.the seat secures easily with two adjustable nylon straps and clips--one below a chair's bottom and the other around the back of your chair.
we've used it on a variety of chair styles and it has always worked.
the seat is simple and contoured for baby's bottom and legs and the entire seat has 3 easily adjustable height setting so that baby can truly pull right up to the table with the rest of the family (note, the seat must be removed from the chair it's on to make this adjustment, but it's rare that you have to change it, as the size of the child determines the best height, not so much the table or chair height.)
the baby is secured in the seat by a 3-point harness made of the same adjustable nylon and clips.the tray is simple to put on and remove.
the tray has 3 parts--a base, insert, and cover.
lastly, it has a cover that snaps into place on top.
i purchased this for the smaller of my one year old twin granddaughters, the larger baby uses a high chair i was able to borrow from a friend.
shes fits in it perfectly fine, she is happy as all getup in it and to be part of the family at dinner.
she will be getting weighed this week at her one year checkup, but i am estimating she is about 19 lbs and 29" tall.
all in all a great booster seat.
i dont use the tray top, but the bottom part is great in that it fits easily under the table (unlike my other high chair which claimed it would work as a booster but couldnt fit under any tables) and has a couple of levels to move him down as he grows taller.
folds up nicely, wipes clean easily, is light and easy to transport.
bought it hoping my son would like it.
the buttons on the sides are not as convenient as some of the models that slide.
my husband thinks it's great and preferred it to other snap-on models, however i feed our kid more and have to deal with its &#34;quirks&#34; on a more regular basis (i.e.
great space saver, easy to clean, my son enjoys sitting in it (7 mos old).
make sure you read the instruction and do this properly.the 3 set of trays combo are great for kid to have food on.my baby is only 5 months and we started him on some solid and this is good.
of all things related to babies and toddlers etc, this one by far is the absolute best invention by fisher price!
with so many 4+ star reviews already, you know you got yourself a winner with this product.the durability, convenience, portability and overall use of this booster seat will end up being your best purchase ever.
there's many imitators out there but the one by fisher price is the one you want in the end.
great functionality, great price, great use - what more can you ask for?
i bought the booster seat from amazon when my son was 5 months old.
attaching the seat to any chair is very quick and easy.
the trays are easy to clean (and yes a child will learn how to remove the white tray, which is not a big deal.
just stop using it at that time and use the blue tray.)
we love the removable tray feature that is dishwasher safe.
we put this booster seat in a chair and strap him in and he's ready to eat.
love how light weight it is and it's easy to carry around.
the other one we have is the first years newborn to toddler reclining feeding seat.
the first years seat is good for when your child is first learning to eat and can't quite sit up well because it reclines.
however, it's not good for travel because it doesn't fold up nicely.
we really like the fisher price booster for the following reasons:- folds up nicely - we keep it in our car to use when we're out.- the set-up is easy and user-friendly - we didn't need an instruction manul to figure it out.- clean up is simple - there are no crevices in the seat for food to get caught in (the first years has small crevises along the seat) and the top tray pops off for easy cleaning.
we've used this seat since our daughter was six months old.
she's now 16 months and it's still a great seat!
she loves climbing in, buckling the seat belt and snapping the tray on.
it's easy to travel with.
it's very easy to keep clean!
we got the healthy care booster seat after both of my sisters-in-law told us how much they liked and used theirs.
to be able to take along some containment for him is wonderful!
also, the fact that you can throw the tray in the dishwasher helps sterilizing it a breeze!definitely an item to add to your list.
great product, excellent price, easy to cleanup, simple to attach to chair.
dinner time is about eating, and sharing time with your family.
buy this, feed your kid, & have a glass of wine because you made it through another day.
the strap between the toddler's legs goes straight through a slit that stays clean.
i was constantly cleaning the hole around the strap of my other chair because the food would fall beneath the hole in the cushion that was for the strap.my favorite part are the little trays.
they fit easily in the sink even with additional dishes.
they fit easily into the dishwasher as well.
there's even a cupholder in the top tray and my little girl loves to organize her things and put the cup in it.i love this chair and it has lifted a burden from my shoulders!
so happy i bought this booster for my grandson.
straps allow you to secure it to the back and seat of the chair in a snap.
it will be great for many years of use, as the height adjusts easily.
everything packs up into a neat, easy to transport bundle.
i highly recommend this for travel or use at nana's house.
very much worth the price!
my son loved it right away.
the height adjustments are great for growing toddlers.
very easy to clean and store.
i am very happy with this purchase.
we purchased this chair for our 14 month old baby boy and he loves it.
we push him under the table and put his food on his plate and he is so comfortable in it.
easy to transport, packs up nicely and easy to clean.
perfect booster seat for my 9 month old.
fits firmly on our wooden kitchen chairs.
easy to install and stays in place.
the tray and seat is very easy to clean!
highly recommended.
this chair is great for a portable - folds easily down to take with you has a carry strap.
i really like the smaller size and it has a more streamlined look.
this has been great so far.
i also love the fact that the fastening straps can be buckled and used as shoulder straps when you take this seat along with you during travel.
i got this one and love it.
i guess they make it in different colors as well.
we live in a small home and don't have a ton of space for a big bulky high chair.
it is great and super easy to clean.
i like that you can remove the tray for fast cleaning.
it also folds down great for traveling.
it is easy to transport; i can take it to my parents' house, to restaurants and anywhere in between.
works great!
this was one of the great "investments" we made in baby gear.
with their second child they switched to a booster seat and were never happier.
she is a smart cookie indeed!
the plastic seat is contoured, and my daughter doesn't even notice that it's not padded.
she didn't start solid food until 5 1/2 months, and then we used her bouncer at first.
it definitely helps that we aren't leaning down to feed her.
i am buying another one of these seats and putting that other barstool to good use.
i love that it is very safe.
it snaps to the chair really tightly, it snaps to my son, and the table snaps as well.
i also like that it has a cover.
this is awesome!
it just stays stationed on one of our dining table chairs so their isn't a bulky high chair taking about space in our tiny place.
we think this is a great seat.
we like that it doesn't take up any additional space in your eating area because it sits on one of your existing chairs.
our baby was so happy to be seated at the table with us and her siblings instead of in a separate high chair.also, it's portable.
we bring the seat with us when we eat out and our daughter doesn't have to sit in a restaurant high chair that doesn't fit her.
love this seat.
my son is 18 months old and wanted to sit up at the table with us.
the tray is easy to clean.
it says its dishwasher safe but i usually clean it in the sink.
the rest of the seat is also easily cleaned.
its sturdier than the seat at my inlaws and parents.
i initially bought this chair to take on vacation and it was perfect.
compact and light.
the height of the chair can be adjusted which is great and i love that it has two seperate trays - the only thing that would make it perfect is if the white top tray had grips on the front as well as the back.
this seat is great.
it has three levels so it will fit at any table if you want to scoot the kid right up to the table, but it also has its own tray.
we bought the red and tan chair and i love that it is not pink or blue but a nice color!
it takes up very little space, and i highly recommend this chair!
a great item at a fantastic price.
we are very happy we chose to try one of these prior to purchasing a high chair.this seat is simple to clean, easy to install, and has some great features.
this allows us to fold it down and push the chair back under the table with all the other chairs.
clean up is very easy, everything wipes off without problems and our son likes sitting in it and eating.
my son is 2 years old & we've been using this seat for over a year now.
i originally purchased it for use while visiting family & eating out.
the snap on tray is pretty useless once they get old enough to pull it off (the tray underneath is great by itself), but it's nice that the cover snaps on when traveling to keep the tray clean.
my son has always been big for his age, so i was concerned that his belly wouldn't fit with the tray on, but it was fine on the middle tray setting.
even being used everyday, it's held up great & still comes clean easily.
now at 30 lbs, he still fits in it with plenty of room to spare.
we ended up buying this booster seat and strapping it into one of the chairs.
easy to clean.
this is good for traveling because it's reletively small, but it's bare bones for home use.
there is no padding, and no between-the-legs post  to keep smaller children from sliding under the tray.
the seat is safely secured to a dining chair and that way our son can sit with us while we eat dinner at the same level.
this thing is a breeze to clean and very sturdy.
my 8 month old does great in this seat!
i purchased two - one for our home and one for my mil.pros are pretty straightforward:- easy to install on existing kitchen chair- doesn't take up additional space- super easy to clean- portable so you can take it to a restaurant if you so choose- comfy- sturdymy sister used this same seat for both her children and her oldest still uses it.
she's almost 2.5 and still fits great!
it just the job, but it's nothing spectacular !
we use it at our dining room table and take it whenever we go out to eat.
it's easy to clean, has adjustable heights, and is very sturdy.
my two and a half year old can struggle with all of his might and won't get out.
this is the second one of these i've ordered.
i like that it doesn't take up our precious space, and if we need the chair when company comes over it is easy to take off temporarily.
it's so easy that we often take us with us when we go and visit relatives.
my daughter is about to turn one and this chair is still working great for us.
it is also easy to clean.
my mother has one at her house and when i started keeping a second 8 month old, i decided to order one for myself.
the space saver seat has straps over the shoulders that keep the baby more contained, but for the two 8 month old babies i keep this works just fine.
it's small enough to fit in any chair and works just fine in the floor the way we use it.
in my small kitchen, this is the perfect high chair.
cleans easily, comfortable, and helpful.
easily straps on.
easy to clean.
and great for their progressive growth.
it is an excellent chair and well worth the money.
not only is it affordable, the size is perfect!!
i love everything about this booster.
i like that it has different height settings, so i can be closer to eye level with my son while feeding him.
i got two of these for my twin grandsons who are two years old.
they were easy to install and fit securely on both my dining room chairs and a standard folding chair.
they take up less space than a traditional highchair which makes them easier to use in my home.
i used a fisher-price healthy care deluxe booster seat with my oldest kid and used the "space-saver high chair" with my second kiddo because i had sold the other one when i had to move over-seas.
i'm very happy i did.
it's easy to clean and it can be used easily instead of a high chair with a 5+ month old in my opinion.
highly recommended.
we love this booster seat!
it's great for parents without a lot of room for a regular highchair and for grandparents who need to store a highchair when not in use.
no tools are required to assemble, the booster height is adjustable and it sits securely on our dining chairs.
i like that the trays are dishwasher safe.
this chair has been great.
i just love how convenient and easy this chair is to use for my 5 month old.
we just started him on solids, and wanted a high chair that would be easy to take to grandmas house, and one that attached to a regular chair.i bought it because of the terrific price and good reviews and am not disappointed!
fits on one of our normal kitchen chairs (so no extra stuff in our kitchen dining area), holds him securely, and cleans up very easy.
i enjoy the versatility of this chair.
i love that the trays can be sanitized in the dishwasher.
it cleans up easily.
i read the review and was happy that i picked this booster seat.
love these.
best thing i ever got.
use them for my twin grandsons ain't my small kitchen.
easy to clean.
i sewed two towels together and put it over the back of the chairs to minimize those grimy hands.
we take these camping and when we visit friends and family.
nice to have for many years!
okay item.
some reviewers write that they bought it to use at grandparents' house, but i've used this daily for the past 2.5 years with both my daughters.
we put our children in this when they first started solid food--we have some friends who thought they 'needed' a high chair because it had more padding for really young children who are just starting solids.
also, you can slide the booster right up to the table and have the child eat from the table verses the tray.
it's inexpensive, east to use, easy to clean, portable, secure, and takes up very little space.
it's the only high chair my child has ever used, and we use it at home, bring it to restaurants, to other peoples homes, and even brought it on vacation with us!
she's 2 years old and still has room.
this booster is perfect.
it cleans easily, 6 month (now 9 month) baby loves it.
this chair travels well but it also used everyday at grandma's house.
this chair is perfect!
the best part, you can't beat the price!
it's been great.
we started using it when our son was about 4 months old and has been able to grow with him.
such a nice way to transition.
bought this for my 7 month old son.
but other than that it's great and i've used it several times.
this little seat is great.
we love it.
and it is easy to clean.
it attaches easily to our kitchen chairs and i've been putting our 5-month old daughter in it while i work in the kitchen for 2 months now.
she bought these because they could work for my niece (3 years old) without the back and it could work with my 20 month olds as a highcahir.
the snap in tray is great, just like my aquarium chair at home!
it is also nice that it adjusts to the tray can rest on the table.
i love that its very easy to fold and carry.
my boys love sitting in it, and its super easy to clean.
i love this booster and its perfect for grandmas, houses with limited space, for going out to eat, or just instead of a highchair if you have multiple children!
we love this chair, and would never use another one for grandmas.
great as a spare, for travel or if you are a grandparent.
this booster is really, really great.
love that you can adjust the height to fit under any table.
love the removable tray for easier cleaning and sterilization.
it's also nice the removable part of the tray comes with a lid.
it folds up easily and you can use the back strap to carry it.
in a restaruant or at home, these are a life saver with the twins.
the straps are durable and adjustable, the tray positioning is adjustable, and the chair height is adjustable to three different positions.
also, it comes with a cover for the removable tray.
the seat has a little formed bump area that fits between the baby's legs to also help keep them in place, in addition to the 3-point belt.
we loved this seat!
the seat fastened to chairs easily and was stable and secure.
small enough for taking to restaurants, big enough to be secure.
surrounded the baby well enough that it made playing with finger food easy!
baby loved that and so did we.
my son fits in it comforably and i love the convenience of the 3 levels, tray cover and lightweight portability.
it's a great item for grandma to pick up for those special visits to her house - forget the high chair!my son has used his booster exclusively since he was able to sit up comfortably.
i highly recommend this wonderful booster!
it's sturdy and easy to use.
this has been great for our baby so far.
he'll just drum happily on the tray until we bring the food over.we got this when our son was about 8 months old.
i saw this on amazon and thought the good reviews plus the chair's ability to "grow" with the kid by turning into a booster seat was great.
it is easy for her to climb into, she can latch the strap herself, and it pushes directly up to the table.
i think the price is right on this and it is very useful.
very portable easy to attach and take off chairs, small and lightweight.
we keep this at my parents house during the week since they watch our 8 month old while i work, and take it with us whenever we go anywhere to eat so we don't have to use those yucky highchairs at restaurants!
it is very portable as well as the trays snap in to make the seat compact for carrying.
this makes it the most compact for storage and travel.
my son is now 19 months.
it straps easily to most chairs, both around the seat back and the seat.
we usually keep those in place for storage, but remove both when we're using it.
we use this when we visit grandparents for meals and it is perfect.
it is easy to clean, very easy to transport and works great!
the trays pop off and are easy to clean and dishwasher safe.
it folds up and is portable.
our son is 5 months old - 16 lbs -  and fits in there comfortably with room to grow.
i am very happy with the quality and design of this booster seat.
it is easy to use, has a secure buckle system, the white tray insert and cover are good ideas.
works as a play chair on the floor as well.
as our place is distant from ups and we don't want to carry it back, we have to keep this but this kind of trade is not good!!!
we loved this booster seat so much we bought a second one for our second child.
it is easy to snap on to any seat available, and super easy to clean.
we love that we don't have to lug around a big, bulky high chair, as we don't have much floor space in our dining area, so a booster seat was a great option for us!
it just works.
i love that the height on the chair is adjustable and the price can't be beat.
it does a great job of putting her at the table so that she can feel she is part of the family meals too.
the trays are great.
super easy to wash.
i got this to keep on one of our dining chairs permanently until our son is old enough to sit on a regular chair.
our table is black with tan cushions and this chair looks great with it, because it blends with the colors perfectly.
for reference, my son is probably about 35 inches tall.
with all the baby gear i've bought over the years, this is by far one of my best purchases.
and you can't beat the price!
this chair is a great space saver, it's an awesome little high chair.
love it.
it strapped into my tall kitchen chairs and felt very sturdy.
we purchased this for a special baby who visits us a few times a week.
clean-up from our special, but messy, baby guest is a breeze.
we purchased this booster seat when my son turned six months and started solid foods.
it is super easy to clean, it's portable, it's the right size for our little guy (still fits great, and he's almost one now), and it has allowed him to sit at the table with the family from day one instead of being in a high chair off to the side.
fits all size chairs the size and height are great.
the different tray combo is great and the cover keeps it from getting dusty.
very comfortable we've taken it out with us many times to different restaurants and it worked great.
it's also a nice option to have around if you have children (nieces, nephews, grandchildren) visiting you, and you need an extra seat for the kiddos.
the booster is easy to carry around because it folds up and the straps that fasten it to a chair can be used as a strap.
it is very secure and attaches very easily.
awesome chair.
wipes clean.
it also has adjustable feet.
they take up a tremendous amount of space.
these healthy care deluxe boosters take care of both of those issues!
its easy to clean, compact, and stashes as easily as it travels.
the seat back is very upright and does not recline.
this booster is light and well built.
other than that, my kid's happy, i'm happy.
the only advantages of the fisher price booster seat are that it's very portable, inexpensive, and might be good for people with don't have an extra 2 feet of space for a high chair.
and i can't rave enough!
the tray is great - so easy to put on and take off, and being able to throw everything in the dishwasher is great.
(so, when the white tray is still in the dishwasher - dirty - you can use the blue one!)
we did have a booster with our first child, but i hated cleaning it - there were some nooks and crannies that food always got caught in and it was such a pain.
this booster folds up nicely, whether you want to do that for storage, or to take along somewhere.
we will be using this for a few years, i'm sure - it will stay with my daughter into toddlerhood, when i'll be able to remove the tray and back, and use it only as a booster seat.
it's great!
love it, love it, love it!
***adding to this review in april 2011 -  we still have the 2 of these we bought years ago, and are using them with our third child.
love these!!!!
love that i decided not to spend $80-100 on a highchair.
this chair is perfect for my little one and she will get years more use out of it!it is true, like others have said that the white tray is very easy for your toddler to learn how to remove.
also wish all parts were dishwasher safe.
i love that it adjusts to three different hights once fastened to a chair and that the tray can come off and my son can eat with us at the table instead of on the side of the table like he had to in his old highchair.
i like that the seat back is now curved and i like the detachable tray plate and cover.
i love how little space this uses!
this booster is a wonderful transition from infant highchair to the family table.
it has three heights and a removable tray as you can see from the pictures.
really pleased with our purchase.
and we absolutely love it.
you just have to slide your hand under the seat and help the straps come out.
my baby is perfectly comfortable without cushioning and hot fabrics.
i'll also blend in better with your decoration.- 2 trays: both detachable.
the top one (with lid) is perfect for serving then food right there though i never used the lid.
it is also dishwasher safe.
once they learn to take off this top tray by themselves the base tray stays securely in place and is easy to clean as well (no way for baby to detach this :)cons:- if you have a cushioned chair (cushioning that can't be taken off) this seat will leave a mark, probably permanent once you take the seat off (a couple of years later?).
also, babies drop food that sometimes doesn't go to the floor but to your chair seat.- if you don't have a cushioned chair: you might want to cut a plastic or cleanable place mat and put it on the chair before installing the baby seat.
this is for easy cleaning.
to our surprise, he did great!
now, he's almost 6 months old and he's eating solid foods a few times a week.
this chair is perfect.
the tray does fit great into the dishwasher.
the chair is super easy to clean and it'll be nice later on to have a portable high chair for him.
it is secure.
at 21 months old, my son can climb in and out of it himself.
it's a great design and attaches very well to our wood dining room chair.
it's easy to clean.
there is a space between the booster seat and dining room chair that i always forget to clean, but our dog has a long tongue.it's easy to pack around and so nice to have at restaurants so we don't have to put our son in the icky high chairs caked with ancient boogers.
this booster seat has been the perfect solution.
my daughter ate her first solid foods in this seat and now at the age of 2 1/2, she uses it without the tray as she sits right at the table with us.
it's highly portable and durable, enduring several road trips with us.
the booster is also easy to clean.
love this booster seat.
we have tried several different seats and this by far has been the best.
straps perfectly to every seat we have used it on, has removable back, 2 trays, height adjutment, adjustable straps, 3pt harness, folds comatc for travel or storage and also seems to be the most comfy to sit in for our 2 boys.
we will also be using this same seat for our 3rd boy when the time comes.
worth every penny!
our daughter would always bend over and suck on the table when she was in restaurant high chairs and the only place to put her food was on the table where we worried about cleanliness but this booster seat turns any chair into a highchair and every surface they're touching is their own!not only from a hygiene standpoint, this chair is super easy to attach and even easier to clean!
great high chair for travel!!
our daughter is now 16 months, 22 lbs and we still use it.
it's nice to go anywhere and always have a seat.
when you've had a kid already and you're moving on to your 2nd etc.
this feeding chair fits at the table so nicely -- even with our wide dinning room chairs and our wide patio swivel chairs.
she doesn't feel separated at all and i think that's a big deal.
she's closer to our plates and can see what we're eating easier than in a high chair.
we easily move it from inside to our screened-in porch table in the summer months.
we bring it to restaurants as well.
with our first child we bought the most expensive high chair with all the bells and whistles and we were lured by the promise of it converting to a toddler chair.
i have had mine now for three years...my daughter used it and now my son uses it.
we don't have room for a large high chair in our kitchen so we tried this as an everyday alternative since it fits so nicely in a chair and we are sooo glad we did.
the top is completely removable and dishwasher safe (and trust me, mine has been through the dishwasher a hundred times).
we take it on vacation, to friend's houses and since my son is now 22 months old, we use the booster seat portion only and pull him right up to the table to eat.
this is, by far, one of the best baby products we have ever purchased.
mine is still in such good shape, i plan on giving it to a friend when my son outgrows it.
i absolutley love this chair!!
she fits perfect with plenty of room to grow and i feel very comfortable that this is secure..you can't beat the price either.. a must have!
it so easy to use and doesn't take up any space at all.
i would highly recommend.
good quality for the price.
the seat is cute and easy to attach to just about any chair.
this seat is really great.
perfectly pieces together to make traveling with it easy and safe.
very easy to clean.
she is now 25 months and still fits perfectly.
we are expecting our 2nd child in may and i plan on using this for him as well.
it is made very well.
very easy to clean.
i love how easy this is to use!
folds up, travels well, cleans easily, fits my kid well, is secure, and is on the third kid so they last.
i will keep it always to have something for friends to use when visiting.
we were lucky enough to have friends who were able to lend us a high chair for the first few months my son began eating solid food.
first, i learned what a pita it is to fit a real high chair (of the stand alone, reclinable, padded variety) into a small space and try to maneuver around it.
i'm docking a star because you might as well forget about the dishwasher safe tray.
and since the back and tray are both removable, i'll be using it for years to come!
i love, love, love this booster chair.
our son is a bit small and using restaurant high chairs are a pain.
this seat is so easy to use and is perfect for using in a restaurant or taking over to grandma's house.
it folds into a nice carrying position and quickly and easily unfolds into a chair.
the tray is the perfect size and is very easy to clean (and can be put in the dishwasher and fit in the dishwasher unlike many highchair trays).
there are no nooks or crannies for food to get stuck so its super easy to clean the seat as well.
this is great for on the go!
and your tray is always clean!
she's comfortable and able to sit well in it.
prior to using this chair, we used the infant seat for a couple of months.
excellent value!!!
the tray is much smaller (easy clean up) and covers the base (again, easy clean up).
the tray is at his tummy level, instead of up in his armpits, making it easy for him to handle his food.
i bought this as a gift and they love it.
both of their children seem to fit comfortably and have no problems in it.
the tray is nice and it cleans up well.
works great!
easy to clean, easy to use and easy to take along.
i take it with us to church potlucks and my son can eat right with everyone.
super easy to wipe clean.
we also like that the top tray is dishwasher safe.
we use it both with the tray and just up next to the table and it works well both ways.
we put the food directly on the beige part of the tray and just wash it by hand (though i would think it could also go in the dishwasher if you wanted).
also, when we use it without the tray and have him at the table, he can reach the safety straps and has gotten food all over them.
unlike the seat, the straps are not easy to clean!
i still love the seat and would recommend it to anyone.
the majority of the time, this stays buckled into one of our dining room chairs and our daughter sits at the table with us and her food while we eat ours.
it's easy to carry and the straps are easy to work, which is important for being able to take it places.
definitely recommend to anyone wanting an easy, functional seat.
my mom got this to have at her house when my son starting eating solid foods, probably around 5 or 6 months.
he loves carefully placing his cup in the contoured tray.
it's great and has long term use.
i think this is a great seat.
it's all plastic so easy to clean, two trays, one removeable to put in dishwasher and a cover to keep them both clean.
this booster is solid, built nicely and does what its suppose to be but it is not travel friendly.
easy to use, clean, take along, adjust.
we love this chair.
the leg adjustments allow him to be at the right height.
my husband and i love the fact that this comes with its own removable feeding tray.
really love this seat.
attaches to the chair in seconds with two simple snaps for the chair seat and chair back, makes removal for cleaning a snap.
this was truly one of my most valued purchases.
this booster seat is perfect.
it is made of study plastic, which makes for very easy clean up.
the tray snaps on easily.
my son was very quick to pull the white tray insert out.
we will be retiring her other high chair to use this one.
our only wish is for a better locking system on the tray.
other than that, i love that it grows with her and can help bring her closer to the table.
our daughter fits great in it.
it's a great price for a booster that can attach to a chair and has a tray.
easy to install/connect to a basic dining chair.
it's really easy to set up, the two tray covers are dishwasher safe, it's generally easy to clean, and it folds down pretty small.
but, it was so great that i ended up throwing it in my suitcase and bringing it home so that i could have it when we traveled elsewhere!
also - for the price???
for us, for a few weeks a year, these things aren't a huge deal, especially for just a few weeks a year.
this is really the perfect high chair.
we love it.
better yet, the straps are well attached, so they don't fall out (like safety first's did) so it's always easy to attach it and detach it properly, every time, without fail.it is exceedingly portable.
makes loading and unloading from a trip ultra fast.
unpacking it is just as easy, and they did the brilliant extra touch of a lid to keep the high chair tray clean on the go.
very easy cleanup.the tray snaps on easily and snaps off, but the baby can't do it without our help.
perfect.
with a small baby who needs to grow, we especially like this feature.the smaller tray is actually a plus for motor skills--our baby can, unlike with her big graco high chair, reach every point on the tray with her hands, so she isn't constantly frustrated by pushing food just out of reach.anyway, i love this so much i'm buying a second one for my house so we don't have to deal with our safety first chair anymore.
i still haven't figured that out on the other one, and now that i'm buying a second one, i won't have to!eta: we now have three of these, one for my sister's tiny little girl (13 pounds at 7 months old) at our house and at my mother's house, and one for my 35 pound 4 year old, who still fits.
we rarely use the feeder tray anymore, the base and blue tray are just fine and clean easily enough.eta#2: have owned these now for what, 8 years, with three different children.
my youngest is two now, and 30 pounds and still fits.
they're still in fine shape.
the booster seat was easy to carry along with to restaurants during family outings.
used at home, you could change the tray easily by adding the different covers to the main tray.
this booster chair is so portable and handy on top of being safe and secure that it's a must buy.
it's easy to adjust, easy to clean up, the food trays are just the right size for a toddler and it's easy to store.
the construction is solid but not heavy and you can use it in different ways.
the first time i used it was at dinner and the seat scooted right up to the table.
my son is now 2 and half and we are still using it, just without the tray.
i love that it can raise and lower to 3 different heights.
i love how easy the tray is to get on and off, but not easy enough that my son can do it.
i love that it has 2 straps holding it to the chair--under and around the back.
it is easy to clean, not a lot of little nooks and cranny's for food to get stuck in.
you can use one of the straps for holding it to a chair as a carrying strap.con: you'll see in other reviews that people don't like the removable tray (middle piece in the picture) because your child can pull it up and dump the food.
perhaps others find it useful.
we purchased this booster seat based on a recommendation from our friend.
i love how everything connects so easily for storage.
we keep it in the back of our trunk so that it's with us whenever we need it.
it works like a charm.
my son is comfortable in it.
there is a piece on the tray that snaps off and goes right in the dishwasher.
easy!3.
has 3 height adjustments so this seat will last from first solid (providing you're starting at the recommended 6 months.
very easy to wipe clean.
i think of the various chairs i've seen this one is the best for every day use because it wipes clean so easily.
this is a great high chair!
at first we wanted to get a modern wood chair that wouldn't look like some icky plastic crap at the table, but a friend told me to get this one.
i'm so glad we did!first, it sits securely on one of your regular chairs, so it doesn't take up additional floor space.
i guess if you have such a large family that you need every chair, that's a minus, but that was not our situation.
it's light.
i probably wouldn't take it to a restaurant, but i guess you could.third, the trays are dishwasher safe, and the cover is nice if you prepare a whole meal and the kid doesn't eat it.
the fisher-price booster seat is not one of these items.
we still have this booster seat, and instead of lugging it around to all the restaurants now, we are using it at home as a booster seat for our second child.
we use this booster with a chair, and can push our kids directly up to the table to eat with us.
highly highly recommended.
we get one of these for all of our friends' baby showers now!----------------------------------------------------i've brought my 7 month old baby to a lot of restaurants, and it always seems that the booster seats/highchairs that they provide are not safe enough for him to sit in.
i received this booster seat as a gift, and it's great!
not only does he fit in it securely, but he always has a clean eating and play area.
because i like to carry a small pair of scissors to cut up his food, i can leave the scissors in the tray with the lid on, and not have to worry about losing it!this booster seat is great - i can't recommend it enough!
it is a really great chair for a toddler.
it is super safe even with a wiggly toddler.
love it!
fantastic little booster seat.
perfect for our small home where a traditional stand alone sort of high chair just won't fit around our table (i use it on an ikea stefan chair).
easy to adjust straps and simple to snap on to any chair.
we bought two of these for our infant twins, based off of all the positive reviews.
we love them.
they're perfect.
they're light and we'd be able to cart them around easily if needed.
this chair / booster is fantastic!
we originally bought the baby bjorn chair and we are very happy with it, but this one costs 10 times less than the bjorn and works just as well, with all the parts washable and the trays easily removable and washable.
it's easy to secure, comfortable and grows with the child.
we have been highly satisfied with this booster seat for our son.
we have traveled with it and it fit great inside our suitcase.
we dont use the white feeding tray bc it can be easily pulled off by our son (toddlers have strong grips!)
but it works just great without it!
:)
love this.
low profile enough to easily slide under our table, convenient fold and go feature, cleans easily.
if i want to use it like a traditional high-chair i still can though.
just snap on the tray and use it on its own.
we love this chair.
our 14 month old is very comfortable in it and enjoys eating in it.
great buy!
we have the good fortune of taking our 8 month old daughter to work with us at our family owned business.
we liked it so much we came back and bought a second chair for home.
cleanup is super easy.
it also seems that she will have plenty of room to grow in this seat.great chair and great price!
at first we used this as our only highchair at home.
we also take it with us to restaurants.
we put it right on the table so the baby's at eye level and she entertains herself with toys or finger foods so that my husband and i can eat for a change!
we love this booster seat.
i got it when my son was 6 months old and we are still using it for him at 16 months of age.
it folds up very nicely and one of the straps to hold it onto the chair doubles as a shoulder strap for carrying.
it is very easy to clean and having a cover for the tray is nice so that the tray doesn't get dirty when you travel with it.it has a very nice restraint system.
it is easy to remove the tray completely to use it as solely a booster seat.
it's very durable and has withstood a lot of abuse over time.i've used this seat everywhere with my son: restaurants, over at friends' houses, as a spare seat when we have lots of babies over at our house, and it even fits nicely on a those folding captain's chairs while we are out camping.
i absolutely love this booster seat!
it fits securely to my kitchen chair, it is very easy to remove the tray in order to place the child in the seat, and the plastic makes clean up a breeze.
it folds into a traveling seat which worked wonderfully when we were moving.
from this, i can definitely say they are indestructible (by the hands of a toddler) but i wish he couldn't remove it so easily.
we love this seat, it is compact enough to take to restaurants or anywhere you may need it.
the tray is really nice and the cover is a great option.
this booster seat is awesome!
going out is a cinch - the best part is it stays adjusted to your child and you don't have to worry about them touching a dirty high chair or table.
great investment and i'd definitely say it's one of my favorite baby gear items!
what the heck, right?
so far it's been great.
our son loves sitting in it and playing with his toys, either on the floor or on a chair while we eat, and it packs up so we can easily take it to friends' houses.
my grandson, 14 months, uses this chair daily.
he is comfortable and safe in it.
hopefully as he ages, this will cease to be a game and we can use the insert again.
last night we had dinner at our friends' house, and how easy was it to pack up, one strap holds everything together, one strap acts as a shoulder strap.
he had dinner with the rest of us, played with his toy on the clean lower tray when he finished eating, and a grand time was had by all.
so so so easy.
i also love the removable abd washable tray for food, additionally the tray has a cover - like tupperware - if you need to store it in the refer.
the '3rd' or bottom tray is easy to clean, removable also.
all-plastic parts for easy cleaning!update at 7mos (july 04) - this has been a great buy.
still using handtowels to keep him from leaning over sides too far - but is used 3x/day for feeding & is great.
also fantastic for travel to gma & gpa's!
started using regularly around 5 mos & will last a while i'm sure!update at 1 yr: still use occasionally, but found a full-size folding high-char that we love.
still, the booster seat is great for travel to relatives!update at 2.5 yrs: still using it!
and it's been great with baby #2 also!
easy to take to restaurants or to relatives.
love this high chair!pros:- love the 3 layer tray.
the lid can cover the tray for easy storage of uneaten food.
it also has a drink holder.
i love that it's nice neutral colors and not super bright kid colors.
very reasonable in price and i have got two now, for two homes.it is relatively safe and easy to carry around.
the best.
easy to take to restaurants, babysitters', grandmas', picnics, etc.
i've started giving this at baby showers because it is that awesome & useful.ps i've seen it at target & walmart in a nice cream/tan/maroon color scheme this year.
this high chair is great.
i decided to order this one on amazon since the reviews were good and what an improvement!the tray comes on and off easily on this one which is nice.
i like that it has a removeable dishwasher safe tray and you can still use the tray underneath while you are washing the top.
sometimes we just use it without the tray as a booster seat.
this brown/tan color is very nice and neutral, would blend in with any decor.can't think of anything negative about this one.
my mother-in-law keeps offering to buy me a high chair, and i tell her the honest truth:  i am thrilled with this little booster seat, and i have no desire to bring a big traditional high chair into our small dining room.
he is now 14 months, and it is still perfect.
the tray is just the right height.
my son has always been a big, chubby baby, but we still use the tray on the middle of the three settings, so i'm not worried that he will feel constricted as he grows bigger.
the chair is easy to clean, and it looks cute attached to one of our dining chairs.
this seat is awesome.
so easy to use and clean.
wipes up easily on the sides where her food-dirtied hands touch, and the other peices clip right off and fit into our dish washer - easy breezy!
love this and highly recommend.
works great and saves us the space that our high chair used to take up.
i used to have a nice peg perego high chair for my son.
it straps easily onto a chair and doesn't move.
this is nice and compact and easy to clean.
this is the perfect little seat.
very compact and portable.
clips onto chairs with two easy clicks.
it slides right under the table like the rest of the chairs if the tray is removed.
but all in all this was a great purchase and i highly recommend it!
even took it with us today to get her hair cut.
it was a perfect booster and so easy to grab it and go.
for us it was a perfect choice.
turned around and he took the tray right off and dumped his food everywhere.
it only latches on one side (at least mine does, not sure if this is a defect) and my son is able to pull the tray right off.
it folds easily and compactly, which makes it perfect for my parents to throw in a closet until the next time we visit.
i love the carrying strap and can tell my son will be using this for years to come.
i absolutely love this one!!!
she is now 2.5 and still using this seat.
my husband is notorious for not wiping off the booster after feeding our daughter and i can come along the next day and wipe the dried on food right off this seat.
even crayon has come off easily (with a magic eraser.)
i love how my daughter can be right up at the table with us.
i also love the adjustable height on this and it secured to our kitchen chair very well.
all the straps are easy to adjust as well.
we don't use that part or the "cover" as the tray is so easy to clean.
the straps attach so easily.
i love this seat and would recommend it to everyone.
may even buy it for a friend's shower
this is a great booster seat that my infant will use into toddlerhood.
the chair is easy to clean, attractive and stores away quickly.
perfect solution for a small apartment instead of buying a high chair and booster seat later.
i bought this seat for my daughter, who is two years old.
i felt this might be a better option and i'm so glad i bought it.
the height is adjustable, which is great because my table has a wide lip.
the seat fits perfectly, and i can even tuck the chair in under the table when she's not sitting in it.
it has worked out great for us.
she loves feeling more like a big kid in this booster.
it's easy to clean and use.
our daughter can use this and still slide close to the table to eat or do crafts.
the adjustable height is wonderful.
easy to take to relatives or a restaurant.
since the chair was facing the dining table, she ended up busting her lip right on the edge of the glass table.
and insist on it if you're visiting others (we are often too polite for our own good).
love this.
this is so easy to clean and i attach it right to our counter height kitchen chairs.
i can remove it if needed and it bundles right up for easy storage.
it folds down and you can use the safety straps like a carry strap.
love it.
* easy to clean- it's plastic.
the tray drops in the dishwasher and the seat gets hosed off right in the sink.
love that!
you will too if you have a kid like mine who can smear sticky substances with the best of 'em!
* snap on tray- when i'm at the table with her she uses this as a booster.
yes- i love it.
i love it a lot!
love!i have a 6 mo that is just beginning solid food.
it attaches securely to our dining room chairs and is super easy to clean..you can throw the whole thing in the sink and wipe it/spray it.
i love that it's portable and we can takeit on vacation, to restaurants, and weddings/showers/birthdays, etc.
i'm super pleased with the purchase and wish i would have made the switch sooner.
we got this chair to replace the clamp on chicco that we had (which we also loved) because my son started to try to climb out of it and the safety strapping was insufficient in that regard.
this chair is convenient, portable, easy to care for/clean and keeps my son safely seated.
the one thing that i would say could use a slight improvement is that the second snap-in tray with the lid - while very nice - has a limited life (at least for our family) as my son soon figured out how to detach it and would tilt it up and the whole tray of food would slide onto the floor leaving a big mess.
we take this to restaurants and it works really well (so much better than the restaurant provided high chairs) because he is in his own chair, safely secured and a safe distance from tablecloths, flatware, glasses, etc, while still being included and comfortable.
super easy to wash.
it was indispensable when we were traveling the county when my son was first born.
great for home, restaurants, play dates.
i love this booster seat i actually purchased 2 of them one for myself to always keep in my car for family visits and one for at my kids grandmothers.
it works well to secure the child in to the seat to a normal kitchen chair you will find in most homes.
i highly recomend it and use this as my go to baby shower gift also.
we use this when we are visiting family, friends, and going out to eat.
the booster feature is great too for dining at the table with grown ups.
i wish i bought this chair in the first place, real easy to move around, not bulky, adjusts hight and you can use a tray or pull it to the table.
nice!
seems pretty small and not durable.
it wipes clean.
now she is 19 months and we use this for restaurants.
and it's easy to install on pretty much any chair.
now there are crayon marks.
it is easy and convenient to carry anywhere.
i love the trays (2).
it does indeed fit in a large suitcase, so it was perfect for it's first intended use.
we currently keep it in the trunk of our car for use in restaurants (when we don't want to use their high chairs) and for use at friends' houses.
our son was 7 months old when we bought it, and he is now a year old and it still works great.
we use it both with the tray and as a booster to our table.
love it!
we use it three times a day, every day.
when we go out to eat we bring it with us because it is so light, easy to carry (back strap acts as shoulder strap), easy to attach to chairs (we have yet to find a chair that it doesn't work on).
it is very easy to clean, with no nooks and our son loves sitting in it (and i need him to stay for a while after he eats, otherwise he will spit up).
love it.two years later: still love it.
we used a high chair for ages 6-15 months.
i found it was very easy to secure to different chairs.
otherwise this is a good choice and very nice.
we have had 3 different booster chairs between our house and my 17 month-old daughter's 2 grandmother's houses and this one is by far the best.
i won't restate what all the other reviewers have said because i agree with all of them, but i will list the reasons i love this chair over all the others:1) it has 3 height settings to use with different tables or chairs.
others that have the attached tray must be used with the tray at all times.
tight and secure in seconds.3) this chair folds up so easily and you can lengthen one of the straps to carry it over your shoulder.
this is made of thick, sturdy plastic and still looks new after being taken on our past 4 trips (in and out of houses, hotels, restaurants and the car).i highly recommend this booster!
i purchased this seat for my parents house, since they talk my daughter once and while (she was a year, at the time of the purchase).
they use it all the time and take it with them at various restaurants and have used it for vacation.
it's a great mini high chair.
this booster folds into a nice compact square for transporting.
the chair secures to most common dining chairs (not ideal for booths).
there is also the option of raising or lower the legs beneath to help get the right height for the table so baby is part of the family.
the white tray insert fits snuggly and can be removed and placed right into the dishwasher so i use it with the insert most of the time.
we take it everywhere and i have been able to securely strap this chair to seats everywhere, including a 6 hour ferry ride!
i will give this as a baby gift at every baby shower i go to because i really think it is one of my top 5 favorite things for my son!
this seat is great, it has the features of a highchair but it doesn't take up the space a highchair does.
it's all plastic which makes cleanups so much easier than the traditional highchairs.
it is small and folds in half, handy for travel and storage.
the seat has 3 height positions, so it will grow with your toddler.
i have the seat in red/white and it came with 3 trays (the lid to the keep the booster seat tray clean is a nice feature).
my sons loves this seat, he is so excited to eat at the table with the grownups like a big boy.
it is a very inexpensive and functional seat which takes up little space.
also it adjusts in many ways which accommodates a growing baby.
very happy with this purchase.
we have a full-size highchair at home (peg perego prima pappa) that we love--but this booster is fantastic for when we visit family or for when we have an extra child at our house at mealtime.
although we still use our full-size highchair on a daily basis, it isn't really necessary now that our child is a toddler...a toddler really could use this booster as her only chair.we never have found a chair we can't strap this booster on to and it always has been very sturdy.
the harness straps are adjustable and the tray has three different settings to accomodate a variety of tummy sizes.
my 33lb 37inch child still fits comfortably into this seat.we have used the chair outside to keep our daughter contained during a picnic, but it really isn't designed for that use--we had to be very careful that she didn't push off with her legs and tip the chair backward.we bring the chair with us when we visit relatives, but this would be something great for grandparents to purchase to keep at their house.
with two boys 18 months apart we weren't ready for our 2 year old to move to just the chair now that our 6 month old is ready to eat solids.
instead i bought a second fisher-price booster and we are very happy with it.
it is so portable with the handy over the shoulder strap that is attached.
just a wonderful babyshower gift but keep in mind that this is possibly not for a large child.
::cons::.-can't push chair into the table all the way, especially with trays on, at height setting 3-top (blue) tray is kind of uselessupdate 3/17/14:so after some use, i still like this chair but see some issues.
the white tray that goes on top of the beige tray is very easy to remove and sometimes my toddler will pull it off herself resulting in whatever was on that tray being thrown everywhere.
i purchased this booster for my 6 months old son and we both love it :) not to mention the super easy cleaning!
the booster is not only used as a travel feeding chair but also as a "play chair" - my son can stay in it for a while.
the comfort of feeding the baby outdoors in a comfortable chair is tremendous.
i give the booster 5 stars and highly recommend it!
it is a compact space saving booster seat that suits our needs well.
not sure what more we needed!
we received this item second hand from our friend as there wasn't much space in our eating areas for a large high chair.
finally he didn't need it anymore and now it will soon be our daughters turn.
easy to clean, very durable, cheaper than a bulky high chair and right at the table from the beginning.
nice!
it doesn't even fit a kid-type plate with compartments.
it says it's for ages 6 months and up...
this has been working great for us.
it hasn't scratched our wooden chair.
we are using this one more at home to give our lg a &#34;place&#34; at the table.
with the tray table in tact, i can slide him under the kitchen table and feel that he is protected from falling out.
it's lightweight and easy to attach to a chair.
the slick plastic material is easy to clean off, and i love that it doesn't take up much space.
this chair is just what you want it to be - simple, sturdy, easy to clean, portable, and inexpensive.
great purchase.
i've been using the seat for my 7-month-old baby for 1 month, and i'm very happy with it.
i love the colors.
it's easy to clean.
everything works well.
i have to take 1 star because 1)i haven't used it long enough and 2)it's different from the picture on amazon - the lumbar part of the seat doesn't have a hole.
my baby is a year old and likes his new booster very much.
this is a great chair.
unlike the picture (and as many posters have said), mine doesn't have the cut-out hole in the red-back, though not a big deal.
we love it.
i'm confident it will work fine on the go.
small.
our other seat is massive and the base barley fit on to our kitchen chairs.
easy maintenance.
unlike other booster seats the locking trays and the removable tray and the removable tray cover all fit into the dishwasher.
it has three, yes three!, levels of boostability.
it's a great booster.
this is a great chair.
it is very easy to use and wipes up easy.
we have had a lot of use out of this and it works on many different types of chairs, it is sturdy.
my son is 2 1/2 and he still fits well into it.
i bought this about a year ago for my son.
this is the greatest piece of baby gear i have ever purchased.
i love how easy it is use.
it's super easy to adjust the straps and the height of the legs, as well as attach/detach from the chair.
you can use it with or with out the tray, so you can push baby all the way up to the table and eat together as a family.
it's portable, and 'folds' into a compact size, the back of the seat folds down (and is also removable) and the tray snaps on the seat.
you use one of the straps to carry it.
this chair made my life easier!
easy to clean, and basically i can put it anywhere: on the floor, on the chair, and best of all on the go!my husband loves to dine out.
this is easy to clean (we do not use the tray) and holds him firmly in his chair.
i'm happy with the purchase and where he is 16 mos old, we will get a lot of use from this.
this is one of my favorite baby products.
we have a tiny kitchen with a small island that has two stools for my husband and myself.
this seat is sturdy enough that we can sit it on top of the island and feed baby.
whenever we travel to the grandparents' or a friend's we have our "high chair" ready to use.
also, this chair is much cheaper than any high chair on the market.highly, highly recommended.
i love that the tray can go in the dishwasher.
the seat straps securely into a chair.
i also appreciate how easy it is to clean, with no nooks and crevices to get food permanently stuck in.it is easy to use and priced well.
for the time being, i am pretty happy with it.
you can use it with or without the tray.
has different heights so you can use from baby to toddler.
we bought this as seat to keep at our parents house for when we visit (~5 times a year).
it works perfectly on their chairs and is small enough for them to put away when we leave.
not sure if it work for us on an every day basis, but it works great for those visits.
instead of purchasing a traditional highchair, we wanted a more cost-effective, space-saving, portable option.
the fisher price healthy care booster seat turned out to be perfect for us!
our son was able to sit-up supported in this booster seat at 4 months old (a couple months before he could sit on his own).
it fits on smaller chairs than thefisher-price space saver high chair(which is also a good option).
the healthy care booster seat also weighs next-to-nothing and the backrest folds down- perfect for throwing in the car to take to a restaurant or traveling with on an airplane.
small, lightweight.
easy to clean.
it's great for trips to my in-laws and restaurants so my son doesn't have to use the nasty ones that are never cleaned at restaurants.
we use this as our normal highchair.
it folds down pretty small to store in guest bedroom closet and we have taken it with us when we went out to eat because it's nice to have the tray to put small food items on for her to eat and/or toys for her to play with.
i also like that it will grow with her by not using the tray.
love that is adjustable in height also.
my son sits in something similar to this at daycare for his meals, and i decided to pick one up for when we visit grandma, restaurants, friend's houses that no longer or don't yet have small children and a booster or highchair available.
this booster is great.
i'm not sure why it has the tray cover, but the removable insert (middle) with the cup holder is nice.
not necessary, but nice.
highly recommended.
i like this more than my regular highchair.update 1-12-14my son is now 18 months.
it's been so easy to clean, travel with, and use as a booster.
this is perfect, fits the chair great, i love the tray that comes off to wash it and it clean well and i don't have to worry about any material getting dirty.
first, goes on a chair, very simple design.
in fact, you can easily unstrap the chair put into sink and wash it off fast.
for a sahd with three kids, i need fast and easy.
our first house had a huge kitchen and dining room but our new house didn't!
i started looking at boosters and this was the best we found!the tray is awesome!
it makes feeding her a snap.
she then sits at the table with us and eats.
it's also great for potlucks!it can be adjusted to fit almost every table.
we've used it at church, home, grandma's and friend's house and we've yet to find a table it won't adjust to fit.
we've used it without and without the tray and she fits fine everywhere.it is also super portable!
in fact one of our favorite restaurants (small family owned place) bought a couple of these to use as boosters after seeing ours.these seats really are great whether your cramped for space or just ready to move up to a big kid seat!
granted that isn't what the cover is intended for, but hey whatever makes the little ones happy while you're preparing their food, right?the quality appears to be sturdy and assembly was very easy.
can't beat this seat.
versatile.
we have two for both kids.
i always pop the tray in the dishwasher.
i originally purchased this one for our granddaughter (since we too have a counter height kitchen table) who was 9 months and it was perfect for her!
now that our grandchildren are 2 1/2 and 1 1/2 it is perfect for them still.
i highly recommend this for grandparents, people who do not have children as it is so handy to pull out and use for company that has little one/toddlers.
these are great high-chairs.
it does collapse relatively well, but we don't use it for restaurants or travel because it's still pretty bulky.
it's easy to clean.
these are great seats.
i finally got sick of cleaning all the nooks and crannies filled with gross, mashed up food with our regular high chair and just purchased this booster instead.
a year later, we still keep that booster in our car and use it every time we go out to eat.
and my son behaves much better when he's secured into this booster.
i was hoping we'd be able to use the tray insert interchangeably on both of them, but they are slightly different and won't work interchangeably.
it wipes clean easily and there's no where for food to get caught.
i loved the idea that it folded up, had a carrying strap, could come apart easily to clean, and the different trays.
i returned and bought him a reclining seat with a higher back.
i'm happy, baby's happy.
fits in seat, is great to be so easily portable from kitchen to dining room.
as much as i love my eb highchairs i didnt want to be loading them up to travel to visit family.
its easy to get on the chair, its easy to get the babies in and out, easy to clean and most of all it stays very secure on the chair.
my daughter loves this seat!
my daughter is incredibly strong and she can't even undo the top of it.very happy mommy!!
the deluxe booster seat (dbs) is a lot more compact that its big brother, the space saver high chair (sshc), and i actually prefer it.
what follows is a comparison between the dbs and the sshc.features of the sshc:reclinesremovable padded cloth coverremovable upper straps for a 5-point harnessremovable seat backfull-sized tray with one-handed removalthe seat in the sshc is rounded to allow for the chair to recline.
the seat is also very deep, and has a large pommel.
the pommel prevents my three-year-old child from being able to easily climb into and out of the chair.
and while it advertises a one-handed removal, you almost always have to use two hands.
the size of the tray makes it difficult to wash (while dishwasher safe, it's so big it's not going to fit in your dishwasher so plan on washing by hand), and it won't balance in our dish drain, so we almost always end up toweling it off immediately.
these arms make the booster seat very wide (even without the tray), and prevent the chair from being able to be pushed up to the table for an older child's use as just a booster.features of the dbs:compact and fold-able for easy transportthree-point harnessadjustable seat heightadjustable snap-on tray with inset and coverthe seat in the dbs is right angled, more shallow and narrow, has a small pommel, and a much lower back.
my child sits much more comfortably in this chair, and the tray is at a great height for him to be able to easily feed himself.
the dbs tray is much smaller, yet still has plenty of room for my child's food and drink.
the simplicity of the dbs helps it to be a better seat for any age.
however, my children are on the lower end of the charts, and the dbs works well for both my one-year-old and my three-year-old.
it makes eating out with our 9 month old so much more enjoyable!
my daughter insisted on chewing/sucking on the trays and tables in restaurants.
)i have also tried those fabric seat covers.
they are very nice for shopping carts, but not so great for dining out b/c :  1) they cover only the seat, not the eating surface, and 2) they get dirty and aren't easily cleaned after each use.
(the softness is nice though, as well as the attached toys.
)unlike the alteratives, this booster seat is wonderful.
it is very easy to attach to all sizes of chairs (one strap clicks under the chair, and another behind the chairback.
she enjoys playing with her toys in the chair, and she can spread out her food on her own tray...no icky residue from other babies!another very nice feature is the cover for the tray.
you just snap on the lid, and take it home to clean.
not only is it cleaner, it is more convenient to have her right at the table with us in a regular chair.
it is one of my favorite buys for my baby.
we love this booster seat.
we like the booster seat so much we decided we didn&#8217;t need a high chair.
we got a 2nd one as a &#8220;traveling&#8221; booster seat.
the colors are nice and the seat doesn&#8217;t take over the dining room like a high chair would.
i generally put a blanket or burp cloth on the back of the real chair so that his head hits something soft and not the bare wood.
i am very happy with the purchase of this seat.
i like that it is portable and has a special strap for carrying.
it also has two trays, one with a cup holder that snaps onto the main tray.
i can start with the top one for breakfast, use the second one for lunch, and wash them before dinner.
the trays are dishwasher safe, which is great, and the seat itself is easy to wipe down because it is all plastic.
i like that my daughter can sit right at the table with the family.
the price is perfect and so is the chair.
one of our must-haves for sure!
but it always was secure, straps are adjustable and easy to use.
this is one of our most used baby items.
we use it at the dinner table and tote it with us to restaurants.
it's easy to tote and clip on to all sorts of chairs.
it's super easy to clean and fits our son just great.
it's amazing that it's only about $20!
i highly recommend this seat.
i've had this seat for a few months now and love it!!!
love love love it!!!
so far, i have kept it at the highest height and that has worked perfect for sitting it on a chair as a booster - at the highest height, i am still able to slide the whole seat with the tray on it, under the table while it is on the chair.
trays can go right in the dishwasher if you want.it is sturdy enough.
i am not concerned that anything will crack or break.the color scheme is very neutral and nice looking.price is definitely good and i feel like it is such a great value since it is such a versatile item.
definitely one of the best baby products i have chosen and i am so glad i bought it.
i love it!
it's not fancy, but it is easy to clean and it buts snugly on most chairs.
what a great booster!
my baby loves it and i love the fact that it's so easy to clean!
5 stars for the quality and price ($25.90)
while my husband and i were registering for baby items for the birth of our first child, inevitably, a highchair was thrown into the mix.
family and friends *insisted* we needed one.
this turned out to be a good thing.shortly afterward, our daughter was born, and immersed in the daily duties of being new parents, we didn't think much about a highchair again until we began feeding our daughter solid foods.
i am happy with the booster seat.
attaching the tray can be trick since you cannot snap both sides in at the same time.
very easy to clean and the cream tray is dishwashable.
overall happy with the purchase.
love this seat!
portable and easy to clean.
we were concerned about space in our small house and the footprint of one of the big, nice high chairs.
don't get me wrong those big cushy highchairs are super plush and we love them, but this little seat has a lot going for it and is a great alternative to the traditional chairs.
so far this little seat has been a great buy for us and i highly recommend it.
especially if there is slimy kid food everywhere.
he sits in it just fine and it is super easy to use and clean.
i've seen people bring it to playgroups, restaurants, etc.
it fits perfectly on our chairs and i can push her right up to the table and counter without the tray.
my daughter seems to fit in it perfectly even though she's really small.
it has definitely gotten some very good use and i don't see myself buying a different (better) booster anytime soon, but there are certainly some features about it that i hate.
easy to adjust.- safety straps to secure baby in seat as well as secure seat to chair are easy to use.- removable tray makes for easier clean up.- small and great for travel.
we take this with us when visiting relatives' houses and it's perfect for that.cons:- i hate the way the washable tray secures onto the base tray.
that means if your tray is full of liquid or food, prepare for it fly off all over the place.
with all the food and liquid that spills all over, the straps are disgusting.
we got this for the grandparents house and it is suiting our needs perfectly!
small enough to be out of the way, easy to clean up, and it is secure for our daughter in a chair.
we have a counter depth table with a 3-4 inch apron and the adjustment is great for us as it will allow her little legs to clear once she actually joins us at our table.please keep in mind that this chair is less than $25 ...... but for our needs, it seems like a wonderful solution to a traditional high chair.
heaven knows i have accumulated enough things with my granddaughter ..... so having something i can stick out of sight when not is use in a great big thumbs off for me.thanks for reading and hope this helps.
although, i prefer the fisher price ones with cloth, comfier for the baby, but at least double the price
easy to set up, easy to clean, easy to take with you!
there isn't much we don't love about this booster seat.
also love that you can adjust the height of the chair.
we had the older version from our first child who is 5 years old but never use it because we love all the improvements with this model.
she does it in our home,  with limited space, she does appreciate that it is compact and light.
there are two straps to make it well secured on a chair.
(just make sure that you choose a very stable chair.)
one strap holds the chair below around the seat of the chair and the other vertically straps the booster seat around the back support.
you will see three red buttons on each side.
you just push the left and right buttons, lift the tab, to adjust the tray.the baby strap is a three-point harness, it can be adjusted as your baby is growing.a great feature is the removable tray, you can prepare the baby's food on the tray, then place it with the baby when he is properly secured and ready to eat.
also, if you want to bring the booster seat with you to a restaurant, it is easy to carry as the bottom straps doubles as a shoulder carry on.
we just used this for the first time over the weekend with our 7-month old.
it was fantastic.
i did not realize that when i bought it, so it was an added bonus when i read that in the manual.i am very happy with this purchase and will recommend it to all of my mommy friends.
i purchased this for my 2 year old son.
it's really easy to clean and i love that it hooks to my regular chairs.
made of good quality, very secure for an active baby to ensure they can't climb out!
comes with a handy tray
great seat for a baby/toddler daily meals.
my 2 year old great grandson was here the other day and it worked great for him as a highchair (strapped to one of our kitchen chairs).
since there are many young children and babies in our family (who are frequently here) it is nice to have this as a backup in addition to our full-sized high chair.
very sturdy yet easy to fold up to be very compact when not in use.
it will also work well with a table that does not have a skirt to block it from scooting up to your table.
this is nice to have because its easy to take with her where ever she goes and the tray topper is convenient to keep her highchair clean until its time to serve food.
we chose this booster seat to use as our "high chair" for feedings based on the positive reviews it received on amazon and a limited amount of space available in our dining area.
neither are great options, so beware to taller parents!besides these two issues, we find this seat a good value.
it keeps the baby safe and secure, seems comfortable for the baby, is very easy to wipe down, is easily transportable to use at grandma's house or at restaurants, and comes with dishwasher-safe divider tray with a cover.
also, for those of you without a lot of space or who just don't want a huge high chair sitting around, the booster chair slides easily under our table (while secured to the chair) when not being used.
love this!
how awesome is that?!
my baby fits in it very comfortably - it is just his size.
we can easily pack it up and take it to a resturaunt and he is so happy to sit in his little seat, smack the tray, play with his toys, eat his cheerios - we are able to eat out in public again.
you can always feed your baby in his bouncy, if he needs a reclining feeding seat.it does seem a little small to fit a toddler into, but once the tray is removed and it is used as just a booster seat, it will probably be fine.
works just fine.
we have also purchased countless more of these chair to give as gifts for new parents.
the pieces are all easy to clean and the straps keep the chair sturdy on chairs.
highly recommend!
in the baby gear essentials category you'll find a stroller shopping guide, crib buying guide, and a comprehensive article about what you need versus what you don't need (especially if you're a minimalist).
i love how it extends three heights, so it can still grow with him.
(he is 27 lbs and 33 inches and he fits great, although he is a little small for his age according to "averages" i think there is def.
very secure.
perfect item!
this is one of the best baby purchases i've made so far.
it is portable and so easy to set up and take down, we always bring it with us when we travel.
i would buy this seat again in a heartbeat, especially knowing that it can transition into a booster seat (without tray) for the years to come.
this has been a fantastic purchase for us.
we've been using it for several months now and it's been great.
the posture of my 8 month old baby was great on the chair.
it's fantastic.
this is awesome for travel and my son loves to sit at the table.
this booster seat is the perfect compromise.
the straps make it super secure on the chair, but it also seems pretty easy to take along with us when traveling.
we love this.
it does keep the tray underneath clean until needed.
coupled with a wipeable bib, it lets her eat with us, keeps the area relatively clean, and she's safe and happy.
i have used many highchair/booster seats and i have to say that this is one of the best.
i will be taking it to pennsylvania with me from alaska in a few months in one of our suitcases.
i have taken it on road trips and it is so nice.
we thought about bringing the bumbo but didn't want to have to put him on the floor to feed.my son was 4 months, had been sitting up for a bit and enjoyed sitting and eating mushy foods.pros: very easy to clean.
the cover for the tray is nice since this booster was travelling with us, and it kept the actual tray clean for my son's finger foods.
we use this in a regular chair with a towel underneath it.
it is so easy to transport and fold.
this one is super easy to fold and transport.
love it.
this booster is still easy to keep out of the way (push under the table part way) and is easy to clean!
this booster seat is great!
we use it at home and take it when we travel.
clean up is a snap, and i love the tray cover to keep it relatively clean while floating around in my trunk.
this is a great seat to leave at grandam's house.
we leave this seat at my mother's house and it works great when we come over for visits.
it's light weight and easy to tuck away into a closet until needed.
this is awesome.
we have two, one for each of my children.
we also take these seats with us when we go to events (like sesame street live) so the kids have a booster in the theater seats.
works great, easy to clean, grows with the child.
i loved it at first but the last four times (no matter how careful we are) catches her skin.
this seat is fantastic for people who have a small dining area and already trip over two decent-sized dogs.
it attaches to a kitchen chair and is at exactly the right height for my very large five-month-old to sit at the table - although we prefer to use the tray, since it is easier to clean.
this makes feeding a snap, and the seat fits in our sedan's trunk easily for road trips.
overall, we're very pleased.
i also did not like that this seat did not fit our dining table chairs.
the tray on this seat is very small compared to the space saver.
i don't have space for a full size high chair, this works, plus i can take it with me when we visit family
we have 4 children ages 5 and under.
it is so easy to clean.
it is very easily adjustable.
my 3 1/2 year old still fits in it.
we take it if we go to friend's or family's houses for meal times.
it is great because it compacts so easily and is very lightweight.
our friends use it for their children when they come over too and are always saying how much they love it.
it is a great booster seat!
we have odd dining room chairs and the adjustable straps make for a perfect fit.
the risers help it fit most heights needed and my kid is very comfortable.
the "fit" on this seat is so much better than a giant high chair and they are terrific for travel and so very easy to clean.
we started solids at six months and the fit was great.
love this seat.
and on the lowest setting it slides right under the table while attached to the chair and no one even knows it's there.
she can scoot right up to the table and eat with us (we don't use the tray).
she feels a like a big girl and her behavior at the table has improved.
booster is easy to clean and doesn't budge in our chairs.
we've taken the booster seat to restaurants, to visit family & friends and even camping -- it fits great in those diverse environments and different bases.
she's tall and is more like a 13 month old and this seat seemed quite comfortable.
the risers are super easy to operate and the tray is a great size.
this will serve our needs perfectly when we're not at home and i'm definitely recommending it to friends.update (almost a year later): we got rid of our high chair and have just been using this one at the dinner table for several months and still really love this chair.
our daughter is quite tall and still fits in this chair quite comfortable.
great buy.
it was easy to clean, although the nylon straps sometimes got food on them.
fast forward 2 years...
i attached this seat to one of my patio chairs on our porch this summer so that we could have family meals outside.
within 1 month in the summer heat, visible mildew grew on all of the straps...i suppose it was living off of 2 years of food residue.
fisher price is now using a high tech rubber on some of their chair straps, but they cost upward of $100, and you could buy 4 of these for that price.
just don't store it in warm places, or use outside in the heat.
fits perfectly in our dining room chair, lovely color ( i got the green & blue).
easy to clean and store.
great for traveling parents.
easy to clean!
it is so easy to tote around and to clean!
i ordered this for my nephew for his son.
nice replacement for a high chair.
it is very convenient, very useful, and very durable.
i probably would not use it as our permanent high chair at home, but for going out it is the best option i've seen.
we love it.
it's easy to clean, looks great, is out of sight when not in use, and most importantly my son sits great in it and loves it.
the fisher-price healthy care deluxe booster seat was the perfect solution.pros:- extremely affordable.- can be used as a stand alone on the floor or attaches to any chair.- can be used with the tray or remove the tray and push up to a table.- great for an assortment of ages (my niece was 5 months when i purchased it).- great quality- strong materials- easy to cleancons:- after repeated removal of the white dishwasher safe tray, it doesn't snap into place well.
this is somewhat of a design flaw because it never snapped in the front, only a bit in the back and on the sides.
my niece grabs the front and pulls it up.
i love this booster!it fits our average (maybe even smaller than average) sized kitchen chairs when other similar products did not.easy to clean, easy to use, works perfectly, etc...
honestly, no complaints.i highly recommend it for anyone living in a small space.
she's now almost 3-years-old and still fits in it and it is in like-new condition.
in fact, one of my top 10 must have kid items!
this seat is portable, easy to clean, and never in danger of being tipped over.
it straps to the chair and still slides under the table.
we store the tray in between the seat back and the chair.
we do not use the white tray or the green lid.our daughter is now 8 months old, and knows that the chair means food,  it's nice that we can bring it places and she will still know what is going on, because it's familiar to her.be careful about the little fingers getting pinched though!
this thing words perfectly.
the plastic is easy to clean off, its cost effective, portable and didn't add an entire new piece of furniture to our kitchen
this seat works great for my 9 month old son.
this works great and was a great price.
i actually returned our first one and went back and bought the fisher price healthy care highchair.
i bought this and i love it.
it had a removable tray that's great to put in the dishwasher and i also like the cover that goes on the tray to keep it clean.
well we bought one of these about 8 months ago and loved it!
we decided to take it over to the grand parents and there it stayed!
our son is pretty laid back though and not much of a squirmer.
it will stain the brown as well, but it's not as noticeable.
both will become more and more faint over time if you don't reintroduce more red sauces.
we purchased this to keep at my parent's house since they live in a different state.
it is simple to use, clean up, and is easily trasportable.
we are very happy with this booster seat.
started training our baby girl to sit at the table with us when she was about four months old and she took to this very well.
we had to prop her up a bit with some rolled up towels on the sides, since she likes to lean over and watch our dog underneath her.
for those of you who don't want your baby mouthing the table at a restaurant or the handles of the restaurant high chair or visit relatives with no children, this is great.
this seat secures nicely, is easy to stow, is convenient for everything from dining halls to the home kitchen to great-grandma's house.
gender-neutral color, cleans easily (the tray cover and removeable inserts are awesome.)
the tray is very easy to snap on and off (for an adult), and doesn't accidentally slip off when the child is in.
i bought this to keep at my mother in laws house for my son because we are over to see her quite often.
i am absolutely pleased with this seat, it's very easy to keep clean, affordable, fits to all different types of chairs, and comfortable.we keep this at granny's house and it's very easy for her to store and it's so light that she can handle it well.this is a wonderful product and i don't know what we would have done without it!!!
all different brands of highchairs, boosters, even the ones that hook on to the table.
the simplicity is it's genius.
super duper easy to clean.
this one is easy to carry, sturdy, cleans up nicely.
so easy a baby can do....my son thinks it's wonderful fun to reach across to the front of it and pull the tray up.
because of this i've decided to just use just the tray part that snaps on.
we had previously lugged our full-sized highchair to family member's houses and i wish that i would have had this.
it is fantastic!
it is portable, durable, and adjustable.
highly recommended and a great gift idea for any new or expecting parent.
it's easy to clean (most boosters have lots of cracks which collect food), and it has a removable dishwasher safe tray cover.
it folds easily for transport or storage, and it comes with a nice cover to keep the tray clean during transport.
works like a charm.
my daughter loves it at 8 months old and our niece loves the booster seat at almost 3.
great purchase.
my daughter loves it and really enjoys eating her food there.
i've tried a traditional high chair and a hook on highchair but this is by far the best.
my kid spends a lot of time at grandmas, and we needed another highchair for grandmas.
we decided to invest in this instead of a full blown high chair and are very happy with it.
it's great not to have the extra piece of furniture around the dining table.
chair is comfy and easy to clean.i didn't even try to use the white tray because of the other reviews on how easy it is for the kids to throw it on the floor.bought an extra one to keep at grandmas.
we have used it for 5months and still love it.
i have used two link toys to anchor the tray insert down- one link on each side and that works.
sturdy tray that's small enough for the dishwasher.
he fits great even with a bulky cloth diaper.
the tray has 3 positions, and he is in the middle one.
use it a lot for my 1 year old's meals.
i throw that part in the dishwasher and so far so good (about six months of at least once a day super hot water).
fits on our chair and can slide under the table when folded.-easy to clean.
this booster seat is amazingly perfect.
great buy!
i like how securely it fastens to our chair at the table.this booster folds up nicely and can easily be taken with you if you plan on going out to eat.
i will be vigilant of that next time we use it, but otherwise, really great system.
this item is better than great!
it has a removable (and dishwasher safe) upper tray which makes clean-up extra simple.
it has a height adjustment.
it fold up nice and has a handle.
enjoy!
this booster seat is perfect...attaches securely with almost no adjustment to the straps, wipes down like a breeze, and adjusts to accommodate a big belly.
the chair comes ready to use out of the box.
it was easy to secure it to our dining chair, 2 simple adjustable, locking straps (one around the bottom of our chair and the other around back of our chair).
it is easy to put the baby in and take him out of the chair.
the tray is small enough that he can reach his hand held foods, he is just learning to self feed so it is nice that he can not move items out of reach.
it is also easy to clean up.as far as the removable tray and cover, those i stored away.
love this chair.
now we use it for its intended purpose and it's nice and compact to take to restaurants.
also, love that is not a huge eyesore that takes up too much space.
this is easy to clean, doesn't take up space and can travel easily with you.
the seat buckles are on the bottom part of the bum on this one, unlike the red version.
id ont' like that becuase my son can lean all the way forward.
what's not to love about the fisher-price healthy care deluxe booster seat?
it's easy to clean with a wipe or two.
you can use it out, or use it at home, the adjustable straps on the side make it easy to secure this booster seat to any adult-sized chair (though we've also used this in booths at restaurants, and while it's not as secure, works just fine).and to top it off, it's affordable.
she has a big baby and he fit well.
a good pick if you have a child that is growing out of a high chair but not quite there yet.
it hooks on the kitchen chair well.
this booster seat is great for space limitations and also for smaller babies who aren't ready for a big highchair yet.
my eight month old granddaughter is petite and it fits her perfectly.
and i love that the white tray is removable and dish washer safe.
i am very happy with this purchase!
it is great because it is so easy to clean, can be used with or without tray (we use it without any tray, pulled up to the dining table with us), and my favorite part is that it has adjustable height so it will grow with him and he doesn't have to be so low right now.
it also straps under the seat, around the back of the table chair, and the child is strapped in with 3 point harness.highly recommend!
he always seemed very comfortable in it.
we love having him sit with us on the table and eat while we do.
and the extra tray is also not useful, because i usually end up washing both pieces together anyway.
it's very easy to clean.
i look forward to using it through his toddler years, and later, when we can remove the table and bring him closer to our dining table.highly recommend!!!
we got one for our firstborn and he uses it strapped to the chair at meals and on the floor, while watching cartoons for snack time.
the adjustable height lets you transition this from just-sitting-up-and-eating-solids to i-can-feed-myself-with-a-fork.
easily washable and dishwasher safe.
i bought this for my brother's family.
the baby, 6 months old, loved it and they loved it because it allowed the baby to sit at the table, the same height as us, and enjoy the dinner time while giving mom and dad a chance to eat, too.
so easy to use, and very secure.
baby and parents love it!
color is great also.
not worth exchanging for a pristine one though.
it hooks easily to our kitchen chairs or can be used on the floor.
i also like that the tray is dishwasher safe.
of course, food generally finds its way to other places besides the tray, but it is easy to wipe clean.
i am like most everyone else who has reviewed this seat in that i loved it.
the whole crew is happy.
this highchair works great for my 20 month old.
it straps right to any chair and she is happy as pie to sit and eat in it.
without the tray, it even pulls under the table enough to allow her to eat right &#34;at the table&#34; sometimes which thrills her to no end.
one is in every day use, and the other is in the trunk and is used at my mother's and any friends house..absolutly perfect!
we take it everywhere with us.
my son has no issues sitting and eating in it.
plus is straps on securely to the chair that you put it on so, it's safe as well.
the plastic is good quality and the top tray is dishwasher safe.
this is a fabulous booster seat.
it is easy to clean, sturdy, and very durable.
it is a fabulous booster seat, even without the tray, so it can be used for years for one kid and shared among multiple children.
it is lightweight, easy to transport, and the tray can be washed in a dishwasher.
my daughter absolutely loves this seat.
i took it to our friends' place and also to the restaurant.
it's very light and easy to transport - it folds in seconds.
i love that it can be strapped to any chair and it it can be cleaned very easily.
fortunately it was a good choice.my baby looks comfortable in this chair, it is easy to use and clean.
she was almost 6 months old when we ordered her chair and it still makes me smile when i think about it how happy she was when she first tried it.
we ordered this booster because the one we had did not fit under our table.
this one works great.
this chair also folds up nicely and we have taken it with us to restaurants a couple times as well.
great seat, and bought at a great price.
easy to use and clean.
straps easily to most chairs.
love the portability.
also great for traveling.
the concept is great and stores compactly.
i bought it for my 2 months baby boy^ but it looks so cute and good quality
this booster seat is great!
it's compact and fits securely on different types/shapes of chairs.
this is one of the best purchases that we have made for my son.
we have used it from about 9 months to now 2 years and we take it to restaurants.
my wife and i love this seat, it is easy to use, the height is adjustable, and it's easy to take anywhere.
it is by far one of the best booster seats we have ever bought.
as so as we got it we stopped using her traditional highchair, she prefers this seat.
it is so portable and love that it has 2 trays and doesn't take up additional space.
this chair may not be comfortable for young ones sitting in chairs for first time but our daughter (18 months) loves it.
this high chair does its job and is an inexpensive alternative to other high chairs with the stand.
space saver and portable its also colorful and very easy to clean.
the best feature is the portable baby unit that attaches to her crib.
it's also nice if you are entertaining and purhaps, watching a movie.
being able to monitor the baby with the lights, without the interuptions of a noisy monitor is very nice.
i love this monitor.
it just work great.
i'm pleased with this monitor.
nonetheless, it's a nice feature.nice features, works well, and goes for a reasonable price.
i think this monitor is a pretty good bet!
we now have the fisher price 900 mhz and it is the best monitor!
old daughter and a 3 mo.
old son- we love this monitor so much that we bought it for both kids.
it is so sensitive we can even hear the babies breathing- the reception is crystal clear.
we couldn't return it, and couldn't repair it.
my husband and i love this monitor.
we have a three story home and we can leave our son upstairs and we can be in the basement and feel right next to him.
plus an added bonus is both the baby and parent monitor are movable with no cords!
we love it.
i also selected it because of the included extensions.
typically it closes if you are coming back through with an armload of stuff and won't have a free hand to open it.2.
i need both hands to open it when i do have to actually open it-hopefully it will keep baby on her side when she's big enough but it is a hassle to me, especially with arms full of laundry.4.
it was easy to set up and has withstood our 1 year old son shaking it and hanging on it.
our 5 year old cannot get this open either so it works for older kids as well.
this gate works great!
although it is pricy compared to those others out there- you get what you pay for- a grand gate that is true to it's name- very tall and very secure!
i love it.
it was easy to install and i love that you can use it either as a pressurized gate or install it as a permanent gate.
it also comes with the extension parts if you have large doorway (others i learned you had to purchase separately!
).we also have large dog- 90 lb lab.
on the plus side once you get the hang of it it is very easy to open with one hand!
a very necessary feature!
i must admit it took awhile to get it installed right and level, but now it works great to block off our entire kitchen.
the top doorstop is an important piece of the gate since it prevents the door from swinging all the way through to the other side.
for instance, if this piece is broken, the gate door can swing all the way through, and if your kid is at the top of the stairs, your kid can rattle the door and accidentally fall down the stairs (*shudder*).
told her i'd like to talk to a supervisor - but you know what - not available.
just so other parents are aware of this company's "customer care" support of their product.update 5/20/13:  i took the initiative and called their cs back myself and got a completely different kind of response (positive).
a new part is being sent to me courtesy of summer.as for the other details of the gate:1.
make sure that the protective back rubber pad is in place to provide friction and to protect the surface of your paint/banister.2.
we used ours both on painted surface and wood banister, the pressure mount system actually works pretty well.3.
despite lots of use and pushing by the kids, the glossy wood finish on the banister is decently intact.
both door openings were equally wide.
both products were equally easy to install.
when this happens, it won't always self-close in one direction.3) although latch is very simple, it does require one hand to open it.
hands-free has a ramp.5) the gate misaligns easily, even when securely pressed between walls or door openings.
enough of this and it always knocks the assembly out of alignment.
by 'alignment' i mean all four pads that contact the wall must be in a perfect plane.
misalignment means one of the pads (usually the top ones) slipped.6) when the gate slams shut, it makes noise.
the danger in this is that other people may think the gate is latched and safe.
no one in america has doors narrow enough to fit the gate alone...  a gate + 1 extension equals the price of the tall gate.2) not self-closing.
we were moving into a two-story house and needed a great pressure mounted gate for the bottom of the stairs.
after a few more misses, i bought this one and i love it!
it works perfectly in our home and i am completely pleased with it!
it took two hands and quite some force before it would open.
this is easy to use and maintain.
it is sturdy for a gate that is pressure mounted.
the latch is complex enough to befuddle 2yos, but simple enough for any adult to handle.
love it!!!
it is also tall which is nice.
easy to install and use.
overall, we are happy with the purchase.
louder still is the sound it makes when i shut the gate.
i've had the older model of this at the top of my stairs for my first kiddo and am incredibly pleased with its durability.
so, when we needed another one for the foot of the stairs to keep my super crawler second kiddo from going up the stairs and it works great.
super sturdy, adjusted to space well, and the auto close is a great feature to make sure baby stays safe.
both are great gates (and even though they are different brands they are nearly identical in parts, mechanics, etc).even without the optional mounting cups (which can be screwed into the wall for extra security) this gate is very sturdy and should be able to stand up to your typical 2 year old (i said typical - i know there are exceptions!!).
to open the gate you have to press the top button and lift up quite a bit -- i am not so sure a 2-year old would be able to figure that out.
the gate stands about 36" tall, so an average toddler would be able to touch the top of the gate with their hand.i like this gate, but if you are only looking to gate off a bedroom doorway there is a cheaper/better alternative (the other gate i own):dreambaby extra tall swing closed safety gate, whitethis gate is normally around $10 cheaper than the summer infant gate and is about 4" taller!
the summer infant gate comes with two extension pieces.both gates are good, i would be happy with either!
i love safety 1st products, but this one didn't work well for us.
so i purchased this summer infant gate and it works like a charm.
we use it in an extra-wide doorway between our dining room and kitchen to keep our dog and cat out of the living room.
the lift-up mechanism works easily and is perfect for one-handed use, and the magnet at the bottom of the gate is a great feature.
it locks & is very easy to open with 1 hand which i need because i have a newborn but i need to lock it myself, it doesn't lock on it's own as described.
****i'm happy with this gate but if you're buying it mainly because of the auto lock feature, don't!
that doesn't work.
initially this gate seemed perfect and easy for me to use.
the gate secures at the bottom and top- and the top clasp does not secure itself even when you try to help it.
i have been using this gate for over two years now and it still works great.
it was important to me to have a tall gate as my son has always been 95%+ for height.
i've never needed to use the extensions, but i appreciate that it comes with them.
he is 4 now and we still use this gate on our bathroom and he hasn't figured out how to open it yet.
i don't know how i got through that first year+ stepping over gates all the time, definitely worth the extra $$ to get one with a door.
this is i think the 5th one of these we've purchased because they are so great.
we currently have one at the top of our stairs with the brackets screwed into the wall (a must on the stairs), and we just installed a second one on the outside door frame of our daughter's room.
it fits really well in the door frame, and we can still close her door with it in place (we close her door for daytime naps, but leave it open at night).
you have to push a button to lift the handle and lift the gate over a little ledge to open it and walk thru.
however...- the hands-free step pedal is pretty cool and worked pretty easily.
think about how you will use these gates in your house and what features you will value.
good luck with your own purchase!
we used this at the top of the stairway for extra wide stairs.
the slide lever to open and close the gate is a little tough at times on your way up the stairs with a baby in your arms, but you get used to it.
it swings in both directions.
it comes with two extensions and i have used it with both extensions on it and it dosent give at all.
our house has odd openings and i can fit this anywhere.
i still have a plastic gate in my kitchen and just came online to order a second one of these to replace that.good news for parents of curious toddlers.
the way to open it is a button on the top of the gate (since this is an extra tall gate you'd have to be the parent of a future nba player to get to it).
even if you have a super tall todler, you have to push the button over and lift the swing gate to open it... it is very easy for "most" adults, however visitors will have problems with it!!
we use this at the top of our stairs - an extra tall gate is a must in this area in my opinion.
we have white spindles on the stair case and this blends in nicely.
i returned two of these summer walk thru gates.
one of the bottom tension bolts is a little tilted though, bringing down the stability, but i have a suspicion our doorway is not perfectly parallel.
it comes with 4 wall mounts, adhesive pads to place them, and screws with wall anchors to secure them, which are required if you use it at the top of stairs, which i won't be.not as cheap looking as a lot of baby gates, and matches our white trim well.
this is removable, making the gate swing open both ways.
within the main compartment there are two pockets to hold diapers, bibs, clothes, or wipes (at least that's what we use it for) and the outside has multiple pocket possibilities as well.
the padded changing mat with zippered pockets is great too.
with our two young children, ages 11 months and 22 months, getting out of the house was pretty difficult.
love that it slings across my back.
great that my hands are free!3.
love, love, love the insulated bottle holder on the side.
awesome feature!5.
the changing pad has it's own little pocket on the back of the bag- easily accessible but out of the way.6.
the middle size front compartment is the perfect size for my wallet, lipstick, pen and check book.
the small front compartment holds my cough drops and has room for plenty more.
the large side compartment has two small inner compartments and then a really large space.
we pack snacks, toys, change of clothes, etc.
and, after all this, there is still room to spare.
outer mesh pocket on the side is perfect for toddler's sippy cup or a bottle of water for me.7.
great having the cell phone on the outer strap.
i can't recommend it highly enough!
it also only has one compartment to fit one very small bottle.
best suited for very short trips.
this is by far our favorite diaper bag, and we have tried at least ten!this one we use for vacations by plane since it is concidered a diaper bag and doesn't count towards carry-on luggage.
we bought the smaller one, which we use as our regular diaper bag.it's nice to have one strap rather than two, since it's easy to put on and back-friendly.
it's where we keep toys, so my son can open this compartment but the rest are off limits.
the insulated bottle compartment worked out wonderfully for us when my son was still on the bottle... just put some of those refreezable icecubes in the bottom...i recommend it 100%... we do have two!
:-)
i like the size, price and lightweight aspect of the badger basket.
however, i regret purchasing it because the natural material it is made of has a strong smell that i didn't want my baby to have to sleep with and the gingham bedding fell apart after the first wash and dry.
we bought this to use over at my grandparents house, since our 4 week old daughter is used to sleeping in the moses basket at our house.
it's a perfect mobile bed for a baby when you don't want baby in a huge crib or far away from you.
this one is great for the price.
i got mine for $45 at the store with the red bullseye.
the hood can be removed as it attaches with velcro and holds in place really well.
overall this is a great buy.
if you want something more posh, you will have to spend $100-200, which is not really worth it since you will only use this basket for the first couple of months.
it looks beautiful in pictures as well.
good for traveling but not very strong when you carry it.
the basket with the gingham bumber looks really nice, and now i use it in the nursery as a cute place to keep stuffed animals.
it is sturdy and durable, and even the quality of the little mattress is just fine for a newborn.
the bedding is a bit different than i expected - the sides are actually an embroidered polkadot with the waffle just on the bottom of the insert.
basic mattress pad.
i am planning to make my own bedding from an easy tutorial i found online in addition to what we received.we are planning to use this with the jolly jumper stand which has not arrived yet!
it works pretty good.
so i switched it to the other channel, and now it works perfectly!
sometimes it works too well, because she grunts a lot in her sleep, and i hear every one!i also really like the lights feature, because i can see how "intense" my baby's cry is.
the lights are also nice, because if my baby's napping and i just want some quiet time to read a book, i can turn the sound all the way down, and the lights catch my attention right away when she really starts crying.this is a great monitor for the price!
it does it's job, plain and simple.
good buy.
this monitor is great for our house and we live near large power lines.
however they work great when i am outside or when baby is at grandmas where there are 2 floors.
i live in a condo and have cordless phones and wireless internet.
in comparison, the fisher price 900mhz long range monitor sounded excellent.
we received this moniter as one of our shower gifts.
i simply love it.
i like that it has two receivers and it lights up when your baby makes a noise.
i haven't tried the batteries yet we just plug it in the outlet and it does great.
we mostly keep it stautionary in one place, one in our bedroom and in the living room.
i am glad that we registered for this and highly reccommend it to all first time parents.
excellent moniter!!!
this is our second monitor, for our second baby and the reason i don't rate it higher than 3 stars is because the lights are very bright in a dark room in the middle of the night.
they are great during the day when i can check them from across another room but the monitor in our room looks like an airport in the middle of the night, i wish you could turn the lights doen like you can the sound.
she said they worked pretty well most of time, sometimes there is a lot of static, and other times it works fine.
where is a monitor that will work in anyone's area??
this monitor has been great - i love the fact that it comes with 2 recievers - we have one in the family room & one in our bedroom - works great - no static & very clear.
it is also wonderful that you can see what is happening as well.
i highly recommend this monitor.
it always works fine with us!
the lights are a little bright--but the monitor works well with our two story house.
the fact that this unit lights up is the best feature.
you may reduce interference if your monitor lets you switch to a different channel within its frequency band.consider your phone.
choose a monitor that operates in a different frequency band than your cordless phone.
i was given a fisher price monitor that is a few years old from a friend and it was the best.
other than that i like it and will continue to use it.
this monitor is okay.
the light system is great.
i had a graco monitor that worked perfectly fine, but finding a second monitor to work without interference was difficult.
it works in the room next door as well as on a different floor or even outside.
it now has become a toy for the kids; they love to see the lights on the monitor.
great basic monitor for a great price.
easy to use, well designed, compact for travel.
while there's a little bit of white noise in the background, you can still hear baby very clearly.
great buy.
the fisher price sounds `n lights monitor offers some good qualities that make it a worthwhile addition to the household with infants and young toddlers.
its best feature is its ability to pick up and transmit even the slightest sounds.
depending on how loud the volume is turned up, concerned parents will be able to hear these and other sounds with ease.sounds are most important, but the fisher price sounds `n lights monitor also offers lights to let parents know about the activities taking place.
the arcs of red light on the fisher price sounds `n lights monitor include four arcs and they light up based on the intensity of the noise.
they aren't absolutely necessary, but they are good for those who would rather monitor with their eyes as opposed to ears.does the fisher price sounds `n lights monitor have any drawbacks?
sometimes, you can reposition the receiver and/or transmitter of the fisher price sounds `n lights monitor and reduce the static.
changing the channel can also help.
the light display of the monitor is my favorite feature.
)update: my son is now 6-months old.
you can turn up the volume to hear the baby, but you will be listening to a lot of static and won't be able to sleep at night.
we tried this monitor in 3 different areas of the us, and static everywhere.
lights are wonderful- especially at bedside, when you're exhausted and not sure if you heard baby.
it's about $10 more and totally worth it.
it works great.
i highly recommend this monitor.
amazing!!
it was definitely worth the $50.
that's a great feature to have.
i hope that makes sense.
we also made a cover for the fireplace, which we used with some strong velcro-like stuff we got at the drug store.
i purchasedkidkusion kid safe banister guard, because in our 1980-built townhouse gaps between balusters are wide enough for our one-year-old to fall through.
i was able to cut it easily with a utility knife and a metal square.
when i measured the same distance from both corners of the leading edge and tried using a square to connect the marks, i noticed that the cut would not be at a right angle.
therefore, i had to cut the leading edge square first and re-measure.2.
however, even though i installed the plastic as tightly as i could, it still has some unevenness to it that causes reflection and distortion and makes it noticeable; although, this is an aesthetics issue, which is not as important as my child's safety.conclusion:overall, kidkusion kid safe banister guard satisfied my requirements: it provides the safety i needed for my child, it is relatively inexpensive, it seems durable, it is easy to install.
a drill with a 1/8" bit was very easy (just be careful that the drill bit does not glide along the plastic surface and scratch it).
worked great and never needing replacing the several years it was up.
we've had this plastic banister guard for several months now, and it works incredibly well.
it's much too small for a baby or toddler to get through, but provides an easy way for the cats to enter and leave as they please.
this banister guard keeps everyone in our family safe and happy...kids and cats included.
the guard covered most of my railing from the base up to about an inch from the top rail.
there is a lot of support because of the weaving and it was easy to get a tight fit.
it also came with a hole punch as a added bonus.
we did have to cut it shorter to fit between the floor and the top railing, but it was easy to do with normal scissors
this was so essential for us, we have a spiral staircase that has open railing, a big danger for young children.
my husband was able to get this up pretty fast with the included hole punch and zip ties.
for a few of the holes he needed to use his power drill which worked great.
i got this to help protect my toddler in our new house that has banisters on the 2nd story hall.
it works fine, but definitely doesn't blend in like i had hoped.
still, if it keeps the baby from falling two stories, any cosmetic issues of it being a bit off is worth it.
works great.
secondly, they reflect light.
it involves using a super chintzy hole-punch and zip ties (plus screws, for the end posts against the wall.)
because, if you think about it, all you need is a rectangular piece of very sturdy fabric, well attached to the banister.
it does the job, you can barely notice it's there...and it's just perfect!!
we use it on our banister that overlooks our downstairs.
i have 18 month old twins and i needed it for peace of mind....it's great!
thankfully, bru has a great return policy and so i returned it *immediately* for a full refund.
also, quality of mirror could use some improvement - it cracks easily & is somewhat cloudy & distorted.
still, functions well.
nice large size.
i love this mirror.
there are a variety of ways that it can be installed.
i love the item and all though it doesn't have all the bells and whistles (character design or remote control light attached) like some others i am extremely happy with it.
the sides are soft and the mirror is plastic.
this mirror works great in the back of our compact car and in the back of our large truck.
we even attach a soft dangling toy from it and it doesn't impede viewing our bundle of joy.
i bought this wanting to see my son in a rear-facing carseat.
the police officer did a wonderful job securing our car seat, instructing us on the safest way to bundle baby in the winter, etc.
if you are looking at the baby in the child view mirror, you are not looking at the road (his words, not mine).
and once i even did pull over to make sure that my son was ok.
i can see my ds very well as the mirror is very clear.
i can always keep a check on him and make sure he okay.
it is very easy to install according to my hubby.
it is very reasonably priced and well worth it.
we have our son in the middle of the back seat which does not have a headrest over it.
we placed the mirror on a headrest to the right of the carseat base and it's very difficult to see the baby this way.
this is the best mirror i've found to use in a chevy tahoe with a rear facing baby seat.
what happens is i adjust it show me a clear view of the baby when we start the trip and again when we get to our destination i adjust it again because it always shifts back toward the front.in spite of its flaw, it works better than any other mirrors i"ve been able to find and, when properly positioned, it gives a nice wide view.
sure, it doesn't have the colorful and fun designs, but to my daughter just seeing her reflexion is entertainment enough.
it installed easily and adjusts easily.
i am very happy with our decision to buy this mirror.
and i love the size of it.
my husband installed it.
it's okay.
but my baby girl does enjoy seeing herself and me through the mirror.
but honestly how many of us would.
my daughter loves it and night...she can see the lights in it and it helps keep her content and she is constantly looking at herself and cooing!
mommy loves it that she can keep an eye on her at all times.
i just love this mirror.
i can still see my boys perfectly fine, but the quality could be improved a little.
)second of all, when you buy this mirror it comes with a "protective" piece of plastic over the mirror that you have to remove to use the mirror, but when you remove it, you see that the mirror is very foggy.
this mirror is easy to install but it does throw you off b/c the straps are backwards but if you twist one then it works great.
i highly recommend this.
i purchased this mirror to keep an eye on my rear-facing 5 month old...it attatched easily, is very large, and simple... no flashing lights or remote controlls.
my son seemed entrigued with his reflection (as all babies usually are) and i was able to keep a close eye on him.well, we recently purhcased him a convertible carseat (hes still small enough to fit in the carrier though) and had it checked out by highway patrol (we installed the mirror after we checked out the carrier).
also, when you see in the mirror, you take your eyes off of the road.
and by the way, your baby can still have toys, just completely soft, and harmless ones.i can completely understand if you still want to purchase and/or use a baby mirror like this one, but for the dangers, i would highly reccomend not to.
we installed this in our suv that has a latch in the back for such devices.
for our peace of mind, the mirror was heaven sent.
i wish playtex would return to the original size and style.
well duh.
i think that's a mixture best fed with a spoon.
they work great for that.
i love the fact that the y-cut doesn't drip like the medium or fast flow.
we switched nipples right away when our daughter was born because the milk was pouring out around her mouth.
and it's great because they don't drip or spill like other nipples.
love em!
i even got a pack of fast flow, and never was able to use them.
i started feeding her the rice cereal with a spoon and that is working much better so i won't even be using these.
using for spare parts for baby bottle collection (vintage and modern).
i used these with my son who is now 4 and now my daughter who is 6 mo.
great for rice cereal bottle at night time.
:(
the y cut is the perfect flow out of all the playtex nipples.
we got these for our twins (now 3 years old) and we love them.
i found that they work great for a little cereal and when we got to the point that we were giving them more cereal in their formula (we called it formula shakes) i cut 1 tip of the the y part and it was perfect.
i also found that you have to buy new nipples every once in a while because they can split but it's worth it.
do what works for you.
these were perfect for us.
the tri-cut helps to get the cereal particles get through without clogging - as it did the medium and fast.
it naturally stays closed and opens only when the baby sucks.
good because baby can control the suction and doesn't have milk dripping everywhere.
most sippy cups with the neocate leak all over and the suction of a bottle helps her reflux a ton.
nothing helps her when she's having a barfy/hicoughy day faster.
this pump works well, has pleanty of power, comes with a cute and practical purse/bag, and since i use the playtex drop-in bottles, it was a great match.
it also works with other bottles.
besides that, i am a fan of the playtex nurser system with the orthodontic nipple and drop-ins for my breastfed baby.
i also love the one-step breast milk storage kit, and use it daily.
the pump itself has independent speed and suction settings, which is very nice, and it is fairly quiet, though it does sound sort of like a ventilator.
thankfully, playtex customer service was awesome!
works beautifully with all playtex bottles and regular bottles!4.
playtex customer service is awesome!
i originally bought themedela advanced pump in styleafter two months of renting the medela lactina while establishing my milk supply with my 32 week premie girl.
also, this is $100 cheaper, lighter and even came with the vehicle lighter adapter.
it is a hard decision since you cannot just try out pumps since they are not returnable but i can honestly say if it is a choice between the medela and this, you must choose this as it wins for its value, milk expression ability, and comfort because those are the most important factors.
i used an avent pump with my first and let me tell you how great this pump is.
love it!!
on the way home from the hospital i stopped in at babiesrus and bought this pump because it was on our registry (we studied and found it to be more comfortable and with coupons it was much cheaper than medela,) and started using it and i have been so happy with it that sometimes i still use it so my husband can give her a bottle!
i agree.
this pump is comfortable and fast.
but that comfort comes at a price-- the cups also have a lot of ridges and folds in the plastic.
none of this is my real complaint though.the organization part of the pump is great.
i love the multiple bags, etc.
(update:  while all the seperation is nice in theory, now that i'm working and have open and close the bags a few times a day it is a pain in the b*tt!
it came the next day with a fed ex return label for the original pump.
i kept the first one and returned the replacement.we'll see how the pump holds up to daily use as i am returning to work in a few days.
i'm so impressed with their service, and highly recommend the improved/quieter motor.if i could figure out how to change my 4 star rating to a 5 star i would!
i'm not impressed.i like that i can pump right into the bottles i use.
second of all it is not at all powerful.
that didn't work this motor is not powerful enough.
i gave it one star because that is the lowest you can give.
it is much cheaper & will definately work.
it was wonderful!
3 - it's comfortable.
so, i called babies r us even though everything says you can't return personal care items.
they were great.
they switched out just the pump mechanism with a new one, and the second worked well.
it is a little high in price but it is very gentle and easy to wash.  dishwasher compatible.
you have the ability to control how hard it sucks and how fast it sucks.
great pump!
i am using the playtex drop in liner bottle system, so this also works great with that bottle system.
!2) make sure you position the cups at the center of your nipple.
hint: 1) your should not feel your skin around the nipple/on your breast being suctioned or pulled  2) if you are unsure about the position of the pump, have a look in the mirror to check the imprint that the suction cup makes on your nipple to be sure.3) make sure that all parts of the system are clean/sterilzed and bone dry before using4) there is no need to sterilize or wash the tube that attaches to the pump (i've been told it will clog the system)i hope this helps you with your purchase!
seem to work great.
my son really likes these nipples.
the wide are great for breastfeeding moms.
the shape of these nipples is perfect for my ebf baby.
but based on my many trials this shape is the best.
i just wanted to buy what i had used and loved with our first baby.
even though these are advertised for the playtex ventaire, they work/fit with the playtex dropin nursers as well.
we actually use these on the playtex drop ins because they are a bit stiffer than the ones that come with the drop ins.
my son prefers these over the drop ins.
these nipples have been the best for my own 4 children, my 5 nieces, 2 nephews, 2 god daughters, and 3 younger sisters.
playtex nursers are truly the closest to breast that my entire family has ever discovered through trial and error.a quick google search online will show you several blogger tests that state these drip slower than any other bottle nipple, which is essential for breast fed babies because they choke on faster flows!
my son uses this style of nipple.
it really helps with him inhaling air while he eats.
since we switched to the wide nipples his gas, tummy aches, and projectile vomiting has stopped.
i love the wide nipples.
this is a skill that's very useful later in life to help prevent obesity (eating slowly so your body can tell you it's full before you over eat).
these have worked really great for us.
highly recommend.
i bought these for my new grandson and they work well.
they have fun with the rings; two of them have velcro feet/hands and they enjoy putting them together and taking them apart.
he hasn't quite gotten the hang of "put the ball in the elephant's head and it makes music", but i'm sure that will come with time.
the elephant is adorable and my son loves playing with the different rings..
the balls also rattle which gets my son excited.
this toy has captured my son's attention since i took it out of the box.
he hasn't fully mastered the art of dropping the balls in but he claps with joy when mommy and daddy show him how it works or he accidentally drops it in.
he is still a bit young for stacking the rings but loves to carry them around, especially when a chain is made out of them.
we are very pleased with our purchase and i suspect that a few will be sold to other parents here on thanksgiving.
this elephant has provided many hours of enjoyment for my grand daughter.
it is sturdy and she loves the musical sounds that go off when she puts the balls into the elephant's head.
she is creative with the rings--putting them on her arms like bracelets.
even his cynical dad thought it was nice and admitted that he played with this the most and had a lot of fun with it out of all his christmas presents.
i was happy with the purchase- it was packaged nicely and was a cute and colorful toy.
loves to take it apart, play with the balls by shaking them or hitting them together.
i can see this toy lasting a while, looking forward to when he figures out he can toss the ball back in the top for music and lights!
we purchased this for our daughter as a birthday present after she played with one at a friend's house and loved it.
she loves the music and dances along to it.
this is a fun toy for a 1 year old.
i would definitely recommend this for a baby 6 months - 2 years old.
very cute toy.
my 5 month old daughter and 15 month old niece both love it.
well made, attractive toy with a few variations on how it can be played with and appeal over several developmental stages- it's a winner!
tiny love's toys are always tops in our house, and the tiny fruit line is no exception.
you can peel this one, peek inside, look in the mirror, and it is just the right size and shape to promote clasping and lifting.
fantastic!!!
mirrors and colors on feet are small and not bright enough to catch interest.
it's cute though.
it is adorable with many aspects that she will eventually explore over the months to come.
it is relatively large and seems to be made very well.
i wish i dad gotten it for my first two kiddos...
my anna banana loves to shop with anna banana.
got this for my daughter, and my son also plays with it.
they love playing with the different things on it and i am especially happy that is actually big.
we bought this toy for our daughter three years ago and she loved it.
it endured incredibly well, being her favorite "going out" toy.
this is a great investment and will be loved and used by your little ones for years.
it is working out perfectly.
the baby has a soft, comfortable place to sleep, yet is protected from any dangers on sleeping with us.
if your child tends to sleep with you in the bed, this sleeper is a must.
the led light is a nice touch.
perfect to check up on her in the middle of the night.
i have a queen size bed and with this in the middle and 2 adults on each side, we must sleep on ours sides for us all to fit.
it is also great for putting on the couch in the living room for afternoon naps.
the light is very dim and only lights the top of her head.
we put it away and brought it out for our new 7 lb ds.
we successfully stretched its usefulness for 12 weeks.
it is perfect for what it is.
a sleeper that allows new moms and dads co-sleep with their precious new born.
my baby slept in our bed for about 4 months and this was perfect.
we would also use it on the couch sometimes to keep her secure for a nap during the day.
i did not want the baby in the bed without being contained for safety reasons and this co-sleeper is the perfect solution.
the cosleeper is soft but keeps the  baby in one place and away from blankets, pillows, and adults.
the little nightlight at the head of the sleeper is a nice touch, and it folds up nicely for storage and travel.there are some cons: it is not that long.
my husband and i bought this because i was co-sleeping and we were both scared of something happening to our son.
the velcro doesn't match up on it and it's really soft so our son kept rolling over into us.
this co-sleeper was great.
it has a handy little light that was great for all the middle of the night feedings.
this was a great alternative.
it worked really well to allow our child to sleep safely between us and the nightlight at the top was awesome for middle of the night diaper changes.
i cut a piece of mdf to fix that.it's highly susceptible to tilt - if one of you is much bigger than the other in the bed, it may well tilt to the heavy one, and that means baby will roll to the side.when the baby rolls to the side, dd's little legs pop right out the unsupportive mesh panels.
polyester and velcro that tears apart the poly the first time you wash it.buy a laundry hamper and use that instead.
we loved this item.
note that each parent will have to use separate top blankets and sheets on either side of the sleeper.
therefore, if the sheet gets soiled in the middle of the night, then good luck.
the item was perfect until we transitioned her to her crib at 4 months.
this secure sleeper is great.
this sleeper is great, the pad that the baby lies on is soft and comfortable and removable for washing i would assume.
the sleeper it self is very secure, the baby is covered all around, where the head of the baby is the padding around the sleeper is strong and covered in breathable padding.
the guard by the legs is made out of mesh which is flexible but still very secure and at the feet there is a raised foam pad so the baby cant &#34;slide out&#34; of the sleeper.
also i think the best feature is the light, it makes for great use when its night and dark and turning on the lights will wake the baby, this detachable flashlight gives off enough light to see and be able to take care of the baby.the sleeper also folds and you are able to carry it and take it everywhere you need to, it doesn't take up a lot of space folded, i'd say folded its about 16 x 16 x 5.
i definitely think you could use it for a good 3-4 months, but not sure you could use it much longer than that.
i got this for a shower a couple months ago and the new parents have since reported that it has been a great help.
we are using it to transition her to crib, which so far is working well.&#60;br /&#62;despite the 'short' time it was able to be used, it was well worth it knowing she was safely sleeping with us during those critical first months.&#60;br /&#62;i would recommend this to everyone i know.
we ended up having to place rolled up receiving blankets on both sides to keep her from slipping down and out of the mesh sides.
it also seems pretty short for its intended use.
i really liked the light feature and it was great because the sides are hard so my husband and i felt safer having her in bed with us.
my daughter is in the 100% for height and now she doesn't fit in it.
i will definitely use it for my next one and wish i could still use it.
my son is almost two months old and he still fits in it.
some reviews said that you have to use two separate duvets - one for you and one for your spouse if you put it in the middle, because you don't want your duvet to cover the baby.
we pushed it up all the way to the headboard of our bed.
since we have a king sized bed, it's pretty large, so it fit everyone perfectly - baby in the middle, us on either side.
we are now using it as a changing table for when we travel.
we have a king-sized bed and bought this to co-sleep with our first.
we also used it with our second and it's still in our attic waiting to be used with the 3rd baby coming soon!the breathable sides are reassuring since every parent of a newborn worries about smothering/entrapment.
i love that it folds up so we can take it with us to friend's houses or on trips when the baby is small.now your baby will outgrow this when they are old enough to start pushing up or moving around, which is fine because at that point i don't believe co-sleeping is safe anymore since they can get under the covers and suffocate or roll off the bed!
it fits in a large diaper bag and can also be used when traveling as sleeper or portable changing pad.
we use it now intermittently.
but we do at times resort to simple bedsharing.
it is portable enough to move around the house easily.
my son is 3 now, and every friend along the way who has had a baby i always buy this for them.
one particular friend who travels said this is great because she doesn't need to bring a pack & play.
the light that comes with it is great because it is not too bright.
my light still works and is used often to this day as i check on my son at night.
well worth the money for any mom.
it's so nice to sleep with this in the bed if you're nursing.
it even comes with a nightlight to make it a little easier to see your baby.great features:folds for travelsheet is washablenightlightbreathable mesh sidesbottom of bed has wedge to prevent sliding outpad in the bed is nice and comfy
this was great to have for the first few months.
my daughter outgrew it around 3-4 months, but it was great while it lasted.
i was also expecting that the sides would be taller and also that it would be wider as it didn't fit our baby for more than 2-3 weeks.
i loved this!
we used it to keep our bubba from rolling off the couch during the day, and from rolling away at night.
he was comfy and happy in this.
the cover is also completely washable and easy to remove and put back on.
this was great for my newborn.
i love the night light and that it folds up so easily.
i have traveled with it many times and easily packed it in a suitcase.
definitely get it if you plan on co-sleeping.
honestly, i felt like it took up alot of space in the bed (we have a queen sized bed) so if safety is a concern i'm not sure how useful it is to constantly bump into it while you're sleeping (perhaps waking up your child in the process?).
its safe and great for both of us.
its tight in a bed with my husband but we do it anyway :)i understand all of the negatives that other people wrote, but what do you expect for $40!?
well worth the price to our family!
but this is perfect.
great buy, highly recommend - excellent quality, fits perfect on couch or bed.
love love love it.
the concept is great, but if your baby is born at over 8 lbs, he/she will outgrow it in about a month.
we weren't planning on our newborn sleeping with us, but he does, and this sleeper makes it safe and easy.
otherwise perfect.
my baby still doesn't sleep the best on it, but it's better than putting him in the hotel bed with us.
i loved being able to have her in the bed with me when we traveled.
this was a great solution.
its well made, portable, my son slept well in it and the light is a great feature.
it made the first couple months home way easier.
our daughter sleeps better in the co-sleeper close to us.
it is also easy to travel with.
it folds up and fits nicely in a suitcase.
even on a king-sized bed, the sleeper takes up about 1/3 of the space.
she must have also loved it because she slept way better in here!
also, although we only have a queen-sized bed, it was a perfect fit for baby and me because my husband has been working abroad...but while he was home, the three of us did not fit in the bed using the sleeper.
my son is five weeks old and 11lbs6oz.
we also used it as a travel bed and it worked great.
it gives baby a constant security even in a different sleeping environment.
luckily my mom improvised by cutting out some memory foam from an old bed liner she had in the shape of the liner that comes standard with this sleeper.
the new cushion she created fit perfect in this and has completely improved the comfort of this sleeper for my baby.
another con is its size and most babies will definitely outgrow this after 6 months.so far it has been worth it for me as it gives my baby a safe and secure place to sleep peacefully no matter where we are for the night.
in addition the sleeper is to be positioned above blankets so adult blankets won't cover baby.
we are now using it to transition our daughter to her crib and it is working very well.
great for travel!
otherwise, it's a sturdy design for the price and works well if you want to sleep next to your little one without fear.
this was bought for us second hand by a well meaning friend.
it works great!
the mesh sides make it easy for me to lay a hand on him while he sleeps.
i cut the mesh sides by the foot bar, which allows it to fold back a couple more inches, but it's still a little short for our 3-month-old.
when cosleeping with an infant, this adds and extra sense of security.
we used it a couple of times and then stopped.
my husband and i had to have to separate blankets for a while, and we each got about 2 ft of space to ourselves with the sleeper tucked between our pillows.
hopefully future versions will incorporate a softer light that doesn't wake everyone up.all in all, i'm really happy i went with this model and i've gotten a lot of good use out of it.
this worked great for us, for a couple of months.
it cramped our style.
the night light was especially helpful for mid-night feedings and diaper changes.
we also raise the head area slightly and the baby tends to slink down over time but rests easily once her feet hit the bottom foam piece.
we found this new arrangement easier than messing around with sleep positioners, and with a better recline.
the above co-sleeper is still used when visiting granny's place for family dinners as it is more portable.
my only other piece of advice is to use a sleep positioner if you have a squirmer.
i got two sets of these doublers, one set works great they are super absorbent and did exactly what i needed them to do.
and a friend told me they are great for washable menstrual  pads.
i do not use a diaper without one of these doublers.
they are great for sanitary pads as well, although should be used with some sort of waterproof layer between pad and panties.
i will be buying more of these!
i love the size of these and they absorb well, but they got all bunched up after prepping.
wanted to love though!
however, the smell is good but i am not sure how they will work in the nursery for our daughters diaper pail since she is not here yet.
they are not very strong so i hope they will be able to mask the odor from her diapers.
this disc works great for about 2 weeks.
i would suggest not bothering with these and just using a bit of tea tree oil in your pail.
used this in conjunction with the odorless cloth diaper pail (7 gallon: 1-2 days) and the carbon odorless cloth diaper pail filters and it does a great job keeping the odors inside the cloth diaper pail instead of all over my house.
they kind of smell like citrus, not the best smell, but a lot better than the smell of dirty diapers!
after a month, they still smell great.
does a good job of keeping the odour down.i use a diaper service so they are in the pail for up to a week.
very happy!
they look very old and definitely do not smell like citrus.
fits well in our safety first simple diaper pail.
these produce a strong, pleasant, citrus smell that gets rid of the nasty cloth diaper smell in my nursery.
it is a strong scent while the pail is open but it becomes more mild once the pail is closed and over the course of the month.
much more refreshing for guests to smell this instead of stinky diapers!
they clean well and get the job done.
they go from bum to washer to dryer nicely.
we love these wipes!
bought them for our newborn and ended up buying more to use for our toddler (who is potty trained - just to "get the job done" a bit more efficiently :) ).
they are soft and very sturdy.
great wipes!
i am very pleased with them and i cannot wait to use them on our daughter.
i bought two packs of these for cloth diapering and they're great!
excellent wipes by an excellent company!
i'm giving these wipes 2 stars only because if you'd like to use them dry, they're very soft and a great price.
i use them as baby wipes as my son is allergic to any other prepackaged baby wipes with the exception of the earth's best.
at first glance, i loved these wipes as they seem super soft.
we looked all over for natural wipes for our baby and finally settled on these flannel, reusable wipes.
we use them for almost all of our diaper changes (i still use seventh generation wipes for #2) and they work great.
they are nice and soft, while still absorbent.
easy to throw in the laundry and wash.have saved a ton by not buying disposable wipes!
(we also have found that they work great as tissues/handkerchiefs.)
these are super great and easy.
these are soft and absorbent.
right now we're using them as washcloths, and spit-up rags.
there are a lot in a pack, so they're affordable as well.
i feel like these are still really nice quality.
i ordered the unbleached ones and received them in the mail today.
i love the colored rainbow thread around the edges.
i love how soft they are and i can't wait to start using them!edit:after washing these for the first time prior to their first use, i decided to edit my review.
the wipes shrank a lot and they also are not as soft anymore.
i use a cloth wipe solution in a spray bottle that i first spray on the wipe and then use.
i also have some soft terry cloth wipes and some flannel wipes cut from old stained receiving blanket and these are the best by far.
the nubs on the terry cloth are better for cleaning super duper messes, but we have very few of those and they still aren't as absorbent as these.
i love them.
otherwise, they'll be wrinkled and tough to work with.
overall, these are great wipes for a great price.
highly recommended!
they are absorbent and attractive.
i handwash and air dry them so the stitching at the seams is still intact - i noticed that many parents complained that the stitching comes out very easily.
they're also nice and soft and absorbent.
works great.if you're preparing for your first newborn, i'd recommend getting at least 2-4 packs of these depending on how often you want to wash diapers; also pick up a pack of regular 100% cotton terry washcloths for the changing table, especially if you're having a boy, since those do work better as emergency shields during changes than these do.
thanks to other reviewers, we knew what we were getting when we ordered these &#8211; but they were still a bit of a surprise.
nevertheless, they're really handy.
i love them!
mine have been washed a ton and they are still in perfect condition.
for the price, they are soooo worth it and essential!
they wash and wear well.
a year later, they are all in good shape and i'm happy with the purchase.they are little flannel clothes with brightly stitching on the edges.
i use these with my cloth diapers in a wipes warmer.
i ordered these at the same time, and, as stated in the reviews, these are great!
they have held up perfectly!they not only held up, but also, you can put far more of these into the wipe warmer!
that is important, because you will go through them loli never dry them!
i pour the remaining water/witch hazel into the bottom of the warmer to keep the pad wet (pad for the lionheart warmer) and done!love these!
although the osocozy's are softer all-around, they don't seem as effective in wiping up my daughter's diaper area as my kissaluvs.i'm glad to have extra reusable wipes, but admit to hoping the osocozies aren't at the top of the tub each diaper change.
these are great sized squares to use for wipes.
they are also cute.
100% cotton and good size for homemade baby wipe use.
definitely worth the price...good quality!
work well and wash without stains remaining.
the same as bumkins brand as i purchased both and cannot differentiate between the two.
my newborn son has really sensitive skin, and would get a little rash from huggies and kirkland signature wipes.
soft fabric, perfect size, nice thickness.
i don't use a wipe solution, just some warm water.
these are great wipes.
made of a single layer of flannel they are highly absorbent and clean messes well.
a great wipe for a reasonable price.
they are nice a soft.
we have used them for a year and they look great.
they are very inexpensive which is a huge plus.
i'm doing the cloth diaper route with my gf for our son and these are great in keeping with the whole &#34;green&#34; movement.
i use these as reusable wipes and they are still going strong after 7 months of use.
happy overall.
these are great wipes.
they wash well, are soft on baby's skin and i can fit about 30 of them in the lionheart wipes warmer.
i got the unbleached wipes and they are working perfectly.
as another reviewer stated, they do shrink considerably with the first wash and dry, however, the size is still perfectly acceptable.
if i need more, i will definitely buy again.
i love these wipes, there's a short list of things i absolutely love using with my son and this is one of them, along with fuzzybunz diapers and butt paste... just a little warm water and these clean up the poopiest of butts in a jiffy.
i love that i don't have to use any chemicals on my son's delicate skin and i can use a dry one to make sure his skin dries before putting a new diaper on him.they will stain if you don't care for them properly, but washing them on the highest heat and little shout gets the worst stains out every time.
i prefer thristies fab wipes.
not very happy with that!
i love osocozy!
i use their prefectfit prefolds!
i still use them but will not be buying a second pack.
we use these wipes in our wipe warmer at home.
they are great to use with cloth diapers because they go in the wash with the diapers.
they are awesome.
i use a home made cloth wipe solution on a peri bottle and use as needed.
love how soft these are and how useful they are for cloth wipes.
these flannel wipes are perfect sized for my lo.
still love it though for the prize!
these wipes hold up well during use and with washing.
highly recommend it.
or i use them to pat dry the baby's bottom skin to help prevent diaper rash.
i want more of these!
great simple cloth wipes.
after a couple months the colors have stayed well and they are the cutest.
if you want something really soft and cute, go with these.the flannel wipes are the most cost-effective option.
they are pretty soft also.
these are the least soft of the 3 and even though they aren't folded they take up a lot of room in the warmer and don't fit perfectly (the edges come up).
personally, i prefer something thicker and our favorite brand is grovia.
i have found that these work great as tissues for the kids.
very soft on sensitive baby skin and doesn't waste paper.
love these!
i use with california baby diaper area wash and love the results.
they work fine, but the lovely rainbow edging came unravelled on several of the wipes on the first wash.
for pee or face wipes, though, these are gentle, soft, and work great.
i ordered these solely because of the price, and the flannel its made of.
i love love the betterfit prefold diapers.
these are really cute and good construction.
you could also use a bottle warmer i guess.
my son is 7 months now and these have been great.
i don't really mind, they are still soft enough and highly durable.
i love the look of these - especially the unbleached.
something about the simplicity of natural cotton and rainbow thread combined is gorgeous!that said, these wipes are pretty great.
if you are looking for a nice wipe, go for the prince lionhart wipes.
love these.
i originally bought these to catch dribble giving bottles and they work great.
they've remained soft and they work very well.
as far as a simple all around wipe goes these are my favorite for sure!
wow!
these wipes are sooooo soft and work wonderfully!
that's a plus plus!
i use warm water and california baby diaper area wash with them.
my daughter has very sensitive skin and sensitive wipes add up fast (especially if your husband uses a minimum of four per diaper!?!?!)
with these we can use our own solution in the wipes warmer and keep these on the side to be dipped and then used.
i love the feel of these wipes.
they are soft on my baby's skin.
i love these.
i make my own solution and these work perfect.
i love these as cloth wipes!
they are soft, simple and do the job!
i also picked up a pack of regular gerber baby wash cloths and found them to be superior to the osocozy as well!
now that i have a newborn, i am totally a fan of these osocozy wipes.
they are just the right size and perfectly adequate for any newborn diaper change.
i use them as soft cleaning rags, and even better, as a makeup/mascara remover.
(and back to disposable wipes for the baby!)
these are soft, and do a great job cleaning our baby's diaper area when wet.
they are very soft and durable.
highly recommended.
well these are super soft flannel wipes and feel totally great.
we use a diaper spray for the poopy ones.
otherwise they go right in with the regular laundry wash and dry.
we have two sets of these which works for 1-2 days of diapering.
then you can open it up and use a different side to dry baby.
they are an excellent thickness, so i'm able to use both sides, even with runny newborn poo.
i purchased 4 packs, and 4 of the wipes have started to lose their serging, like others complained.
they are still perfectly usable and all the others seem unaffected.
babies catch every germ out there, and have runny noses a significant amount of time.
so worth buying these just for the runny noses.i haven't really used these wipes for poo since my son's diet switched over to more solid food than breast milk (between 9 and 12 mos).
i personally couldn't throw that much solid food poo into my machine with any brand of wipe.
previously i ordered 2 different kinds of washable wipes from punkinbutt.com and received a much better quality wipe.
these are the best.
yes i read the directions.
my son is no hercules.
great concept.
i purchased this to use on the short sides of my son's davinci emily crib.
the long piece in the package fit perfectly on the short sides when cut in half.
it does the job.
we've had this installed on our son's crib for over a month now and it has stopped him from chewing on the crib rails.
she loves chewing on these rails.
the crib is not painted; it's natural wood with a semi-gloss clear finish.2.
we used the teeth marks as a guide, positioning the gummi rail well below the marks so our baby can't get her bottom teeth under the bottom edge of the gummi rail.3.
this prevented oils on our skin from interfering with the adhesive bond.6.
i've decided to keep the second roll.
these don't stick without the help of your adhesive of choice.
it does a great job of protecting the rail.
my daughter actually uses it as a teether, so it has seen a lot of abuse and is keeping its shape and still protecting the rail.there are a few downsides:--my daughter loves to chew on it!
this has required a few applications of double-stick tape to reattach the guard in key places.--i wish it were a bit wider on one side--this would allow us to better protect the rail on the inside with detracting from the look of the bed on the outside.
what i love the most if that when you walk in the room, you can't see this installed on the crib, as it's clear and blends straight in.just wish i'd bought them sooner!
perfect for every crib
we very carefully followed all the directions for these after reading all the reviews.
i was devastated because this seemed like the perfect rail protector.
the adhesive on it is super invisible as is the sticker that covers it.
i followed the directions to a t (using the blower dryer to help the adhesive take to the crib (it's almost january and the cold temp definitely doesn't help it stick).
worked like a charm!!
i plan on using my crib for all future babies (as we are only on our first) and this will do the job in not only providing the crib rail protection but also giving my baby something to teeth on.
this thing is great!
i used it on one of the short sides and the front, which is where my baby stared to chew.
i have a sleigh-style crib so it works great for us.
very easy to install and doesn't come off.
i bought these for baby shower gifts the moms were all very happy to recieve them and i've heard back that they work really well...
happily, it has worked just perfectly for us.
i just followed directions, and now, almost a year later, it is sticking as firmly as day one.
it looks great in that you can barely see it, and my son must love it too, because he gnaws on it all the time.
they give you enough for the two sides of the crib, but i would have like it on the front as well.
my son doesn't chew there, but it would have been perfect to prevent the scratches and wear that my husband and i have caused with our clothing when leaning over the crib.update 2/12: we are now expecting our 2nd little one.
the gummi rail covers that we installed over 2 years ago worked great and are sticking on today just as well as day one.
these rail covers are definitely extra wide, but i purchased these because the measurements were perfect if i cut it to fit all 3 rails of our crib.
the size worked perfectly for us, and you can use double-sided tape to secure to the crib.
for removal the instructions suggest using the hair dryer to loosen the adhesive before pulling off.i'm pleased with the purchase and will definitely recommend this to others.
our son started chewing on his crib recently, so we immediately bought rail guards.
it's clear and blends right in with the crib.
we like it better than the fabric covers because it looks unobtrusive and does not move when our son grabs the rail for standing support.
it stayed put and protected her crib.
but seeing as it lasted 3 years, for me, it was definitely worth it and i will be buying a second one to fit an entire crib after our third is born.
easy to apply and work fabulously.
i just applied it to the front rail, as we won't use the sides rails once the convertible crib is made into a bed.
i paid a lot for our crib and it's one that will turn into a full size bed some day so i didn't want to risk ruining it.
plus, it's huge.
it's fairly easy to install.
it's not a 100% perfect fit, but close enough to where i'm super happy.
we use this not on our cribs, but on sharp corners on our built in cabinets in areas highly trafficked by our small kiddos.
buying more now to protect our littlest.
they stick well, bpa free, soft,good quality.
it was great when my daughter was teething.
i put an ice cube in there and it kept her happy for a while.
easy to grip.
but the mesh is super thick and large.
my little girl, who loves food and puts everything in her mouth, didn't want to put this in her mouth.
i tried to eat an apple slice through it.
we used this extensively when our daughter first started solids but didn't have the ability to grasp small pieces to feed herself.
good tool for that time when kids are transitioning to solid foods but don't quite have the motor skills necessary to pick them up or eat them properly.
it has a raw edge which helps the fabric unravel fast, posing a danger to your baby if you are not careful with it as another reviewer wrote earlier.
i like this feeder for the most part, it certainly gives me peace of mind when my baby eats solid foods.
he chokes fairly easily and we just don't feel comfortable yet giving him finger foods but with this it's really nice and he enjoys it very much.
the idea of the chilling feature is nice but not practical.
i have to soak it every time to get the food out so i can open it, but i would deal with it.
my complaints are very minor and there probably aren't too many solutions for them.pros:- nice design with several different parts makes washing easier.
first, the mesh part is removable so you can throw the handle, mesh bag, and cap in the top basket of your dishwasher and all of the parts get clean.
your baby has been pushing food through mesh with his or her teeth or gums, so yes, food gets caught in the mesh.
not particularly great and not a &#34;must have&#34; item, but they're ok.
aesthetically it's so colorful and pretty.
also, there is a push lock on the ring so the baby can't accidentally unscrew it and get the food out.
i loved this pumped from the moment i began using it!!!!!
like the ameda, i am able to pumped both breasts, but with the medela i get my 8-10oz out in 1/2 the time.
this is perfect since i pump 3 times at work.
i love the sleek backpack.
everything else about the pump is perfect.
the pump in style advanced is the best pump out there!
the pump itself works great and is very efficiant and quick.
medela pis is the best!
the pumping actually healed my nipples and allowed me to still give her breastmilk.
wow, what a difference.
the beginning 2 minute cycle of the pump is awesome.
i had an incredible supply of breastmilk and had bags and bags in my freezer for date nights!!
it's great!!
also, the sleek design of the backpack allows me to take it out and not feel self-conscious.
i also bought the vehicle adapter and this allows me to pump while on the way to the movies!!
because of initial problems breastfeeding, i used the hospital grade medela symphony for the first month of my son's life.
i use lansinoh storage bags for the milk that i freeze and for the refrigerated milk, i bought an adapter that allows me to pump straight into avent bottles.
i have used: bailey nurture iii, playtex embrace, pis advanced, medela harmony, avent isis, medela hospital grade and a few others.
also, i use the playtex bottles and one-step storage system with drop-ins, so i had to buy 2 kits in order to have to adapters to double pump with.now i plan to buy a hands free pumping bra next.thanks to all these wonderful products, i am able to feed my baby exclusively breast milk and she is now five months old.i plan to continue pumping at work for at least seven more months and i believe the pis will take me there.
i am so happy i did because i was able to relieve the engorgement enough so that she was able to feed.
i highly recommend this pump because it saved my baby from being on formula.
can pump two breast at a time5.
plenty of accessories to start with (and spares)6.
not very quiet (i use cloth to reduce the noise)
i received the pump in style as a shower gift for my first child over 3 years ago (2003).
the pump worked great.
i used it several times a day and it was very effective and comfortable.
it works as good today as it did 3 years ago.
the lactation consultant who worked with me when my daughter was born offered to help show me how the pump could work best for me.
i've used it every day for almost 6 months and it has been a great pump.
and, if you want you can press a button to switch the modes sooner than that.
i called medela and they overnighted me a new faceplate at no charge.one thing to note:  i am finding that i want a manual pump as well because a manual pump is more convenient for travel and at home use.
a manual pump is easier.
the one that comes with the pump is exhausting to use (it's a bicycle horn style pump) so i just ordered a medela harmony as well.
so if you need help in justifying why the expensive machine is worth it, those are a few of my best reasons why i can't live without it and you shouldn't either.
with my first child, i had the pis advanced backpack, first generation, and pumped for a year.
i have two sets of parts, one for home and one at work).
the bag has lots of storage space and best of all, it's chic.
there are 2 tabs inside on the bottom and one latch on the top.
then you tie a rubber band (thicker kind from any office supply store) around the tabs (3 of them, two sewn in the bra and one from the loop and hook attachment).
you can also use this method with the softfit breastshield.
also, use the maximum suction you can tolerate (this will increase and plateau as you pump).
if you want to increase, pump longer and more frequently as well as drink more water/eat more.
i purchased the medela pump in style advanced breastpump and it was the best purchase that i have made!
i nurse my newborn, she is 1 week old, then i finish pumping to "empty" my breast as this allows her father to feed and bond with her as well.
i absolutely love this pump.
genius.
this is great if you use several bottles a day and need to dry more than just the bottles.
i'm an exclusive pumper, so in addition to bottles and nipples, i also have lots of pump parts to deal with.
it is wonderful!i wanted to reduce the clutter on my counter and this one is nice b/c it has several different compartments for various parts (i dry my bottles, air vents, tubes, breast pump storage bottles, breast pump shields/accessories, nipples, glass baby jars, sippy cup and all kinds of lids).
glass bottles and all the parts that go with them, about 3-4 plastic breast pump storage bottles and lids, two pump shields and filament holders and few plastic spoons and a small plastic bowl at one and it does well.
it's very basic and really works well for the price.
and its awesome!
it helps keep my bottles organized and is great to use and clean!
fits all size bottles, sippie cups and suprisingly bowls(i use avent bottles, gerber cups, take 'n toss bowls).
there is a lot of space to organize bottles, nipples, sippie cup valves, sippie cup lids, spoons, bowls, etc...
i use avent bottles for my baby and they fit really well.
i have a dishwasher and i still use it everyday.
the best part is that there is so much space with all the hooks and everything for all the bottle parts.
it's the perfect size.
it is very reasonably priced and made of quality materials.
i love that it is made with antimicrobial plastic.
it's well designed to fit a number of bottles and all the accessories.
it sure does.
it is nice b/c you can put all the extra parts in the tray and even put them on top of each other and they dry perfect.
then the place where you can lay the nipples sideways is great.
great drying station for your baby's bottles and nipples and pacifiers and stuff like that, be sure to cover with a clean kitchen towel to prevent flies from touching them though, would definitely recommend to anyone!
we used avent, playtex ventaire adn dr. brown's with our daughter.
it serves the purpose and helps keep my countertop from being cluttered.
i use the evenflo glass bottles and gerber plastic bottles and they fit fine on the drying rack.
it holds my avent bottles perfectly.
**update**my baby is now 7.5 months old and i still use this organizer!
she is now learning how to use the sippy cup and it fits on here perfectly as well!
i still give this bottle organizer 5 stars!!
dr. brown's bottles didn't fit well at all.
the back area holds a scrubbing brush (which we liked - keeps it vertical and dry), but wasn't very good at holding nipples, bottle lids (from playtex naturalatch bottles, in this case).
the bottle holders are kind of nice 4-8" tall stalks you can put the bottle on, but the stalks aren't much use for nipples.
the fix was easy, a dish towel under it.
overall easy to put together, held everything just fine, and helped me stay organized.update - we have finally weened our son and now he is full time bottle fed.
we use the playtex vent air bottle (which we love) and it does not fit!!!!
we use a munchkin wipes warmer at home.
it holds about 5-6 wipes (we use wash cloth) at a time - we roll up our wipes and not stacking them.
all the wipes stay equally warm for a long time because the heating surface is on the top.
we are planning to use this at the day care beginning tomorrow as well.
i intended to use this for a trip to texas in december.
i love it.
it keeps the wipes really warm, much warmer than the larger warmers.
my son used to scream at the top of his lungs whenever we had to change him.
holding the wipes in my hand for a minute or two to warm them up didn't seem to help.
i love the warmth of the wipes so i know he does too!
even though it's the travel version, we use it in the nursery and refill it as needed.
i highly recommend.
if using these items make sure you always have a warm wipe because your little one gets use to the warm wipes which is not always so convenient when your on the go or traveling.
i received both this warmer and a full size one (of a different brand).
it keeps the wipes moist, warm and it is small and compact.
however, it does hold about 3 to 4 days worth.
we do not even use our regular size wipe warmer because it doesn't compare to this one.
it is an inexpensive but wonderful gift!
this warmer works well and holds a good amount of wipes, but has cracked on the top after 6 months.
for the money it has worked well though, and still works.
easy to open and close with one hand and doesn't take up much space.
this thing is great.
it compact and works fast.
i only need to use an on-the-go bottle warmer sporadically in the week, and only to warm up a single room-temp bottle at a time, so this works great for me.
i bought this to warm bottles that were currently being kept cool with ice packs.
in that case, the thing works like a charm.
i do the same thing to keep baby food warm.
i imagine that if the bottle started out room temp, it might get fairly warm.
and if the bottle or food starts out warm, this will keep it warm.
it would be a great invention if it wouldn't activate itself!
to be perfectly honest, it is rather a pain.
and if you are at a resturant, it is far easier to just ask for some warm water.
i bought this so that i could warm bottles for the baby and because it came recommended from another mom.
i've had it for a few months now and i really dislike it and am going to return it if i can.problem #1--you need to plan to use it because it will take up to 20 min to warm a bottle fresh from the fridge and a little less if it's at room temp.
the activation disk is very sensitive to being bumped or rubbed and will activate the heating crystals easily.
i highly recommend this bottle warmer.
but it does warm bottles really well, just have to learn to be extra careful with it.
i own two of these and have found that they are very nice to have when out and about with baby.
this bottle warmer can chill and warm a bottle!
once used, these gel packs are in a hardened state and must be boiled to get them back to the reusable liquid state.
i have found that you cannot skimp on the boiling time and that you must be gentle with the gel packs while they are cooling.
i think that this must start the chemical process working the same way clicking the metal disk does.
(i don't know about you, but i don't trust a stranger to warm my babies bottle for me.)
this gets the bottle very nice and warm without being too hot for my baby.
it works well each and every time if you know what to expect.
it will take 30min so plan ahead.
it will keep it warm for up to 3 hours in the sleeve so you have some leeway on when to click it hot (click the button early!)
it's not the end of the world because it will keep the bottle warm until the baby is hungry.
the advantage of the price lionheart is that there is a handle with velcro that keeps the handle together so you can hang it on the stroller or hold it easily.
the dex cover is more malleable and i prefer this one but my nanny prefers the prince lionheart cover.
all in all, the heating mechanism on this and the prince lionheart one works about the same.
gets activated with the slightest bump - not good if baby is not ready for a bottle!4.
that's what we did in the end to protect our components (dvd player and receiver).
this is a life saver for anyone with toddlers.
the velcro system makes it easy to install (1 minute tops) and is strongly held together.
it's excellent and fits perfectly.
peace of mind,no more telling my son to stop messing with the tv.he is 2 and still can't remove it.
with this, it definitely works for its purpose.
also i got one for the floor heater that has buttons on the top which my younger son loves to push them and changes the temp or simply keeps pushing the power button to turn it off and on, off and on.
i give 4 star because i can see the sticker through the guard so it is not that pretty.
i use these for making my own homemade baby food.
they are great!
love these bottles!
they are a good size (6oz) and are easy to stack and store.
:c)also get the extra refill pack.
you can use these all of the time.
they're excellent!
they hold enough food, seals well in the freezer, pops out without any effort and i know exactly how much i'm feeding her.
i can make big patches of food, immediately freeze them.
easy peasy, no spills and no messing with cling wrap!
best part is they're bpa free.
while these containers are made for breast milk storage, we use them for food storage including yogurt and applesauce.we haven't had issues with the food leaking and we love that these containers stack so nicely.
both in the fridge and in the cupboard.
the only one that came open was the one that dropped on the tile floor as i pulled it out of the freezer, of course, it only came open because the container cracked and the milk cube went flying across the kitchen floor... our dog loved his treat!
i use these to store baby food in the freezer.
one container will hold a couple of servings for my baby.
i love the twist cap which stays on securely even if these containers get knocked around in my freezer bin.
otherwise, the freezing will expand and the lids will pop off.
i used these in the first year of my daughters life to store expressed breast milk.
i have the avent pump (which i love) so with the adapter i could pump right into these, very convenient.
as a disclaimer to that, i will say that i didn't transport milk daily and that i rarely filled the cups completely.i appreciate them even more now that i'm done pumping.
they're a perfect size for on the go toddler snacks.
i also use them to store "sides" for my husband and i when we take lunches to go or to store small amounts of leftovers (usually headed for my toddlers lunch the next day).overall, these are a good choice for milk storage based on their potential long-term usefulness!
the avent vias are great.
the feature i like the best is being able to connect the adapter to the container, then an o-ring and nipple and be able to feed directly without having to transfer milk to a different container.
these are great!
she uses them all the time and its made by a company she loves.
i now put my baby puree food and you can travel with.
you can use in microwave, top rack dishwasher, sterilizer and bottle warmer.
it may use use the plastic so i always clean them by hand.
i love them!
i am happy i got these, they are sturdy, good quality, easy to use and wash. very practical when breastfeeding but want to have a supply.
good size, very well made, fit directly on my manual pump.
the ablility to stack these is fantastic.i also use them to store home-made baby food, pudding, etc!
the size is perfect for toddler portions and storing bite-sized pieces of fruits and vegies, cereals, etc.
very large.
very useful.
recommended to store breast milk and reuse.
you can use it directly with the breast pump.
i pump strait into these containers, and then we are able to use the container as a bottle.
i love avent products but these sippy cups require a lot of suction.
we love this cup.
we've tried a lot of different sippy cups and the avent is mine and my 8 month old's favorite so far.
it has a nice, soft, flexible spout with little holes at the end and a valve inside.
the handles are nice but i prefer not to use them.
it also has a nice lid.
i tried the magic cup as a last resort before giving up on sippies altogether and moving straight to straw cups and i'm really glad i did.
we finally found a functional sippy cup that works well!
i bought these wanting the item showed and described--the cups with the white soft spout that come with the valve.
i was sent the newer style with the silicone spout, with the flip top lid.
that is definitely not what i was wanting and i returned them.i do love the avent magic cup, it's great.
these work well enough as sippy cups and it is nice that the parts are interchangeable from bottle to sippy.
it would be  a perfect sippy cup if not for the air vent.
i like that the nipple and the cap are interchangeable.
he even uses the tip as a chewing teething toy.
other than that, i like that i can take the top apart -- you need to clean it very well, otherwise the mold accumulates in the tip and in all fine places.
this is a great transitional cup and it has a great no-spill design.
my advice?
we ended up buying another cup at walmart that works wonderfully (totally spill proof no matter what my baby does and easy to suck as well), i just don't know the brand of it becuase it's not on the cup itself.
useful peace
i couldn't find one in the store so this was perfect.
it's original.
i love these breastshields and will continue to buy them since they are such a good price.
i've been using them for 3 months now and it is so helpful to have spare parts when i'm on the go.
they hold great suction (better than the 2-piece personal fit ones) and are easy to clean.
works great, i love my medela pump.
i keep the multi-piece breast shields for home use.
i wish the pumps came with this shield!
its so much easier to clean and use.
this breast shield does its job.
i ordered these to keep at work in my desk- lifesaver!
they are one piece- and very easy to clean.
love medela products and their customer service is top-notch!!
however, it does work with my pump; i just wish you could take the top apart.
fits everything and works wonderfully!
i love that they are one piece unlike the "puzzle-pieces" that come with the p.i.s.
plus the suction is far greater with the one piece and the price is great.
nope, it's one shield assembly.
also, make sure to note there is only one in the box.
in my experience, they are easier to clean if you have a good brush and you can see the milk stream better.
the stuff is like glue!
these are much better than the 2 piece shields that came with my medela pump, they are easy to wash and very easy to use.
i love that it doesnt breakdown in 3 pieces and it is simple to use.
perfect.
this works perfectly.
easier to clean and keep track of parts.
perfect condition.
i am renting a medela symphony, and i also have the freestyle.
i love the latter because it's a "closed" system, so milk doesn't get in the tubes.
definitely worth the trade!
it's a shame they don't come in more sizes (yet).i am using the simple wishes hands-free bra, and it works fine with these.
i know some models have small openings meant for the two-piece kits, but the simple wishes bra has one panel with a horizontal slit and another with a vertical slit, so you can get pretty much any size breastshield through it with a bit of effort, and it still holds really well once it's on.
i preferred this old style one-piece shield to the new two piece one.
i found it easier to keep track of the components and i found it better able to sustain consistent suction.
i found that i couldn't use as easily with my pumping bustier, but it does deliver a more air-tight system compared to those that pull apart.
i like that the shield is interchangeable with the valve.
i have both the one piece and these, and it's much better to purchase the ones that come apart.
especially if you are larger breasted because you might end up needing a larger shield and then if you have the one piece you'll be buying the valves.
i live this brand of breast feeding essentials.
i have the pump so i got extra and they are solid build and  it is good quality.
the *best* part about these is that milk never collects in the tubing when i use these with the pump in style advanced.
i changed the valve and white piece with no luck so i bought this.
the suction is great and it matched perfectly.
my daughter is nursing and started pumping.
she said this worked perfectly.
the milk channel is wide and therefore far easier to keep clean.
you certainly won't regret it!as a side note, i noticed another reviewer stated that these fit her perfectly and that she is a size 36b.
i'm not certain that breast size is the determining factor in fit, but i might as well mention that i am a 40e.
these are in some ways easier than the assembly that comes with most medela pumps -- instead of a separate breast shield and connector, this is just one piece that then connects to a standard valve and membrane.
but if you're careful, they're perfectly cleanable.
then when you wash them later, you're not fighting dried milk.also note that the tubing connects near the top of the back of this assembly, whereas it connects near the bottom of the standard "usual" connector -- this might impact you if you are, say, used to typing while pumping and you might wedge the connectors against the front of your desk to keep them positioned while your hands are typing!
we even used it to cover his face while walking past smokers outside of stores and malls (it has to filter the smokey air at least a little bit).now that we are into the next size in carseat, i unzipped the top half (it's removable) and use the bottom half to line the carseat.
it's great for protecting the seat from spit-up and such, also on the bitter cold days it stays quite a bit warmer than the carseat material.
it's easy to use and no hastle.
by far the best baby item!!!
it is comfortable, cozy, warm, and easier to use than a snowsuit/coat.
our son loved to cuddle down inside and fall asleep, and i never had to worry about the cold air getting to him.
it really keeps the baby warm even in the coldest winter.
when the wind is whipping, the generous front flap flips up over the carrying arm of the baby seat and also keeps the baby warm.
i hope to use it next winter also!
anyone who has a small baby during cool weather needs one of these.
it is so warm and easy to use.
i love the color cause it matches our travel system(graco quattro-mocha) and the head support fits inside the bundle me so she still has head support.
its great and i highly reccomend it!
it is warm and comfortble.
though you still will need warm hat and scarf too keep your baby warm.
we tried using a regular blanket to keep our baby warm, but they were never the right size and constantly had to be adjusted.
we put this on and it fits our car seat perfectly, was easy to install and is easy to remove, and keeps our baby warm in the very cold weather we live in.
these spare membranes are a must if you are using a breast pump.
they are so small it's easy to lose one, especially when cleaning all the breastpump and bottle parts.
they don't cost much and are worth it in terms of convenience.
however, they wear out easily and sometimes tear.
if they are not working properly then you will easily develop clogged ducts or an infection.
my membranes had cracks in them, now my pump is back to tip top shape.
plenty of spares for my pump.
very helpful.
i have no choice but keep changing them to get the best output.
these are the same as the ones that came with my pump in style pump.
honestly, there is not much to &#34;love&#34; here.
the membranes may look okay to the eye, but it is the first thing i checked when my pump lost suction, and changing them out worked everytime.
when you purchase your pump, buy an extra pack of these.
i have not needed to open this package yet because my original membranes are still in good shape!
).ok price, ships fast.
these membranes are great.
if you're pumping it's good to always have extras on hand.
these are the best.
keep them on hand if you're a pumping mom.
definitely change them if you see the little tears, but i think it's also good practice to change them when they get soft and floppy, meaning less suction.
perfect!
i am happy medela makes a replacement pack but i hate the fact that i had to buy them in the first place because the ones i had fell apart.
these membranes fit just right and work as intended.
it's recommended that with everyday use you replace your membranes every 3 months or so.
replacing these helps so much with pumping.
good quality membranes.
definitely keep a spare set of these with your pump...
it is well worth the cost to keep some spares on-hand.
these arrived exactly as described and are essential to keeping my pump in tip top shape.
and a-ha!
to the human eye, they don't look worn out after 2 months, and you don't stop to think about it.
but something about their strength vs. elasticity that makes the difference.
these membranes are important if you have a pump in style advanced.
from cleaning and daily use, these membranes hold up well, but will occasionally fail.i pumped multiple times a day for 4 months before one failed and decided to change both membranes out just to get a stronger suction.
no one told me that i should have spare membranes when i started pumping.
these work very well with a medela pump in style advanced system.
very pleased.
good to have some extra membranes around since they're small and easily misplaced, especially if you travel with your pump.
i use my pump three times a week (work in an office those days) and wasn't changing these out.
especially if you are engorged and need to pump and one of these tears/stops working.
they are inexpensive and needed to make your pump work!
well, they finally started tearing at the base of where you attach the membrane to the valve.
medela is the best and these membranes are perfect.
easy to replace and keep my pump running like new.
i have the pump in style advanced and they fit fine.
these tiny pieces are so easy to lose in the sink, it's great to have a pack of replacements around.
and the membranes do wear out if you take them apart to truly clean your pump.
it is a great investment.
our first son slept in it for 2 months and then refused to sleep in it.
our second refused to sleep in it period (even padding it with a small quilt).
it is not worth $200.
my son is 3 weeks and preferred our arms at first but now sleeps in the co sleeper.
as with many things, when my son was first born i didn't see the real value of this.
despite its lackluster appearance, it works quite well.
it's nice being able to reach over so easily and just comfort him/myself.
i have a small bed, and other co-sleeping arrangements won't work, aren't safe.
this keeps him super close to me while also keeping him safe.i also like that it's quite large.
it is quite sturdy and safe.
the bottom line is that it is sturdy, allows my son to sleep right next to me safely, seems durable, and is attractive.
the pockets are great.
my son still sleeps in it at seven months old, though our co-sleeper days are numbered due to his steadily increasing mobility.
when my son was a newborn, he would only sleep while being held, and i ordered this in a sleep-deprived haze hoping that it would help.
while this does allow you to comfortably sleep and rest with a hand on your baby's back, count on your baby being one or two feet away from you while in the co-sleeper.
the co-sleeper didn't help us through my son's exhausting first couple of months.
of far more help wasthe happiest baby on the block: the new way to calm crying and help your newborn baby sleep longer.
the co-sleeper has, however, provided us with some extremely happy nights and mornings.
my son has torticollis and it's best if he can sleep with his head tilted a certain way, and this allows me to check his position whenever i happen to wake up during the night.
and it is just wonderful to fall asleep while watching my sleeping baby, and so much fun to wake up next to each other.
for these reasons, i love the co-sleeper.
probably not.as for the pack 'n' play function, it's a sturdy and solid pack 'n' play.
for us, definitely not.two more quick notes.
i actually have our graco pack 'n' play bottom with a quilted sheet on top of the arm's reach mattress, adding a little softness (though the arm's reach mattress is ok) and bringing my baby a little higher and closer to me.
we wanted to keep our son in our room with us for at least the first six months of his life, per aap recommendations, and it was helpful to us to have this in our room instead of the big crib.
i definitely would not have felt good about having my son in the mini for more than a few months.
the full-sized co-sleeper is truly the size of a pack 'n' play, which means it takes up a lot of room next to the bed, but that also provides plenty of room for the baby.
i don't think this is a very good value -- our ikea crib is rock-solid, highly rated by consumer reports and baby bargains, will last until my son is a toddler, and cost 2/3 of this co-sleeper.
on the other hand, it's hard to put into words how wonderful it is to have my son nearby, now that he's willing to sleep there.
if you have a newborn who is willing to sleep in it, this would be so helpful during those early months.
if you have room in your budget, it is really wonderful to have.
we got both mini and the original, and we thought we would keep the original.
we expect more considering what it's worth.
our son is huge, he outgrew it.
the concept is nice, the baby is within the arm's reach.
and accessories will be a lot cheaper.
we love using our co-sleeper.
i also love that it is easy to pull him into our bed for nighttime feedings.
the baby slept soundly in it, though, and we never had an issues with the mattress.
it folds into a very compact and sturdy box complete with handles.
love the co-sleeper.
i have twins and both fit in it great.
the quality of the bed is great, and i love that eventually i'll be able to use it as a full sized playpen when we're ready.
i love that i can collapse it for traveling and that it came with a tote for travel.
i find the pockets on the sides of it to be very useful to stash things i may need in the middle of the night.
i have unattached it from our bed and put it against a wall where it is still easily accessible at night, but where i won't find it such an obstacle to climb around.
this bassinet really made our lives easier in those sleep-deprived first weeks that baby came home.
nice!
now that my son is older we use it as a play yard.
this worked wonderfully!
the construction and detail that this possesses suggests a mother designed it.
it is well worth every penny!!!
i bought this co-sleeper on the strong recommendation of a friend - a lactation consultant - who used it to make midnight feedings easier on herself.
the sleeper makes it so easy to reach for baby in the middle of the night, nurse, burp and lay baby back down without ever leaving the comfort of the bed and certainly without having to walk down the hall.
and once baby outgrows the bassinet, you can convert it into a playpen.
my complaints about this one are that it isn't tall and if you need to change baby on it often while you are standing (it happens if you don't want a second changing table in the master bedroom) it can strain your back.
i got around this by purchasingamerican baby company 100% organic cotton interlock fitted pack n play sheet, natural.
they fit the co-sleeper perfectly and cost less than those offered from arm's reach.
**update 12/01/2013** baby is now a year old and we are still getting great usage out of this.
she gets to play near us and see/hear us but be safe so it works for all.
i love our co-sleeper!!!
they have sleep in the co-sleeper since coming home and it is perfect!
the original size is great for twins or for one baby who is bigger.
you can also buy lifts, but our bed is pretty tall and we didn't need them.
the angelcare angelcare baby movement and sound monitor, blue sleep monitor does work with it as well.note this is a heavy co-sleeper.
the by your side sleeper was great to use for the newborn stage and to have baby safely right in bed with you.
i am currently using it as a changing table to get baby used to it so i can hopefully transition easier soon.
the co-sleeper is a nice size and i like that it has mesh all around the mattress area on the liner for breath ability.
i also love that the co-sleeper turns into a playard so i can use it after outgrows co-sleeper.
it's a great value.
i haven't put them on since i haven't attached to bed yet.i boughtcontinental quilting quilted waterproof multi-use padfor extra cushion on top of the mattress pad and it will also absorb any leaks that might happen.
it fits the co-sleeper great and covers the whole mattress pad.i also boughtamerican baby company organic interlock pack n play sheetsince i wanted a nicer softer sheet.
it fits the co-sleeper perfectly and its super soft.
it is so wonderful to be able to see her at all times without having to get up (or look down!).
the co-sleeper makes nighttime feedings so much easier, and life easier in general because we all got more sleep.
i highly recommend it, and i tell all new parent friends about it.
our son is a big boy.
other than that it was fairly easy top setup.
i absolutely love the cosleeper.
we have used it for our daughter since she was a newborn, and it is still going strong at 16 months.
as a newborn, we used the bassinet feature against our bed as a cosleeper.
the bassinet feature was so wonderful to have;i didn't have to bend over to the floor after giving birth to pick her up.
my wife and i are very happy with this purchase.
we love the dual use and the ease of breaking it down for travel.
it is of good quality and converts into a 'pack n play' when your baby gets more mobile/crawling.
we use it as a crib, still next to our bed, even in the pack n play mode.
our son loves it still, at 8 months old.
the attached side pockets (3 of them) are great for storing blankets, pacifiers, burp cloths, etc.
we are very happy with ours and will use it for future babies as well.
the basinette of the arm's reach is much, much sturdier and still supports our now 21-pound baby.
i love this!
we loved co-sleeping with our daughter and this product has contributed to our joy.
we don't trust hotel cribs and when visiting family or friends who don't have cribs or playards, this has been perfect!
my parents have the mini co-sleeper and although she can still fit in it when we go to grandma's (our daughter is 16 pounds, 26 inches long now), i don't like using it because with her arms stretched out (like she always sleeps), they touch the sides and this wakes her up.
so, i highly recommend if you are between this and the mini, to get this one if you want it to last a while.
her arms could touch the sides of the other at around 4 months.
now, we'll have it set up as a playard in the living room to carry outside in the backyard for summer-time fun!
however, i find that my son whose 7 weeks old is just not comfortable in it.
we checked it out at a local baby store first and definitely examined it pretty well, comparing the size and checking how supportive it was before purchasing it here (we definitely found the best price here).
however, since we're planning on using it for twins, it's a great size.
the co-sleeper support seems very strong, and there's no obvious dips or flimsiness anywhere, unlike some similar products we looked at, so i think it will support our twins nicely.
the materials seem very durable and look quite nice and of good quality.
we've heard that king sized pillow cases work great as covers for the sleeping pad, and are cheaper than the fitted sheets that you can get, so we're definitely going to go that route for extra sheets.
it's definitely been one of my favorite baby purchases so far (along with the fisher-price newborn rock n' play seats, and the mamaroo infant seats).
again, the directions are of absolutely no help.
in part because the co-sleeper makes it harder, but still worth it.
especially is her sleep is tentative.
this co-sleeper is the best!!
it sits right by your bed and is safe!!
i loved the idea of a co sleeper.
it was the perfect height for my bed.
perfect for the parent who is practical, wants to sleep safely near their newborn.
when they outgrow the bed it turns into a playpen- fantastic!
the color is great too, who doesn't like "natural"?
also, all the covers and linings are machine washable- super easy to assemble, disassemble, etc.
i am 8 months pregnant, with the backaches and discomforts typical of that stage.
i feel confident that he is safe while sleeping in the co sleeper.
you just need a bit of patience.
i have the original co-sleeper and love it despite a few issues.
it works great.
*when i converted it from co-sleeper to bassinet, i had trouble raising the bar to the top slot.despite these issues, it has been the perfect bed.
when my son was very new, i used it as a co-sleeper right beside my bed.
the co-sleeper is also the perfect height.
i don't strain my back getting my son in and out of it.
my son is now 4 mos.
waking up to that beautiful sleeping face in the morning, nothing beats that!4.
can be used as a stand alone bassinet and changing table, too.5.
(holds up to 30lbs as a co-sleeper and up to 50lbs as a play pen)cons:1.
instead, i use eddie bauer's playpen sheet.eddie bauer quilted playpen sheet - ecruthey fit perfectly, wash really well, are soft, thick and cheaper than the co-sleeper sheets.
to keep baby safe, i also added the basic comfort sleep positioner.
basic comfort sleep soundly my little girl stays on her back through the night and i sleep with peace of mind.2.
it just depends on what's more important to you.
it is still in excellent condition.
the sheets are soft, of good quality and a great price!
when i unpacked the co-sleeper i was really excited because our daughter sleeps in our bed right now and the idea of having her so close but not in our bed was a wonderful thought.
it is a great sleeper to have in the room with you but its still large.
oh well...
some people love it, some people don't.my suggestion before buying one is to put a standard playard next to your bed a couple nights, to get the feel of the size, then you'll know if you can deal with it.
we ended up sleeping side ways on our bed and had baby in bed with us.
we've finally converted it to an independent unit/play yard and it's in the living room.
we got this and a chicco play yard and my son does not like this as much as the chicco.
this review is for the universal bedside co-sleeper, which is exactly the same as the original except it's sized for beds that are 18-24 inches tall (the original is sized for beds that are 24 inches tall and taller).after only a few weeks of using a traditional, high-sided cradle for our baby (who gets up to nurse several times in a night), we decided that we needed something to make moving the baby between her bed and ours easier.
also, the pad is good protection for the mattress in case of nighttime accidents, since the mattress is made only of cloth with no plastic cover (unlike typical cradle mattresses).
be sure to buy at least one extra fitted sheet when you purchase the bed (one is included with the bed itself) since regular crib or cradle sheets won't fit.my only complaint so far is that the solid fabric sides of the co-sleeper prevented me from hanging my baby's crib toys on the bed.
we were given this co-sleeper by a friend and absolutely love it.
i have both a graco pack n play (pnp) as well as this co-sleeper.
my son was in this for almost a year.
first as bassinet and then as pack and play, right next to our bed.
i got to have my space, and he got to have his, and we were both happy and close to nurse!
the original co-sleeper is still great after 8 months.i use the 4 side pockets on a daily basis to store diapers, blankets, etc.
having the top level means i didn't have to break my back lifting her in and out throughout the night.
we already have a 2 year old son, and he has slept in our bed from birth--hated his crib!
i love that it is portable, it can convert to a freestanding bassinet, also serve as a changing table, and later a playpen!
great functionality!
also, i love all the side pockets!
great for diaper storage and such.
it also has most of the same great features.my only dilemma is we ordered the leg extension set because we have a pillowtop mattress, making our bed rather high.
it might just be my protruding belly and waning strength though....
it is also very sturdy, we are pleased so far.
excited to start using it =)
my husband and i love this co sleeper.
it's so nice to just stay in bed and reach over to give her the pacifier and also know she's safe in the co sleeper.
i bought the eddie bauer sheet a lot of people recommended, but i use that as a mattress pad under the sheet that came with it.
pockets are great for diapers and wipes for night time diaper changes.
we waited a couple of weeks and it isn't an easy job when you are sleep deprived.
it moves easily.
i like the fact that it can store a lot of things on the sides.
i have 2 children both under age 3 and these have been wonderful!
since installing these under the carseats clean up has been quick and easy.
they also protect my seats from the indents caused by carseats.
and it protects the seats well from muddy little shoes.i'd agree that the back protector doesn't quite go up high enough, and it does slide around a bit when placed underneath a booster-style seat (that isn't anchored down with a latch system) but otherwise i'm happy with what i got for the purchase price.
good item.
i have a child to protect it, and also protects the vehicle seat.
so far works just fine.
i bought 2 of these when we got new seats for our girls.
i love them!
they also help the seat grip better when being installed.
both work like a champ.
it is also not really large enough to catch spills.
i am sure this is true of any protector, but installation can be tricky.
provides good coverage for my leather seats with the grand children's car seats.
it also provides front pockets for storage of snacks or toys.
my vehicle stays organized and the kids always have what they want or need.
these are great for protecting leather seats, and cloth seats!
these fit perfectly and we're super easy to put on my seats.
this pad helps the carseat stay in place/not slide on the leather seats.
i bought 2 of these, one for each vehicle, for use under our son's car seat.
these are a worth investment.
they have cuts to make sure they don't get in the way of the latch set up and do a great job at protecting leather and being easy to clean.
it's also handy because it has a little bag that you can use for a pacifer (makes it easy to locate a spare while driving).
this one was a great price and is good quality.
we are pleased with our purchase.
this is such a simple idea, and thankfully, effective.
it isn't huge but it fits our convertible car seat and also the booster (one seat protector for each car seat).
i recommend it if you want to keep your seats in good shape.
material is good quality and the height on the back is perfect (vs the higher ones) because our car seats really don't touch the back enough to justify a higher back - recommend checking to see if you need a higher or shorter back protector.
well-made seat protector!
i love the pockets in the front!
we've had one of these installed on one seat for a few years and the condition of the seat without the seat protector versus the one with the seat protector is obvious.
i do have the best method for tightening those seats that still use straps for installation.
if you have the captain style chairs, install the seat tightly with the chair reclined and then push that seat back up as far as possible and your carseat will not budge, not even a millimeter; and the slipperiness of the seat protector is moot.
we use these under our car seats to protect the leather of the back seat of our car.
this protects the seat well and is shaped just right for using the latch system.
perfect!
often and see that it seems to be doing the job nicely.
each time i look at it i feel a sense of happiness that this beautiful car's seats are being protected as best they can.we have not yet figured out how to connect the seat to the latch system, only because we haven't had the time to read the instructions on the seat.
ordered for our upcoming baby!
this is super easy to install in your car and it works well to prevent marks on the seat.
i have one under my infant seat and my toddlers harnessed booster.
in my toddler's one i have an extra toy and a small book, and in my infant's i have an extra set of clothes.
the shape of this protector has worked well with both my honda bench seat and a tahoe captain's chair.
this didn't tuck in so well with the bench seat, but worked perfectly on the captain's chair.
the protector doesn't slide anyways.
the nonslip material on the bottom works great.
i purchased this to use under the carseat i purchased for my granddaughter.i drive a honda civic and it works perfectly to protect the cloth seats.
great quality and very heavy duty.
provides good protection for my seats.
this works great it our car.
we are going to get a new car with leather & this seat cover will be perfect.
nicely executed.
also may (my theory) protect from the carseat base abrading the seat fabric.pros:  not much to it.
simple.
and therefore must usually be kept plugged in.
one interesting this about it, though, is that the part that stays in the baby's room went through the wash accidently one time and it still works.
i have 2 other monitors and the sound on this one is far superior to the others.
i have found it great at picking up the stirring noises my child makes so i am able to get to my little one before the real crying begins.
there is definitely a lot of static, but the receivers seem very sensitive also.
one of the receivers quit working after the first battery change and we had to exchange it - luckily still within 90 days.bad thing about receivers - they will not take rechargeable batteries.
i have been using mine for ten months and my son has enjoyed using the monitors as toys, so they have taken a fair beating.
they go camping with us as well.
he is 3 1/2 y/o and it is still in top condition having survived moving and being slightly abused.
it's crystal clear and has been going strong for almost 5 years now.
we bought and returned four different (more expensive) baby monitors before finding the first years monitor.
i like the simple design.
just 2 channels and a volume control dial that can be turned to mute while the lights still indicate sound.
it's not as quiet as the digital monitors we tried, but i can definitely live with it.
it is very sensitive to baby's noises.
the light indicators work and are also pretty accurate in measuring baby sounds.
and amazingly it is such a good price.
if you are looking for a basic, inexpensive baby monitor that works, then look no further!
she told me she'd started with an expensive brand monitor, only to find issues with it, and replaced it with the first years monitor.
wow, so glad i took her advice!
nice clear sound, all the way down two stories to my laundry in the basement!
my son loves the mirror up above him.
we always say his talking to his peeps!
overall we are very happy with this unit!
i love that this swing goes both side to side and back and forth.
overall i have been very happy with this swing and found it well worth the money.
great deal if you can get it on sale and it's an older design.
love, love, love this swing as does my infant child.
really like that it swings sideways as well as back and forth.
my 5 week old son likes this swing.
he watches the mobile and is entertained by the music.
overall, this is a great purchase.
i don't know if it is necessarily worth the money, but still a nice swing.update: as my son has gotten older (now 9 weeks), he likes the swing even more.
definitely a great swing!
definitely better for a baby past 2 or 3 months old.i didn't have any of the safety issues with this that other reviewers have noted, thankfully.
my favorite feature is that is not only sways (side to side) but it rocks back and fourth as well.
it easily folds up to fit standing up in a small space and the turning mobile is adorable.
my seven week old son has loved this swing since he was just a few days old.
he loves to look at the mirror and the bird/bugs/leaves as they move around.
the music and sound feature is great too.
i highly recommend it.
my son is now 8 months old (and ~19lbs) and still needs his swing most days for naptime (sometimes with the motion on and sometimes just with the "mobile" on) -- we have tried and tried to have him sleep in his crib with very minimal success.
plus, f-p has really, really good customer service for their swings -- when the bird on our papasan mobile stopped moving for some reason they sent us out a whole new motor housing unit free of charge (so now...
while our aquarium one still gets used by our son at daycare, i have to admit that were i to do it all over again...
;)
our newborn loved this swing, we loved it because he always fell esleep in it for naps!
it's got some nice bells and whistles, but in my opinion it's a bit expensive.
this is a great swing and my daughter loves it.
she likes to look at the moving birds and leaves at the top.
i love that you can change swinging directions.
worth every penny!
this is a wonderful swing.
my lesson: she has the cutest smile i could ever imagine!please remember to keep your baby buckled in when he/she uses it, and be sure to keep an eye on your baby in this swing.
this is the best swing ever!
she still loves it.
it allows her to sleep on a slight incline and it cradles her.
she loves it and the incline helps her to breath better!
it is a life saver!
(one on each level of our house!)
it has saved our lives!
it is of very nice quality- well constructed and safe, with comfortable soft lining.
and it works really well.
also, the sounds console baby if the swinging alone doesn't work.
and if swinging side to side doesn't work, then often swinging front to back will relax baby.
it's amazing.
battery life is decent, but wish they had a ac plug in model.
this swing is excellent.
the seat is nice and deep for an infant (my 3 week old loves it) and the music is great...there are 5 different songs on the swing that are soft and play for a long time.
the songs also end at a reasonable time while the swing keeps going.
this swing is great, my baby is both entertained by it and put to sleep by it, it's really comfy and soft, he loves the noises and especially the mirror.
the cover is easily removable and washes up great.
this swing is not just beautiful, but very comfortable.
our daughter just turned 3 months old, and she loves this swing.
yes, it was pretty fast at first because she was little--but i took care of that by putting her blanket(thick/heavy) on her and that kind of slowed the swing a little bit.
the music, mobile, and mirror are adorable.
the papasan seat is wonderful for newborns because it is more reclined, more padded, and comfortable, not to mention beautiful.as far as battery use, we've only replaced it one time so far in the 3 months that we have used it (a lot!
), so i would say that is pretty good and well worth it.
she still loves to stare at herself in the overhead mirror.cons:-needs to have a plug-in option.
he has loved it ever since.
it puts him to sleep when mommy has something to get done, he will look at himself in the mirror, he loves the music, and he watches his baby einstein videos while in it.
you will love it.
we could not be happier with our papasan swing, my daughter is 3 months old and has loved it since she was 2-3 weeks old.
at first it was a way to get her back to sleep during those sleepless nights.
now it is just a nice place for her to relax, she loves staring at the mobile and the music is pleasant enough for me to play over and over...  she'll take naps in it every once in a while but she would rather just hang out and enjoy it!
i love that it has two positions, one of which is more reclined.
if your baby has fallen asleep in the swing, thanks to the bar, there really isn't a good way to get him out without waking him.
the upside is this: rocking the swing by hand gives you about 5 or more minutes of gentle rocking time till the next manual push.
keep your baby in the seat sparingly.
we used this quite a bit with our premmie 4 pound baby girl as it did an excellent job of swaddling her.
however, even the lowest speed felt like it might start hovering and take off!
lovely neutral calm colours and can rock side-to-side and back-and-forth which are the 2 reasons we bought it.
nice selection of music/woodsy sounds.
the mirror is a wonderful idea.
quite expensive, would look at others you can use longer and perhaps a bit more portable.
i love the look and colors of this swing.
i know this is a very popular swing but found the construction and stability to be a little wabbly and not that great.i like that its a cradle and all the functions but feel its a little over priced and does what most other swings do.with my first son i had a regular graco 6 speed that i ended up giving to a friend and i wish i hadn't because i prefered that one.
the soothing music and sounds are very pleasant and my son likes to look at himself in the mirrored part.
this is an outstanding swing in both quality and function.
very attractive and durable as well.
the fabric seat washes well.
my son will sleep for hours in this swing, which is a huge help for his reflux.
as a newborn he fits into the swing nicely, and there is clearly much more use of this swing for months to come.
this swing is definitely worth the extra expense!update march 06:  at 7 months, my son continues to enjoy this swing.
it has now become a fun enjoyable time for him to sit upright and play with the toy tray, enjoy the mirror and singing birdies overhead, and also his favorite place to watch his video.
this is a great swing that can be used right from birth until they are tipping it over!
sill a great buy in my opinion.
this swing truly is a lifesaver.
our daughter is 4 months old and still uses it almost every day.
she enjoys the mobile above and soothing music.
at first i didnt want to pay the high price for this swing but i finally decided this was the best one for my son because it reclined back.
he still sleeps in it at 11 weeks now during the day for his naps and he loves it.
it has several different songs and sounds to pick from and you can adjust the seat to sit up more or lean back more.
it is worth the price!
our infant sits so snugly in the swing, so she sleeps in it easily.
there are several levels to turn it up or down to, unlike most noisy toys.this sits nicely in our living room.
it's perfect!
i decided to purchase this swing after reading all the wonderful "mommy" reviews.
my son adored this swing from day 1.
the moving bugs/birds over head were one of his favorite features although he enjoyed looking in the mirror also.
the music/sound options are great although the music does sound funny when the batteries are starting to run low.
the only downside i found was that once my son was 15 lbs, the swing had a hard time moving him in the front to back motion.
he loves the mobile and he easily spends 1 hour or more happily swinging away.
the seat is nicely padded with the head rest and i love the globe mirror on the bottom.
my daughter and nephew seem like they enjoyed the sounds.
this would be the perfect swing if it had an a/c adapter because it does eat batteries even the expensive ones.
my daughter has enjoyed it through many stages.
love that you can recline back, change position etc.
doesn't work for all babies (i have a friend who's son did not like swings at all) but this is a great one for babies that love movement like mine.
the mobile is realy nice, he loves it.
i love the different speed settings and volume.
this swing really is the best, and the color doesnt scream look at me look at me!
which keeps the attention away from our usually cranky and sleepy son!
we love it because it swings two ways.
it has to stand on two legs because you need to turn the swing.
that's the only feature that is absolutely fantastic about it.
my husband bought this swing and we love it so much.
i will recommend it to all my friends... nice job fisher price!
with a blanket over his legs slowing the swing down to a safe speed.. that work wonderful intil he was to heavy to ride in the swing...but over all the mess and fuss!
we got though the first 6months with this swing and it stays at my sisters house and he also loves his link-a-doo's take along swing at granny's house!!
over all its a great swing!
this swing has been though a move and yet...my brother in law's aunt wanted to borrow this swing!
my sister would not allow her to though...she has a graco 6-speed swing and hates it!
we love this swing and are keeping it safe in my nephew room
my son loves this swing now at 7 weeks old.
now that she is 3 months old, we still use this swing constantly.
it has been a life saver!
it looks so comfy and is very quiet.
this is a great swing--i feel really good laying my son down to sleep in it b/c it is very pillowy and soft.
my three week old son has loved this swing since the day he came home from the hospital!the only set back is a temporary one.
my son was under 7lbs.
if i want him to swing i just give it a gentle push every couple of minutes or so and he seems happy.
my baby was comfortable in it from the beginning and it is so quiet we don't even notice it.
when my daughter started sleeping for about 5 hours at night, she wouldn't always be happy with going back to bed.
my daughter also doesn't like sleeping in her crib during the day and she will always nap in her swing.
i highly recommend this to any mom who may want free hands or a nap!
she loved the soft, cradling seat from the start and the music and nature sounds were a nice distraction from the mayhem of her 3 sisters.
as she got a bit older the mobile caught her eye and for the past month or so she has just loved to goo and talk to herself in the shiny mirror.
she and her husband are so impressed with how calm essie is in it.
i heard rave reviews about this swing, and how it was a life saver for many parents.
our son liked it okay, but not for any length of time.
the tray on the front with the little toys and rattles never interested my son at all.
he lost interest in this swing very quickly.on the other hand, it does have a quiet motor, and it looks very cozy for small infants.
it's neutral colors look great in any decor.
she of course grew out of her fussy stage but she still loves being in her swing and we still use it everyday.she is now 4 months old and really gets a kick out of the spinning mobile and mirror above her.
she will smile and coo at herself in this swing for hours if we let her.
it is soft and goes well with our decor.
of all of the items available, i love the fisher price cradle swings the best.
one of the best things i have found is that the side to side motion is great for babies with reflux.
a child with reflux should never be left to swing back and forth because that motion will almost always bring up his/her last meal.
the side to side motion is much more gentle for babies with these problems.
she used it constantly for her first 14 months.
the seat looked enviably comfortable.
the mobile is exceptionally cute.
it's very cute.
everyone who visits goes on and on about how cute it is.
it's best view is for the adults who are admiring how "cute" it is.
hmmm.the mirror above the baby is pretty nice.
my son seems to like it.
okay, this isn't the fault of the swing but still, it has to be mentioned.we have a huge living room, but this swing takes up a lot of room.
it's a real bugger to move (and i am constantly moving it) and while it does "fold" up (sort of) it's a bigger pain that just lugging it out of the way.even the lowest setting moves pretty fast.
well, my kid was born at 9 pounds.
?it is quiet.
the sound/music features are nice even though we hardly use them.
it does seem sturdy and comfortable.
it's a nice swing.
perfect for the littlest babies.
we put our son in it for all of 10 seconds, took him out, packed it back up and returned it.
when we returned it, my husband told the cashier at babies r us that six flags should buy the rights to this swing, and that it tried to kill our son.
i thought it looked cool and loved the colors.
these are my only complaints about the swing, and since both are so minor, i still gave it 5 stars.
if you want a quiet, comfy, soothing place for your baby to relax, then i highly recommend this swing!
it is well padded all around and the pad comes off for easy washing.the swing is relatively quiet although there is a constant clicking sound.
the sounds are pleasant and the mobile has become a point of interest for her at this age.
i can't tell you how many times my sleeping and happy baby wakes up crying because the swing has stopped swinging.
the seat seems to snuggle our baby and she is very comfortable in it.
our baby likes looking at the mirror directly above her.
overall, this swing has been a tremendous help in soothing our baby.
at first my son hated this swing.
he looooves the mobile at the top.
he will sit in it for a while mesmerized by the music and the reflective covering.
finally, this seat has provided a good place for baby to nap.
our son has acid reflux so we've been instructed to keep him slightly upright when he sleeps soon after eating.
this seat is perfect.
after about a month she loves it and sits in it for fair ammounts of time.
she is always very comfortable and this swing accomodates small babies very well.
the motor is quiet, and i love that the swing will go side to side or front to back.
i also love the neutral colors.
we keep it in our living room and it just blends in.
we bought this swing when our 18 month old was just 3 weeks old and he loved.
i called the customer service number.
they sent us a whole new top of the swing: motor and mobile part in just a few days.
we were so pleased.we can't wait for our new baby to come and be able to use this wonderful swing.
my baby coos at the mobile, and i think she likes the shiny mirror on the underside of the mobile.3) the seat seems like it is very comfortable for my baby.
it even has a nice pillow so her head doesn't roll around.4) it has a completely removable toy tray.
this frustrates her and she starts crying, because my baby loves to be able to look around and see what's going on.3) the seat only has two positions--reclined or upright.
hey, at least this swing comes with toys on the toy tray, unlike the graco 6-speed model!all in all, this is a really great swing.
yes, the swing is pretty expensive, but i think for the quality of the swing, it is worth it.
after all this isn't a small portable swing, it pretty much stays where it is.
the second suggestion would be to allow the music play until i turn it off.otherwise, this swing is perfect!
my baby loves the mirror over her to look up and stare at the "other" baby above her.
this is a fabulous swing.
she loves the mirror feature and sometimes will watch the birds and leaves go round.
i guess some of them don't like the swing they have at home, but as soon as they hit that papasan, they are all happy little babies.all in all, i highly recommend this swing.
can't live without it!!!
my daughter who is now 8 weeks loves her swing.
but now she is 9lb 10oz and is just right for the swing - not to fast.
she sits and stares at the world from the seat and it always puts her to sleep.
it is very quiet as well.
it is definitely the best swing on the market with all of its bells and whistles, stability, versatility, and even looks.
you can turn the chair so it rocks froward to back of leave it in position so it rocks outwards and back.
also w/ each swing one side of the contraption at the back of the leg moves slightly up from the floor.
this is great!
when his sight got better, he loved watching the birds and leaves that circle above.
it's great for calming her down and for long naps.
i highly recommend this.
this swing is quiet, has a mobile, and has music or white noises of all sorts.
the mobile and the music will operate separately if you want which is nice if your baby prefers one over the other.
it has very soft fabric in soothing colors (that will also fit nicely into your family room decor).
at first it swung a little fast for my taste but that is not a big deal.
at first my baby just loved the feeling of moving side to side and it entertained her long enough to get a few things done around the house.
now, she loves to stare at the mobile and listen to the music.
she is one of those babies who loves to be swaddled.
they are neutral and look great in my living room.
this swing is very quiet!
she is 3 months and loves to look into the mirror and talk to herself!
this swing is neutral and very attractive!
and the best part - speaking of newborns - the swing will swing sideways or front to back.
the swing does have music as well as other nature sounds.
i love it though and would buy it again and again!
but my daughter is now 6 months and still enjoys  the swinging and music.
we had originally registered for a different swing, but none of us could resist how cute and cozy this swing looked.
(wouldn't you want to doze in an adult-sized version of this swing?!
)during her first 6 weeks my daughter would only sleep while moving (i.e.
in our arms and doing laps around the house!).
i especially like that it doesn't have that huge plastic thing that goes between the legs like other swings... this allows us to lay her in it completely swaddled.
i dread the day she outgrows it!this swing is definitely the best one on the market!
my little one practically lived in it the first 2 months of her life, now she is a little more mobile at almost 4 months, so she probably has about another 2 months of use for this swing--still, it's well worth it!
we will absolutely use it if we have more kids.
however, my son did not like it at all.
my son is medium sized and there is still plenty of room for him to grow.
it does go through batteries pretty quickly but its worth it.
well just like the baby papasan bouncer, this was our daughters second swing.
she also has the ocen wonders swing and adores it.we get this one because she has some minor breathing problems and sleep better in an upright type poistion.
just like our papasan.
it has all the same great features as the fish swing.
:o)
this swing is by far the best swing on the market.
my daughter loves it.
it's quiet enough to not irritate parents, but plenty entertaining to babies.
it has several speeds, sounds, and swings two different motions.
the motor is very quiet.the colors of the swing, and fabric are very neutral and calming.
we love the option to use the swing, or the cradle.
we moved it up into our bedroom because our son sleeps the longest stretches in it at night.
he is three months old now, and is now interested in the mobile, and mirror above.
the music keeps him interested/or asleep.
i even love the back pocket, which is useful for extra pacifiers in our case!
very unique and different from other swings.
unlike other swings this swing is very roomy!
the padding is excellent!
it's in the right places and with the right amount of it too!
it plays great music that you'll love also!
and the mobile is so adorable, you'll both get a kick out of it.
it's quiet, it has adjustble settings, different sounds, and is just plain great!
children are precious, it only takes one mistake/accident to change our lives forever.
original review follows...when we first got this swing for our big baby boy (3 months and 16 pounds already!!
), i loved it.
the glow is the motor sparking!!
we originally bought this because of it's neutral design and look of absolute comfort.
it is wonderful.
fairly easy to put together.
but as my friends say, my baby lives in her swing.
it has two different swinging positions, both of which my baby likes.
it has two seat positions.
if nothing else makes her happy her swing will.
this swing is wonderful and if i could give more than five stars i would.
the controls are easy to use.
i am on baby number three and this is the best swing we have owned by far.
she has reflux and it keeps her in a nice upright,  reclined position.i think the design works well for newborns.
it is a battery eater-we use about a pack of d batteries a week but anything to keep her happy works for me.
beautiful toy box.
perfect for my daughters nursery.
high quality, very pleased.
we also preferred not to have a bright, plastic box in the same room we have adult company, so this works perfectly.
but i suggest that newco international either changes its answering system to include an extension for customer service, or provides a different phone number on the stickers you put in your products.
the blue is a good color.
nice size toy box and a lot of my daughters toys fit in it.
the inside isn't lined with anything and is just particle board.
thankfully amazon has free returns because this one is going right back.
not worth the $106 that is on the price tag.
the ball also has a cute face that vibrates when you pull it out.
it isn't very sensitive to touch i guess.
it features a magnetic hand that she loves to pull away from the lady bug over and over.
she also likes to play with the attached rattle and there is a crinkle flower she enjoys as well.
she pulls the head out and carries it by the head, and she kicks it around like a ball.i bet if she was even younger she would have more fun with it.
my son loves this thing.
he rolls is around, hits it to make it make noise and pulls on the plastic rattle.
great purchase.
#1 basket - tiny, but this is an umbrella stroller after all.#2 maneuverability - excellent.it rides great!
it doesn't keep the sun out of my baby's eyes, nor does it protect her from rain when she's in a "reclined" position.
the wire frame is ackward, and although i can get the canopy not to slide of the wires it's still a pain to deal with it.
i bought this stroller to use in the airport and back home visiting relatives.
i love how sturdy this felt while being lightweight at the same time!
it is durable, made it through two major airports, and bounced around our suv.
i love the 5 point harness since our 8 month old daughter is short and petite and i felt like the 3 point harness was not secure enough ( we had considered the trendsport light).
love the fabric and has withstood feedings and trips outdoors.
now that our son is 6 months old, we just switched to the chico capri stroller.
we love how easily it folds up and have been impressed with how sturdy and comfortable it is.
our son seems very comfortable and happy inside, even on long walks.
(we also have him fully reclined, so in the upright position i'm sure you gain more space.
)i love the canopy and the fact that it can bend downward to help shield their faces from the sun.i think this is a fantastic lightweight stroller i'm thrilled to have found something that i can easily take on the plane and use for hours on end while away.
first of all, it comes completely assembled which is fantastic!
my daughter is 31" tall and 25 pounds and is very squirmy and it holds her just great.
this is not true for this stoller.
our son attends daycare at a large community center and we also wanted something to helps us easily get in and out of the building.
i've called the company and we are going to return it and look into purchasing a different model.
i was pleased to find a lightweight stroller with a 5 point harness, since my baby is still little.i love that it has a shoulder strap, because i live in a second floor apartment.
after a little practice, i can very easily open and close this stroller with one hand and a foot.
i love the bright red, and it stays clean easily.
the pockets on the side of the canopy are perfect for my keys, cell phone, wallet, etc.
but we're getting better at adjusting our stride.
it has such great features that grow with your child.
my son was not the best napper, but he very often fell asleep in this chair in the reclined position.
it washes beautifully... dries quickly and keeps it's color.
a friend of mine has the peg perego with the plastic "wipable" seat cover, but her son sweats too much when sitting on the plastic and there is always some sort of dried food caked in the corners.
all 4 wheels roll and each has a brake.
but the other 2 are perfect for her.
the 5-point harness is a must!!!
love the fact that it has 6 different height adjustments.
the lowest setting is perfect if you want to feed your baby while sitting on the couch.
perfect for storage instead of leaving it on the high chair itself (great job babytrend for adding this feature).
doesn't take up space.
it's double-tray'd...the top tray is removeable.7.
my daughter is 14 lbs, and the chair swallows her up!
plus, the safety harness-- which is a great idea-- is set on it's smallest adjustment, and it is still to big.
we started putting our son in it when he was about 3 mos.
even now, at 10 mos., when he's not feeling great, i put him in the chair and recline it so he can relax while i clean up.
it was very easy to put together and i love that it folds up out of the way.
now that our son is eating cereal, etc., we just roll it right up to the table so he can join the family dinner.
it looks good, my daughter is comfortable in it and it has held up nicely to daily use and, up until she hit 16 months, i felt my daughter was very safe in it.
i'm very happy with this highchair.
it has a lot of great features and is very versatile.
this chair does its job in that my son is safe and gets to eat.
the cushion does stand up to washing pretty well, but once you remove the straps to wash them(and you do want to wash the straps once your child has mashed a meal or two into them) you need to be a rocket scientist to get them back in.
also, we barely use this seat since my son is just as happy in the fisher price booster seat for $25.
it is a breeze to clean and also keeps him strapped in very well.
(2) love the neutral design.
the beige works great in our home.
(3) great features - height can be adjusted & seat reclines at different angles & tray can be set closer or further from the child.
(4) fabric has great cushion and is reversible.
when reversible side is used there is no picture of the palm tree/animals and the outer frill edge is hidden.
(5) the back of the seat is high enough and cushiony enough so if my son throws himself back - he is still safe.
(7) removable dishwasher safe tray.
(8) has wheels and wheel-locks.
(9) have washed cushion several times and still looks great!
i have a very active baby so removing it and putting it back on with one hand is a cinch!it's very easy to keep clean.
my son is a messy eater so food gets everywhere.
also, i love the 5-point harness feature.
that helps my son not to fall out as i remove the tray.
he fits in it perfectly.
i love this chair.
it is so easy to use and the tray slides easily with one hand.
it is easy to clean and i like how well the chair pad has come through the wash.
highly recommended!
i'd say, if you get this as a gift, take it back and get the genie ii or just use a large, lined trash can.
you can open the lid with one hand, where as the original has a button that has to be pushed while you're opening it (take 2 hands).
friends with infants and toddlers are always amazed that our toddler's room doesn't have a diaper smell... and i can't even count the number of friends who have ditched their other diaper pails (including the champ and the dekor) after seeing how well our genie works.
we just bought a new diaper genie, even though the current one is working just fine, to keep it as a back-up since we'll soon have double the diapers!
we started using the regular trash can and emptied it nightly until we got the diaper champ.
we highly recommend the diaper champ.
i loved it then and i love it now.
it still works perfectly, with no signs of wear or tear.
it holds about 30 newborn diapers.
the overall function of the daiper pail is awesome.
however the refill process is still quite complicated.
it is easy to use and def.
however, now that my son is in size 3 diapers it gets fulls so fast.
the first improvement is the lid!
all you have to do is open the bottom and drop the contents into the trash.
the diaper genie is easy to use, easy to carry, it's sturdy and it's a neutral color.
it fits perfectly.
i don't know if the negative reviews are based on the previous version, but i highly recommend the new & improved diaper genie.
it makes diaper changes quick and tidy.
i love the diaper giene.
thank you to the gift bearer, it was a great idea, thought, gesture and surely appreciated but the system sux..
once you open the lid you can smell it.
contrary to other reviewers, i prefer the diaper genie to both the diaper champ and the diaper dekor, in part because of superior containment of smell.
as one reviewer notes, there are a number of steps involved, but they're easy to learn, become second nature, and most importantly they *work*.
over time (2 years, in our case) the bottom edge of the inner ring has worn and warped from collision and abrasion with the refill package, and has become quite difficult to enter.
after using the genie, we switched to the diaper champ which uses regular trash bags (we like the scented 13 gallon bags by ruffies) and is absolutely a no-brainer to operate!
this is one of the best gifts to receive!
we love our diaper genie!
plus, amazon.com has the refils online and they're cheaper than going to the store - plus it's shipped right to your door!
my husband and i have four masters degrees between us, and my father is an engineer.
well i actually read from the site that the diaper genie was good and bought it.
well..nope.
at almost every playgroup i go to (and my diaper genie as well) the top has not sealed the last diaper so when you go to put your new diaper in, you get the wonderful aroma of aged poop.
lovely!2.
it is pretty silly.3.
the replacement bags are expensive and they have different types for different ages in order to be more complicated.
both diaper champ and genie cut down on the smell but you are asking for a miracle if you think you are never going to smell poop in your baby's room.anyways, after buying the genie, i bought the champ and i am perfectly happy with it.
plus it is kind of fun flipping the top to get the diaper in.
(simple pleasures!)
so i bought the original twistaway, and i love it!
the new one doesn't seal the diapers and the liners aren't scented.
sure, the idea of twisting the diapers into their own little sausage-like casings seems appealing, but all that twisting led to some real issues with my elbow - very painful.
it just does the best job out of all the diaper pails available.
it is pretty easy to cut the bag, open the bottom, and discard of the trash.
keeps our nursey smelling diaper odor free.
even with our baby eating solid foods and making hideously stinky poops, there is no odor in our nursery.
we love our diaper genie.
it is a must have and a great shower gift.
typically, it works alright.
this is a simple, fast and effective way to dispose of the smelly's in your little one's pants.
it's worth the money- we never have smelled a dirty diaper, unlike when we used the diaper champ.
even the "new and improved" diaper genie can't compare to the diaper champ.
the diaper champ uses regular size trash bags where the diaper genie requires special refills.
it's very simple and easy to use after reading the very short directions.
but this is definitely helpful when it's a smelling diaper.
i gave the diaper genie 5 stars because we love it!
we registered and got this at our shower.
the genie is really easy to use and it gets rid of those smelly diapers.
which is a great plus!
it is a great item to have in the nursery!!!
this was convenient to have next the changing table for the first year.
i really love my diaper genie it holds about one week of diapers with no smell.
it's pretty easy to use once you get the hang of it.
changing bags is easy too.
here's my opinion:- works great for infants.
hope that helps.
the diaper genie is okay.
it does a good enough job of odor control, when used as directed.
baby is about weaned, with solid food being most of her intake, and while her diapers smell, her nursery does not.
i received it as a shower gift one year ago, and it has been one of the most useful items in my nursery.
i switched back to the stage 1 refills, and they blocked the odors just as well.
to me, a clean-smelling nursery is worth the $4 for the liners.
before katie was born i bought a plug in wall freshener unit in a pretty rose smell and her room always smelled so nice.
wiping the genie out with disinfecting wipes and spraying with lysol helps a little.
this is terrific!
easy to use.
easy to refill.
it is just great!
but all in all, i'm very happy with my diaper genie.
who has time for that in between caring for a infant?
it's very easy to use and you can use whatever trash bag you want.
i bout the diaper champ and it is the greatest pail ever!
i've had mine for a year, so i'd say i've given it a fair chance.
since my son is a year old & older babies don't poop near as much as newborns, it can take several days to get enough diapers for it to start working right, consequently when you open it to put in a new diaper, the smell of nearly a weeks worth of dirty diapers will knock you over.
we returned ours after a couple of weeks and got the diaper champ.
we love that thing!
the diaper champ truly does not contain the odor of diapers at all.
as a mom who knows a lot of other mom's with little ones, i can honestly say that we all agree...the diaper genie is the best!!!!
and to todd peterson "tmphuskers" who was/is cutting after each diaper...um...you don't do that.
even though the diapers smell, this pail does keep the smell away.
my son's room always smells like you know what.
and it doesn't hold a lot of diapers.
my son's room smelled as if we threw the dirty diapers in an open garbage.
and the fact that you have to buy their "special bags" added insult to injury.we replaced it with the first years clean air diaper disposal system.
it's so much more effective and easy to use than the diaper genie, and you use your own tall kitchen garbage bags.the greatest thing about the first years clean air systen is that it can store about 6-7 days of my son's diapers without no yucky odors.
wow!!
the new one has improved all of the problems with the original.
i personally love the diaper genie.
i used the old one as a former nanny, and loved it then.
i feel it is easy to use.
my sister used the diaper champ and hated it, her nursery smelled!
as keeping out odors it works great, and keeps our 60 lb.
you always have to keep one on hand in case you run out, kind of like diapers.
it's a cloth cover that matches our barnyard bedset.
i got this cup (the one i got is actually an older model w/the mouthpiece in the middle instead of on the edge of the top) and my son took to it pretty much immediately!
even at a year, our son doesn't like to drink from these.
we got him a different kind of sippy, and he'll drink from it.
you can pop the top right off like a tupperware lid.
it is especially easy to do if the bottle is slightly squeezed to change the shape of the threaded lip.
these cups were a great transition from the bottle.
my daughter started using them around 7 months and did great.
all in all these are good cups for the price for spares to our beloved nuk cups.
they are dishwasher safe and work fairly well.
i honestly didn't notice it was different until the request to review it popped up on my e-mail (i ordered 3 cloth books and received 3).
our 8 month old baby loves this book.
each page has a slot to put the bone that's attached to the string, unlike other books like this that only include inserts on some of the pages.
it's made with good quality stitching and thick fabrics for the pages.
this is a great buy and i highly recommend it and any other of this company's activity books.
my baby just loves hiding and finding the bone :-) great activity book.
i washed this book in cold water in our washer on delicate cycle.
who makes a cloth book that you can't wash thoroughly, that your child will drool, chew and drop on the ground?
i am not pleased with this and will not buy manhattan toy cloth books in the future.
our son didn't care much for this when he was under the age of two, but now that he's older and knows the animals and colours, he has a lot of fun with this book.
he likes to poke the bee in the flower, and other places in the book.
it's a well made book.
it's been threw the washer a few times and still looks great.
this book, with cloth pages, seemed a bit nicer way to go.
well worth the money.
my son enjoys this.
it's so bright and colorful and the little bee going through from page to page is very cute.
this book is different and we love to read it!
each page has something interactive for the child to do and the colors are really vibrant.
the only downside is that it's a bit pricey for what it is, so hopefully its really great quality and holds up.
the book is nice, the idea is nice, and my son liked it.
totally helps at putting her to sleep every night, it has a drone sound effect and even puts me to sleep.
the box velcros securely to her newborn napper & since it is not inside the bear the sound is much louder & the automatic turn on system works much better!
this is a great item.
this way she can still hear it, but we know that the batteries need changing.there is an on and off switch and a volume control knob.in our house this has been very well worth the purchase price.
very worthwhile!
how do they expect to keep a baby (especially an inquisitive one like mine) from getting to it, if the back is easily accessible and opened?!?
and secondly, the bear then has a back that can be opened by baby and placed over their face, arms stuck, stuff other items in, etc.2.
there is no way to turn this off once baby is asleep without taking the bear out of the bed (and room) without moving or bumping it.
this was my son's favorite soothing item when he was a baby.
it comes on when a noise is heard and makes the white noise to help them get back to sleep.
it sounds great but it won't stay on.
we found much better results for the same price when a friend gave us the homedics sound maker and projector:homedics ss-3000 soundspa lullaby, whitethis not only plugs in, wth no automatic shut-off, but also has several sound settings as well as beautiful and colorful discs that project wherever you aim the device (wall, sofa back, bassinet cover, etc.).
i  highly recommend this instead of the bear!!
not the ideal situation.
we purchased the slumber bear for our two-week-old daughter in the hopes that it would help lull her back to sleep when she awakened in the middle of the night.
the audio/motion detector is only triggered 50% of the time when our daughter screams directly at it, and oftentimes i've needed to give it several good, solid whacks to get it to play.
i acknowledge that it may work better for some children, but ours is not one of them.
!i got both the slumber bear and cloud b sleep sheep as baby shower gifts.
it works great.
my baby, who consistently sleeps great was restless all night long for first two nights.
her eyes wide open and staring at me, i tap the bear to get it started again.
and my baby's eye were wide open again.
but the unique womb sounds of the slumber bear works better and gets baby to relax and fall asleep faster than any of the nature sounds on the sleep sleep2.
the bear is attached via a small patch of velcro on it's paws.
even if you get it to wrap, the stiffness of the arms can create enough force to undo the velcro.
the bear has the edge on cuteness over the sleep sheep and comes with a satin/velour lovey blanket.5.
both bear and sheep are battery operated.
this makes sense.
the sensors are working 24-7 to detect motion and sound.
i have to admit that i like the sound app i downloaded way better than the bear or sheep since it has tons of great sounds and useful features, timers, alarms--so many ways to personalize it for your use.
but because i need my phone and can't let it be a noise maker for baby all the time, i might just get an adult sound machine to use at grandma's house like a homedics and forgo messing with these cutesy plush sound makers.i hope this helps!
it does get through a lot of batteries, but i definitely think it's worth it!
it is amazing how many we went through.
and i am not convinced that this current practice of selling new parents something with which to give their baby a bit bit of the parents' scent has any basis in fact.
your baby loves your scent because he loves you.
if you are reading this and thinking there is some nifty modern gadget that will make it a breeze, wake up.
it is not easy.
we used this on our son's crib with the included velcro that helps attach it to the sides.
there was probably a one-inch space between the pad and the sides of the basket.
it also didn't look that comfortable anyway and the overall appearance of the basket was not appealing.
i ended up getting a nap nanny and absolutely love it.
i am happy with this.
this basket is made well enough - not exceptional, but fine.
if you are looking for an inexpensive moses basket, this is perfect!
i bought the base that holds the bassinet, also cheap-looking.
i love this because i can take it anywhere and have somewhere for baby to sleep.
it seems very sturdy still after 3 moths of everyday use.
great for temporary use but i have a sturdier basket from trendlab for home/regular use.
great moses basket, and a great price!
love it!
don't know what i would recommend instead - still think the stand is great - but definitely avoid this basket if you can (it also doesn't fit the jolly jumper perfectly, it's a little short).
love the basket wand it was perfect for what we used it for.
because of that, i felt compelled to write my experience with this item.first of all, would i buy it again:  yes!
i think it served my purpose well of transitioning my son from sleeping on my chest and in my arms (months 1 & 2) to sleeping "on his own"... first in our bed... then to his bassinet... and now to napping in his crib (he has reflux so we eventually had to buy an amby bed for nighttime sleeping -- but that is a totally different story).now my story:  my son was -- and still is -- a challenging sleeper.
as a new mom, i thought "but you must sleep on your back and on your own!
of age) until...
not all babies adhere to the aap guidelines as much as we'd like them to... but mom still needs her sleep and sanity!some other pros:- snuggle nest helps baby feel, well, "snuggled" and therefore safe while sleeping which can be helpful if your infant is overwhelmed or alarmed by the size of their bassinet or crib.- snuggle nest is a handy travel bed which could be calming for some babies always to have their exact "bed" to sleep in.- as i wasn't planning on be a co-sleeper, this item made me feel safer about the few weeks my baby did share my bed with me.- the nightlight is a handy feature and the free happiest baby on the block cd cannot be beat (if you haven't read that book, at least get the cd!!!
)hope this perspective helps.
i think she felt very secure in it and began sleeping through the night right when we started using it.
i will still bring this with me for overnight trips since it is so light.
she has fit in it perfectly for the last three months.
we travel a lot, and it's just perfect for hotel or relative's beds.
it's also very lightweight and folds right up with a handle.
my son was a big baby (8.6) and grew out of it in a month.
the item is a bit overpriced.
a good alternative would be rest assured which accomodates more growth, with a baby blanket underneath.
the good news is that he has transitioned to his crib beautifully by 2.5 months, but he will only sleep on his stomach.
i love this and got tons of use out of it.
i also travelled with it and she slept in it in hotels, or at my friends homes.
we bought this because we knew we would want the baby in bed with us for the first few months.
we were able to sleep with our son right between us without worry.
he liked to sleep on his side as a newborn, and he would put his face into the side of the nest- so the breathable sides were great.
but it's still a wonderful product.
we wanted him between us so that we could both comfort and love him through the night.at first, i just put him between our heads in the center of the bed.
however, i have read all the precautions about putting a baby in bed with you.
he sneered at the cutesy name.now he won't go to bed without it.the snugglenest provides a much safer sleep experience for moms and dads who want the baby between them.
it has a firm mattress that is much more appropriate for babies than an adult mattress.
it has a wonderful little light that attaches to the top (which we use all the time).
it packs up easily and is completely portable.
best of all, your baby can be right in the center of the bed yet contained in his or her own space.our son loves his snugglenest.
best of all, it makes transitions to other locations very easy.
i have laid the nest in our co-sleeper, crib and taken it to family's house: it's like he has his bed and smells with him wherever we go.
co-sleeping can be very safe if both parents actively take responsibility for it.
i can't see having this with a full-sized bed or smaller.overall, we love the snugglenest!
we keep the snuggle nest right between us on our king sized bed.
i love that it allows our son to sleep so close safely.
the sides are sturdy plastic covered in padded fabric.
my son has re-flux and tended to spit up in his sleep.
my husband works overnights and i do all the night feedings alone.
my son is now 10 weeks and outgrowing this fast.
the sides are open at the bottom allowing more freedom which may be great for breastfeeding but would be better in my opinion if they were a bit longer as baby is starting to wriggle more when sleeping and i have caught my husbands shoulder leaning on the lower pad of the nest.
i would recommend this wholeheartedly if you want to keep baby in your bed.
my son hated it.
it is also very hot.
put your baby in the crib or bassinet those are the only safe places for him/her.
for all co-sleepers out there or those considering co-sleeping, this is the perfect solution!
that simple!
you fall asleep knowing that baby is safe and next to you.
we were only able to use this snuggle nest for a little while because my son seemed to outgrow it fast!
but when we did use it, it served it's purpose...giving us peace of mind when our son was in between us.
it's a life saver....
still, very functional for newborns.
i bought these to use as a pad on the changing table, however they are so big that i also use them in the baby's crib.
i use them as traveling changing pads as well.
versatile pad because of their larger size - i mostly use them as changing pads but they also work in the bath and as extra padding between the skimpy mattress and the sheet in the bassinet, but they don't stand up well in the wash.
i added them to my baby registry and am i happy i did.
they don't stand great in wash tho.
still a must have.
these are the perfect changing pad to use anywhere: changing table, couch, floor, either at home or on the go!
for those wondering about the waterproof element: the tag says there is a vinyl layer between the outer polyester flannel.
looked good in the pic, hence bought it.
it was working great for us, until last night my daughter crawled under it as a blanket and coincidentally had an accident that morning!
;)
works great.
this was purchased to protect my son's full size mattress.
i have two of these that protect the mattress, then i use a soaker pad on top of both of these pads.my son was just learned potty training and getting through the night and deeper sleep caused some accidents, but he made it through.
this, however, is a small inconvenience and my daughter likes it well.
cover a decent amount of a twin size bed.
easy to change in the middle of the night.
my 5 month old son sleeps on his belly and used to get skin rashes and pimples on his face from drooling.
as soon as i switched to this his skin improved and all the pimples gone.
i returned the priva pad, as well as the summer infant because the material was itchy and rough.
common sense!
we just switched my 2 year old to a twin bed and got this to protect the mattress.
it's easy to put on and protects the mattress well.
we use these for both kiddos who still have problems staying dry at night.
great buy.
it is nice that it doesn't crunch.
there are such good ones out there that protect every bit as well but don't use that hot, body-heat-reflecting vinyl layer.
yes it does.if you want a really nice one that does not use vinyl (even though it does not have the nifty tuck-under flaps), try the duro-med 3-ply quilted reuseable underpad.
this one is the best out of them because of it's bright colors and the interesting sound the cute bug balls make as they spin.
the tolo pony carousel is another choice if you want one that is quieter, but the sound never bothered us.
my 13 mo old daughter can get this spinning pretty fast.
the balls are plastic inside and is a great cat distracter as well.
lots of sensory stimulation in a safe and easy-to-push top for your little one.
the butterfly and flower motif is visually engaging.
great play value.
a very fun and sturdy toy!
after a less than stellar experience with my son's infant seat, i really researched his convertible seat.
this one is the only one that consistently performs in safety tests.
it is very easy to install and my next baby will have the new britax infant seat.
we're very happy with it.
the base has a wide footprint and doesn't tend to leave permanent marks on leather or cloth interiors.
it's reclinable and the fact that our daughter can be in a really fussy mood and still fall asleep in 5 minutes in it attests to its comfort.
the latch attachment is very easy to use with simple push-on and pushbutton release mechanism, and when secured it is rock solid.
i also find the seatbelt harness easy to use and also holds it securely (although latch is the most stable).
also, it is very easy to tighten/loosen the shoulder belts with their pull strap tightening system.we've had the great fortune of our daughter vomiting all over it, and we had no problems putting it in the washer on gentle cycle.
not only is the seat very functional, it is also very comfortable.
my daughter has had a couple of spills on the fabric, and it was very easy to spot clean.
we checked with our state's safe kid coalition, which handles car seat education and installations.
they said the britax is their top recommendation.
excellent for a tall baby.
it is very easy to put in your car (especially if you have a latch system) and the straps are pretty easy to adjust as well.
otherwise, the seat was well worth the money (and it's also rated very high on safety).
it is nicely padded and my daughter never complains.
the velcro on the sides helps the straps not get tangled most of the time.
other than that it is a great seat!
my husband and i knew very little about carseats and early on in our research we kept hearing that britax seats were the best.
our son grew too tall for his infant carrier at the ripe old age of 4 months so we needed a convertable seat for him earlier than anticipated.
the roundabout is plush and comfrotable, not to mention being one of the safest seats on the market.
i drive a vw jetta and the seat fits nicely in the middle.
we have a graco comfortsport in our other car and while our son likes both seats, there is a huge difference between the two.
the roundabout was fairly easy to install and it is easy to adjust the straps.i love it and would but another in a heartbeat.
love it!
it's the greatest!
my daughter is 19 months and is always comfy in her carseat....frequently falls asleep.
the fabric is nice.
the straps easily adjust which matters right now because we are transitioning between seasons and sometimes my daughter has a jacket or sweater and sometimes not.
it is so well made, and baby loves it!
it's very cushioned, comfortable!
this seat has a great safety rating (per consumer reports) and is worth every penny!
spend the extra money and get the best!!!
we started with them rear facing and found the installation pretty simple.
(and although we have not tried this yet, i've also read that all britax seats will fit on an airplane.)
she seems so happy and she even takes naps on the rides.
i chose the britax roundabout not only for my baby's comfort but also because consumer reports gave it good rating for both infant and toddler safety.
you just can't get it in wicker, and i *had* to have the wicker cover because i loved the texture and the color complimented my baby's eyes so well.
the most important factor in choosing any car seat is, is it safe?
and the roundabout has always ranked very, very high in  safety ratings.
(however i will say that especially when rear-facing, i am not sure all car seats have this "versa tether" feature that makes the car seat really solid while rear facing, provided you can find something to anchor the tether to - not all cars i have been in had something we could use)second, it is important that a seat be easy to install.
this seat is.
i have never used any other seat besides the bucket (and my husband installed that) so i can't compare - but this seat is very easy to install especially if you use latch.
easy.
this is a wonderful feature especailly if you will be moving the seat about frequently.
this seat cover says hand wash only but i did it on the delicate cycle on cold in our washer and then line dried it and it came out beautifully.
but it looks nice.
not a huge deal...  but the thing is, you can't replace it.
so keep your eye on it.
)overall this is a great seat.
if you tug at the cord, you will crack the styrofoam in the seat.
read the manual and store it in your glove box.
it is so easy to use & rated so well in safety tests i'm going to reccomend it to everyone i know.
my daughter loves the carseat.
britax does a great job!
paired with a foam mat it's a great area, good size for baby and for me.
we have had our baby "fence" for a year now and it is still in brand new condition (even with a toddler trying to climb it and pull it down daily.
we also have a split level house with older wrought iron fencing around the stairs and open living room.
we love this!
highly recommended for your little one, husband or pet that you need to control.
use this everyday and love it!
our house could probably use some serious improvements in child-proofing but this fence is fantastic for blocking off furniture etc.again, rather than a circle we create walls accordion style which creates stability.
also, the hings are very sturdy.
huge plus!
i love this play yard.
the play yard is very good quality and it's very solid.
we have all hard floors so we got this superyard plus 2 extension panels, put soft foam tiles down, covered the squares with a cloth to catch messes, and made a perfect crawling/cruising space for our 10-month-old.
she loves it and there is plenty of space for us to get in with her and crawl around.
it is huge!
we own this superyard as well as the compatible system that includes the gate (superyard ultimate vs superyard classic).
for the price, this is a great deal!
also the extension kit is needed to make a nice size safe play area for a baby.
these aren't super sturdy but they do keep my 14-month old son corralled in the living room.
we read the reviews and happend to find this along with the two exstentions at our local open box/overstock store unopend we paid about $25.00 for both!
these are sturdy and well worth the full price.
but the play yards with doors are not as sturdy so it's give and take.
i chose this gate because i wanted a small play area for my 8 month old son.
the mechanism for opening and closing the sections is relatively easy to use.
i was able to set it up like the picture while she was still crawling, then straightened it out and blocked off certain areas of our living room when she started walking.
; ) this is perfect!
i love it.
a great buy and easy to unpack thanks to amazon.
we bought 2 superyards in the multicolor and connected them together to form one large play area when they began crawling.
we bought it to keep them contained in an area where they are safe and can be watched more easily by their 65 yo grandmother daytime caregiver.
we place a large quilt and sheet over a thick rug with many of their toys inside, including larger toys that they could use to pull up on and practice their cruising skills.
but you must angle the walls properly to add support; you cannot use it in a rectangle and expect it to be safe.
we angle the walls randomly in a general rectangular fashion to create "v" pockets for stand and play tables, and hang toys and mirrors on other areas.
giving it 4 stars because 1 unit is kind of small.
with 2 yards together, it is large enough for both my husband and i to sit inside and play with them.
one unit would not provide that kind of space.
even with tons of toys!
it's been great for my twins.
it also sounds like you're breaking it because it has "teeth" on each hinge that pop into place in small increments (each increment makes a clicking sound).
that is my son's house, he loves it, and he plays every day in it.
thank you very much.
love these gates, but you should only have it fully enclosed to form a circle or square and not expect to use it as an open fence because it will tumble down when baby tries to climb up on it.
i also think it's pretty pricey if you're gonna get a set to use in a bedroom and in the living room.
this playyard was a great investment for us.
i do not understand how a one year old was moving it around... our kid never cried in it and she loved pulling up on it and cruising.
i din't prefer to leave the baby in crib as being on floor will help develop the motor skills faster.colorful and easy weight.covers large area(8 panel)
we bought this when our son started crawling.
our kitchen, foyer and living room come together in an unusual way so a traditional baby gate would not work for us.
we have it &#34;open&#34; in a sorta backwards &#34;c&#34; shape.
in the description, it says it is &#34;lightweight and portable&#34; and it is just that.
it will move on a smooth surface (but ours came with anti-skid pads) and if you don't have enough of an angle at each bend, it may fall over.
got 8 panels after i read some feed back and i know i made a correct decision.it got my baby enough space to walk and play and not fell like trap in a small playpen.got it for my baby when she is 9 1/2 months till now she is 17 months old i sometimes still put her in to let her play by herself while i can do some house works.
it was easy to set up and is very sturdy, but it doesn't actually swing open.
i love this play yard!
my son started a kind of "army crawl" at 5 months and he was getting into everything.
it's very sturdy.
it's been a lifesaver and my baby is much happier now that he his a big safe space to play in.
i use it open as a barrier in the living room in front of the entertainment center.
it is somewhat flimsy when open but it does the job.
i bought mine from diapers.com and was very happy.
amazon also has good deals.
upon noticing the significant size difference between this play yard and our 32 sq.
have scheduled a pickup for return.
well, this was a great investment.
over all, its great.
really.it also is pretty roomy by itself for just her, but i bought the extension because [as mentioned above] i sit in there with her to play with her and, sometimes, to keep her calm while i study.
:)
i ordered this play yard with the rainbow 5/8" play mat for my 5 month old son.
it also hard to see out when in the play yard - the fine mesh of our pack n play is much easier to see in/out of.
it's just what i expected and works well for us.
rugged and nicely made there are no sharp edges to damage little fingers.
we got these and we are very happy with them.
we got one for each grandma and gave them each an extra section.
we are also using this as a baby gate at the bottom of a set of stairs that is open on each side.
velcro to the large posts and it has worked great.
love watching her play in this
very sizeable.
durable construction.
the hinges have to be pushed with considerable force to position.
however, the fence has held up great.
i searched for a play yard as my daughter became more and more mobile and curious.
luckily, it didn't flip and for that i thank the reviewers who mentioned this system is best when you can lock it in an angle like the picture shown rather than straight (i.e.
the system does not unfold itself the way the demo video advertises - you actually need to use a bit of muscle to get it unfolded and snapped into the lock mode but be careful with the amount of force you're using, i came close a few times to actually breaking parts of the panels.overall, it's a good system but it's not as wonderful as the reviews made it.
the instructions clearly state not to place this in any configuration that allows two panels to form a straight wall.
in other words, you can make a hexagon.
you can also make a very small square with only one panel on each side.
according to the manufacturers recommendations, it is not safe to use it as a large rectangle, as so many people have shown in their photos.
i think amazon, or the manufacturer, should update this page to include that it is not recommended to form a rectangle that allows to panels to form a straight wall.
also, i'm pretty sure that once my girl is able to pull up and stand, she's going to have no problem moving this across our wood floors.
we hardly used it as an enclosed area but it works well when we did use it that way.
don't use it as it isn't intended or you will end up with a kid that has cuts and bruises all over his face and falls and hits his head a lot.
we're glad to have 8 panel playyard which is still stable and therefore gives more space for my little one.
the hinges are a bit difficult to use when trying rearranging the shape, but we managed somehow.when my lo reached 9 months, he started climbing up by putting his feet onto the fence!ah.....babies are a lot smarter than we may think!
it is large enough that she is able to crawl around inside of it.
we are able to hang toys on the inside panels for added exploration.
it is easily reconfigured for smaller rooms or different shapes.
it also works well as a deterrent for large room openings that traditional baby gates cannot block off.
i have a 10 month old and i babysit a 12 month old and they both love it!!!
this was a cost effective way to "baby proof" the house without breaking the bank!
we are in the process of moving, so we needed something temporary and useable...but this works so well we are going to use it in our new place too!
with the 8 sides they both have plenty of room!
huge.
can be taken apart and used in multiple places at once if you don't need to make a giant baby playpen.
wow, this is one of my best baby purchases so far!
i'm so happy with this baby yard.
gives a nice piece of mind.
gives ample play space for baby.
this is great.
we have it for our 7 month old son who was crawling all over the place.
it gives him alot of room to play and crawl.
he can stand up and hold on to the sides.
we have two baskets of toys in there for him to play with.this is portable and light.
it's also indoor-outdoor, which is great for people with backyards, decks or pools.folds up very compactly.
i highly recommend it.
perfect for a 7 mo old on the move all day long, keeps her out of trouble and occupied.
it takes up one side of a rather large open floor plan living room.
love it.
this has kept her contained and safe.
she doesn't always like being in it alone but i can put her in it and know she's safe.
we love our superyard!
we have since added a second set to the superyard to make a large play area in an otherwise not-so-baby-friendly space.the superyard also collapses and travels well.
it measured the size of one panel and about 6&#34; deep and fit easily in the trunk of my sedan with room to spare.
as other reviewers mention, no it's not beautiful.
but i definitely did not buy it for it's beauty.
i bought it along with an extension set to have a safe area for our children to play.
it absolutely does get scooted all over our hardwood floor, but i'm ok with that.
with our first child, we used it also around the christmas tree and around her bed to keep her from wandering if she woke up and i didn't hear her.
for these two jobs, we left it as an open semi-circle, but it's never gotten toppled over for us.
overall, this is wonderful, and one day, we may even use it as a puppy pen outside.
sets up well.
a bit hard to open and close, but, hey, saved the baby!
this was a fantastic buy.
i love love it....
i leave it open and block off the side yard and air conditioner.
it also keep the dogs from roaming into the childrens play area.
children need to always be supervised.
it's colorful and fun.
each wall can be broken apart, which is great.
they're good for indoors, outdoors, and are easy to clean.
this is not one of those things you buy and will never use, it's the thing you buy and wonder how you'd ever live without it.
this is a great play yard i used to keep the dogs, kids... away from my christmas trees and decorations.
other good use?
both of us ended up with straight sides.
show him that the sides can be pushed around, so maybe he just hasn't figured it out yet, and maybe he's a bit young to notice.
i also purchased a 2 panel extension that i am returning it because the play yard itself is huge.
happy that i can corral all of her toys inside the play yard and she still has tons of room to walk/crawl around in it.
i also purchased a foam play mat but that hasn't arrived yet.
happy i bought this play yard.
it came on time and was well packed.
it kep my baby safe while payhing around when she started crawling and it saved me and her nanny time and energy of running around after her.
good invention, will reconmmend to all mums!!
)my main gripe is that it's difficult to open and close.
my son is way to strong and active for this.
play yard arrived timely and in great shape.
our dd played in it all the time, and did not seem confined, yet we knew she was safe.
this play yard is huge and it can be used in different shapes.
my son is now 15 months old and running around...this still provides lots of space for him and it is very sturdy even when he runs into the sides or leans against it.
it is also very easy to set up and put away.
this is a good baby gate.
babysitter requested it, but i wanted bigger area and connected two of them together, which means it needs some support.still works for us.
baby loves &#34;her&#34; area.
the fence did its job of keeping the baby inside.
it fits over my oriental rug perfectly (we made it into a rectangle shape).
it's very sturdy and colorful.
she pulls herself up on it, leans on it, and it holds her 22 lbs.
very well.
there is plenty of room for her to crawl around in a safe environment.
i hope it works out better.
i bought this and put it up in my store...customers come in everyday and ask whee i got this...my son is so happy in this but i will say buy two of them because their toys get bigger as they start moving around...and you will want the extra space...this has been my numbers one recommendation for new moms!
i'm planning to order extension panels because it's pretty small when assembled as shown in the photo.
very sturdy.
good quality.
and we've used two panels to seal off the steps for our own deck, making an outdoor playpen out of the deck all of last summer.i highly recommend buying several sets of thekwiktwist giant twist tie 2-pack- redso you can attach these to table legs, banisters, or any other furniture.
we have it in our living room so our son can have a safe place to play away from our dogs.
overall it was  a great purchase and we use it daily.
i love this, but its big...real big.
i love it, my son loves it and it keeps him and his stuff contained.
easy to carry.
and my 8.5 month old daughter loves it.
she's also able to use the gate as a wall to stand up on her feet.
this worked great both indoors and outside in the yard.
it's sturdy and colorful.
it doesn't look beautiful, that's for sure, but it works; the play yard doesn't budge any more.
if your little one is walking, you too will have to jury-rig a solution to their tendency to push the yard around and even lift it if they're strong enough.i also recommend you get those colorful interlocking foam tiles to put under the play yard; it makes the play area a bit safer.
amazon sells the "edushape" brand, but you can get various brands just about anywhere.all in all, it's not an elegant solution, but weary parents who need a break will love it with all its flaws.
we ended up sending back the piece of garbage, and we bought a beautiful bronze metal play yard.
great, sturdy, colorful, and easy to arrange.
i am pleased with it, it is plastic so use accordingly, it does have grip feet on them which helps on hard surface, have used on both carpet and wood, both works nice.
this is a nice looking, sturdy and easily set up and moved  answer to containing active babies - we actually use it to block the entertainment center and other areas we would like him to stay away from - and it does a great job!
we bought two of these and are excited to use them in the yard this summer.
it is great to see that we are not the only family that goes to great lengths and comes up with clever ingenious designs to wrangle our little one!
well, they have made alot of advance in that area and some companies are offering more decor flattering products, but mostly, baby and toddler products are made to be kid friendly with bold colors and characters.
i have always been a fan of color, loving bold vibrant colors anyway, so i just decorate my home accordingly.
we have 2 of the 8 panel sets and 2 extension sets and have this in an l shaped pattern in our living area.
i have found that if you give them a larger play area with room to roam and centrally locate it in a family friendly area where they don't feel alienated, they love their play yard, its there own personal toy land!!
please note that the manufacturer does not recommend putting this many panels together, but we chose to do so because our play yard is in constant view.
we have found though that it is just as strong when adding this many panels and haven't had any problems with it coming apart.we were using the large foam square flooring tiles sold here on amazon by we sell mats!, but have removed those as our little one takes them apart and pulls them up.
adding bumper rails around the sides is a great addition also when they are younger.
you can read my review listed under that item.overall, this is a great play yard.
it is sturdy, well made, easy to assemble or disassemble, we are business owners and our company does work in 5 states, we have offices in 3 of those states currently, so we travel a good bit checking on things and the whole family goes.
this play yard is a breeze to take apart and is very portable to take with us.
its a great investment, even having purchased 2 of the 8 panel sets and 2 extension sets it still cost under $300, a great price for the huge play space it gives my baby girl and we will get many years of use out of it.
after she outgrows this we can still use it for our large extended family and friends whom visit and have children and can even use this for our 2 little chihuahuas.we have 2 homes and are currently staying in our lake home full time while having some remodeling done to our country home.
i highly recommend this for anyone with tykes, much better in my opinion then the others available.update: in my review i mentioned that my daughter pulls up the foam mats, so we no longer use them.
i purchased some memory foam rugs from here on amazon that work wonderful!
they are by sleep innovations, i purchased 3 of the 4'x 5' rugs and one 2'x 5' runner to fill our play yard area.
the rugs are offered in different sizes as well.
now, about these wonderful rugs...
they are memory foam, so they are like a thick nice plush pile carpet on top and stepping on them is like heaven, much softer and thicker then the foam mats.
if they pick the play yard up over the rug, they can still slide it, but it stops the ability to just push it across the floor.
they are absolutely perfect for the play yard.
i love them and highly recommend purchasing them for your play yard.
oh yeah, and they are available in a range of colors.
i purchased the mocha brown, which is rich and lovely, to blend with our hard wood flooring, but all of color options are very nice looking.
i've anchored it to the wall and it works that way, otherwise it is a little flimsy and easy to tip.
we even used two panels to put in front of the tempting christmas tree...worked beautifully!
we bought two of these and they have worked great.
we were able to take some large gaps and make an effective barrier to keep your child out.
i wanted to be able to add more panels to make a huge play yard for our grand son to play safely in our back yard.
although it's not perfect, we found solutions to make it work for our twins.pros:* huge area for two babies plus an adult - we have the regular 6-sided superyard with one extension (2 panels), to make it eight sides.
the dimensions are 80" x 80" if you use it as an octagon.
rotate them frequently to keep your child interested* atiny love classic mobileworks great with the superyard as it's huge, safe to use until they are standing.
* it's big enough to give freedom to your child but small enough to fit in your home.
* 35" wide x 26" inch high panels are easy for an adult to step over.
* easy to clean - can be use indoors or outdoors* adaptable panels are great for childproofing - we've used panels to keep kids away from windows and from large tvs, wedging ends between heavy furniture and securing them firmly.
it still looks new.cons:* it would be ideal if it had a child-proof gate - the sides are very hard to open and the playard becomes very unsteady once you do this.
* your child will be able to slide it around if it's not secured.
for ease in reassembling later, mark the tiles from left to right and from top to bottom in order as it will be like a jigsaw if you take the tiles apart.
* to keep your child from pulling the foam tiles apart, place a large quilt over the foam mat, tuck the ends under and you're set to go.
we put a mattress in the middle and let her sleep in it.
overall, we definitely got our money's worth and then some.
our 9 mo old is safe, but when he pulls up on it, it does move, so we have to watch him carefully in this stage.
we plan on using this play yard for our new puppy.
it is easy to set up and with the extension creates a large area.
the non-skid pads the mfgr provides prevents it from slipping on tile.
sometimes the panels are hard to move (to change the angle).i checked many other websites and stores and this was the best deal.
great job, amazon!
great gate.
we have bought multiple gates and this is our favorite.
portable and easy to use.
we used it first to create a barrier in the living room and now that my son is walking, we separated it into 3 pieces (1 to block electronics) and 2 other sets to block access to the kitchen when we are cooking.
thank you.
it was awesome and this play yard is very strong enough to wiggle by baby.
my son needed more freedom but our living room was not baby friendly.
my son was so happy!
it is very durable, very sturdy, and kid friendly.
we are using it now to protect the christmas tree since our son is old enough to walk and move around the house on his own so it has continued use after your child outgrows it.
the doorways are wide, the floor space is large, and our very curious 9-month-old was eager to explore every nook and cranny.
i tinkered with it and came up with a way to keep her out of trouble, while still allowing her access to us - right now, it's in a large arc shape with one end butting up against the couch, the other end butting up against a chair.
she has plenty of room to play (i keep her toys in there with her) but she can't get out or get to any "dangerous" stuff in the great room.as for looks, yeah, our great room isn't company-ready right now.
but we have a 4 year old and a 10-month-old in the house, so the house isn't pristine anyway (my house is clean, just not always neat...ha ha).
this keep her out of my kitchen
my daughter loves this!
we combined it with the foam mats and it's like she has her own haven.
the holes are great for hanging linkadoos and hanging toys, the height is great for both large toys and small, it is so spacious and bright!
it is great.
i love my yard.
if you want to be able to do that a lot, this may not be the gate for you.
there is a snap lock hinge at the top and bottom between each panel.
you have to move both hinges at the same time, by pushing in between them, on both sides.
i bought this for my 13 month old son to keep him safe at my mom's house which is not baby proofed.
because it is so lightweight my son just pushes it around with him.
however, since the sides have the small mesh, he is now learning to stick his toes in there so that he can climb the sides.
i have two kids; a 5 year old son and an almost 7 month old daughter.
things are much different now that i have my daughter (open concept livingroom/kitchen, a son that has smaller toys the baby can't play with, a dog that gets excited and sprints around the livingroom, etc) so i wanted a way to keep her safe without sticking her in a pack n play all day.
i decided to give this superyard a chance and it is great!
i love this play yard.
i have an open concept floor plan in my house and i stretch it out to keep him in the living room while i am busy in the kitchen.
great gate!
i put mine as a rectangle as that is how our living room made the most sense, the octagon looks like kids would enjoy it also.
it also helped her learn to stand and keep balance.
we basically just use it around our christmas tree and it does the job.
it was very easy to set up and it fits well in the space we needed it for.
it's not super sturdy.
it is large and covers a good amount of space.
i mostly like that we can fold it and move it as needed.
overall a good purchase and i prefer it to a mounted gate.
first of all, and the greatest problem, my son freaked out when i put him inside of this.
it is an eye sore in the living room.
you can also link any number of gates together to make panels that go over different gaps.
love it!
beautiful bright colors and covers a  large area for kids or pets.
i used a two section piece to keep him away from an artificial tree in a corner of the living room...and sometimes used a 2 or three section piece to block off an entry way...again not all that stable but it does deter and if it does come down on them it wont cause any harm in my experience.the unit folds up nicely for storage and has a very sturdy canvas strap with two snaps that can be used as a handle for carrying around.breaking the sections apart are not all that easy...you need a bit of muscle but i was able to handle it on my own.with the ease and compactness of storage, i highly recommend this unit...if you have any small children in your home or those who may be visiting, this unit will be invaluable to you.
i have many north states products...gates and such and find them to be well made and worth the price.
i think it's a great produce for children or to keep small pets inside.
my son practically lives in the gates.
its very sturdy and hes not able to get out.
he pushes it and pulls it to the point i think it will snap but it stays put.
highly recommended
my 9 month old daughter hates being in the pack and play, but needs to be kept safe from the 2 and 4 year olds.
this yard is perfect!!!
anyways, it's a nice size- but my son still hates being in it.
my son will play in here by himself for an extended period of time.
we were debating between the rainbow and white and we're happy we went with color.
babies love color!
it is definitely not a one hand task.
second, it is not very sturdy.
set up is super easy.
easy storage also.i eventually return this and bought:  friendly toys little playzone with sounds and lights  $125 from target.com.
price is almost doubled but definitely worth the quality.
we bought one that's great, but huge...so, 4 blocks cover the area but make a square (and the play yard is a hexagon...you get it).
this play yard works very well as a protective barrier and i highly recommend it.
we use it to guard around our fireplaces.
great for keeping our 1 year old daughter safe.
easy to set up and i was able to shape it to fit great in the space i need it to.
once the girls (i have twins) need more space i can going to open it up and use it as a gate to keep them out of the kitchen (we have an open concept space).
i bought this when i had to bring my first son was born and i needed to bring him to work with me.
now, three years later, we are still using the set in our home, visiting family or when on vacation.
if you are planning on using this past the first year i would highly recommend buying two and linking them together as this will be plenty of space.
i love how easy it is to transport & assemble.
this play yard is perfect for my basement.
it was so easy to set up, just take it out of the box and open it.
it's easily moveable, it comes with a strap that makes it easy to carry folded up.
this has worked out perfectly for a certain area of our house.
definitely recommend!
we keep this plastic play yard at grandma's house for our 17 month old twins, and it is okay as a temporary play yard.
it has the advantage of being lighter than the metal one.
my son was an early crawler & this was a a must have.
i also bough the extender to make it as large as possible.
and my son is very tall for his age  and this gate stood the test of a very active toddler.
definitely hanging on to it for baby #2!!
i put some toys in with him and i know he's safe while i get ready for work.
nice space.
very useful!
we actually use this to barricade our entertainment center.
this playard works perfectly.
i bought a couple of sets of these gates to keep the kids in the great room.
it's nice that we can string together as many of these as we need.
it's held up through daily use and is still going strong.
it's great for puppies or small dogs as well as children.
definitely don't use it if you need a door.
i purchased this after holding a family member's hostage for some time.it's great for travel.
it adjusts well in different spaces.ie.
we use it to cover the stairs in some places, we use it to cover the fireplace at home, i've used it to cover the bookcase....
this is a well made and sturdy item.
we  take one on trips to create a safe area also.
of course the adults spend considerable hours within it also.
i love it and it works really well!
i highly recommend getting this!
this is a great idea, not in practice.
it is not easy to open and shape as you want.
it is good if you want to make it and leave it and just step in and out from over it.
this play yard (aka baby jail) works well for our son.
its sturdy.
the parent can stay inside as well and play with the toddler.
i think its a great play yard.
good buy!
we got this for our living room which doubles as a play area.
now that our son is more mobile, we purchased this so we would not have to baby proof everything in the living room.once set up, this works pretty well, stays in place, and is sturdy enough for a 10 month old.
saves our sanity many, many times.
i loved the first 8 panel set we got so much, i bought a second 8 panel (and a two panel extension!
right up there with the ergo baby carrier.
best thing ever invented...ok not really but i love this thing!
my daughter is a mover & shaker and hates to be "locked up" but this is the best thing ever!
best quality gate i have ever purchased as a mother.
we bought 2 to make it bigger for outside use and take some sections out and use it around the christmas tree.
absolutely wonderful!
my son loves being outside and this is perfect for when im trying to do the laundry
we got this set to use when our newborn daughter started to become mobile.
she's now 18 months, and we still use it, and have expanded it with thesuperyard two-panel extension kit for superyard xt, white.
the fencing is modular, so you can snap it apart and together in multiple lengths and configurations.
we have a small living room and it takes up quite a chunk of space.
its great for putting all baby's toys in one area.
i'm pretty sure she will soon be able to move it a lot further across the room.
our granddaughter needed a place to play safely, this is what we bought for her.
this playyard is very spacious and easy to use.
it is simple to set up and take down and easy to move around.
there is enough space in this for my toddler and a lot of her large toys!
it's definitely worth the money
worked well until he got strong enough to move it.
we bought this for our curious 9 month old and love it.
this way she is safe from sharp corners and cables, but can still wander around the rest of our baby-proof room.
we still have it held up on both sides by heavy furniture because i'm paranoid that she'll suddenly get a power burst and pull it down, but so far it's just been overkill.when the baby is in bed, we move the play yard to our front porch and our dogs can come out and enjoy the evening with us.
great play yard gate.
i agree, if your kid has some muscle and determination, s/he will be able to push it around, especially on a hard floor.
if that's what you want, it's great.
i also like that you could use it outdoors and that it folds up well.
that works great.
works great!i will scream to any parent that these are not a substitute for your attentiveness and attention.
instead of putting the kid(s) in it - we now use it to protect the places we do not want the kids.
the trick is to mak sure you get enough angles and such to keep it upright.
its great that she has her own &#34;safe zone&#34; she can pull herself up by holding onto the fence and it doesn't budge which is also comforting.
the shape makes the play yard stable and again, its comforting to know she is safe.
tihs play yard works well for us right now.
we needed a space for our 10 month old to safely play while we did other things (cook, clean, deal with the pets, etc.).
however, we he gets going, he can slide it across our wood floor.i like that it easily folds.
overall, it meets our needs and we are happy with the purchase.
it's a great size for our mini dachshund.
there's plenty of room for a bed, food, water, and a 21"x21" puppy pad.
if you get 3' of the standard 12' wide role you can cut it in half and have 2, 3'x6' rectangles (cost me $15 at lowes) - fits perfectly under the pen when shaped like a rectangle and protects your floor from water, pee, etc.
i've also pinched my fingers a few times in the process.
that ended the period of its usefulness.
this is particularly useful when we have company and i need to designate a safe play area for all the children.
if you do put two together the shape does not work out perfectly so we have used zip ties to attach the play yard to a railing to give it some extra stability.
if you have wood or laminate floors you must use the pads or the play yard will slide all over the room.this has allowed us to give my son some room to play and it keeps him safe if i have to answer the door or go to the bathroom.
it helps us contain the toys and it really helps contain him now that he is walking.
this little fence/playpen is one of the best things we bought for our daughter since her birth!
it gives her a huge space to play in while we are able to make meals, do dishes etc... without having to worry about not having our hands on her constantly.
if you think...octagon and bend the fence a little between each panel...it is way more stable and works fantastic!!
daughter learned to stand in here and started "cruising" all around the pen within days of standing.
it folds for traveling and can be arranged in many ways so it is very versatile.
we take it when we travel and use it all the time at home.
i would definitely suggest 8 panels.
good, solid gate.
this is a great and sturdy gate that makes it easy to attach toys to the inside for play.
this could be useful for the right space.
you also need a very large space to fit the full size play yard, and it overwhelmed our living room.
the other way to use it is open straight as a barricade to protect stairs, electronics, etc.
but it isn't very sturdy that way (and the company doesn't recommend it).
it does the job done tho.
requires real muscles to unscrew the screws......
i love it, it is cheap for what you get and it does a great job.
i use it in my house, at work, camping, and outdoors.
i have the busiest/strongest toddler in the world, and this has held up perfectly.
very nice!
these gates are a nice idea, but in reality they only work for very small children.
this was a great buy.
i love the versatility to use this indoor and outdoors.
the play yard and extension are probably the best thing i bought as a parent.
you will get your use out of these.
she's almost 3 and we still use them.
inside or outside, easy to clean, animals or kids... they are a life saver.
i bought this to help block the stairs and built in landing.
the rubber feet that comes with keep it in place and will not move.
bought this to go with my gate...i think it being a square makes it way more steady...my son pushes and pulls it with all his weight and is not able to topple it over nor snap it open...so im ok with leaving him in there while i cook or clean....
be gentle and dont force trying to set it up, or you will break them.
i don't know if the straps are included for this reason, but this works well for us.
this was the near perfect solution to allow her the space for extended play and exercise.the baby has learned and made adjustments to compensate for the wobbliness, which at first would cause her to lose her balance when she would bring herself to standing by holding on to the gate.she plays for usually up to an hour per entrance with her toys.
i climb inside and play with her and her toys often by just carefully stepping over it.
this little fence/playpen is one of the best things we bought for our daughter since her birth!
it gives her a huge space to play in while we are able to make meals, do dishes etc... without having to worry about not having our hands on her constantly.
if you think...octagon and bend the fence a little between each panel...it is way more stable and works fantastic!!
daughter learned to stand in here and started "cruising" all around the pen within days of standing.
in our 2000sq-ft single-story wood-frame home, the reception is great everywhere, and the picture is clear.
even during the day when baby's room is filled with sunlight (which are the best conditions to see color, according to the user manual), the picture is black-and-white with just a shade of color.
it's self-explanatory with no real setup needed (a rarity in the world of electronics).
the monitor provides excellent night vision (black and white, of course).
it works also as a regular audio monitor, but you can turn the audio off and rely on the green-orange-red leds to visually indicate how much noise the baby is making (this feature is brilliant and is more useful than you might think).
you can even plug in a headset to the handset to listen to your baby privately if you wish.
it's much easier on the eyes and provides better detail.
we are probably the opposite of a lot of parents with our use of the monitor.
being able to see her without going in and disturbing her more has been a great help in deciding when to give our daughter a chance to soothe herself and when we need to go in and help her calm down.
her body language tells as much about her needs as her cry.the monitor is decent.
it isn't a great picture, especially in the dark.
it isn't a very solid mount for the camera.
we have it taped to a tripod away from our daughter's crib which makes it portable.all in all, we like the camera.update - 10 nov 20102+ years later we are still using this camera.
this monitor is fantastic!
and the screen is bigger than some others.
it is absolutely a great idea to have one, as it saves you a lot of time and effort just to look into monitor versus guess work of what was this sound - just a stir?
the purpose of a baby monitor is to free you up for household chores while still allowing you to know that junior is safe and sound.
audio does this nicely.
also purchased an additional camera, so that i could monitor both of the children's rooms.
this has been one of my favorite and most valued baby products.
it allows me to keep a constant eye on my son, which is great for a first time mom!
the range is good, it only gets fuzzy when at the farthest edge of our yard.
the power will shut of and get a little funky, but i just jiggle the cord around a bit, and then it works.
it is still definitely worth it, and i plan to buy another one for my next baby, because i think i'll use this one to keep an eye on my son for a long time, maybe until he goes away to college!
it is also nice for babysitters so they feel more assured by noises they may hear from the baby's room.
it is really bright and hard on the eyes when you flip it on in the middle of the night to see what is going on with the baby.
this video monitor has been very reliable and an indispensable piece of baby gear.
the picture on this monitor is so clear you can actually see your child's chest rise and fall and know that they're doing okay; that's a huge piece of security for us.
this doesn't happen on battery power alone.
we have an at&t 6.0 something or other -- a newer phone -- and still it bothers the monitor.
with a click of the button on top i can turn the screen on and see her sleeping peacefully.
or if she is crying i can click on it to see if she is crying in her sleep (crying but not moving), or really awake (squirming, eyes open).
in conjunction with the video monitor we joke that our daughter is "under surveillance"- but i love the peace of mind and convenience of both monitors...
i am a bit of a gadget junkie and i found the night vision option on this remote to be very tempting.
the clarity is quite good, although night vision appears in black and white.
the reception is clear throughout  all levels of our large colonial home and even into the driveway.used multiple times daily for eight months, i believe it has paid for itself.
we are able to see our daughter clearly even in black-and-white mode.
good quality and effective!
this one is worth the $$.
the night vision is excellent!!
it is durable!
my husband broke off the antenna and it still works!!!
now he's 2 and i just purchased this to keep an eye on him as he gets out of bed on his own now, and for our new baby that's on the way.
i love this monitor.
this monitor is easy to use, gives a good quality picture and has never given a problem with interference.
we have wireless internet connection and cordless phones, but the monitor reception is always perfect.
we've carried the monitor outside and still kept great reception.
we've also taken the camera/monitor to two different houses and used it with perfect reception at both places as well.
the sound-only quality & reception is great, too.one thing to note, is that the color feature only works if the room with the camera is well-lit (like daytime light).
i love the size of the display.
my only negative about this monitor is sometimes it glitches and cuts out for just a split second.
not sure why it does this, but still a really great monitor.
this monitor is perfect since it allows us to be able to see what's going on without actually walking in her room.
now we use it just when she is stirring around to be sure that she is just moving around rather than being upset.
we do have some interference from the home phone and our neighbors car alarm, but otherwise it works wonderful.
i called summer infant's customer service and they are sending out a replacement charger for free.
that makes me even more happy with going with their brand.
i definitely recommend!
i must confess, however, that i live between two major metro areas with multiple governmental agencies and airports, so i'm sure that doesn't help.
i worked great.
our house has two levels and the monitor also gets great reception on a different floor from the camera.it was when i tried to take the monitor with me downstairs that i found out the battery wouldn't hold a charge.
i sent an email to summer infant and they sent me a label to ship the camera and monitor back to them.
also, there is a button at the top of the monitor to turn off the video and just the sound is available if that's what you want.
my monitor will spontaneously turn off the video and i have to press the button to turn it back on.i contacted summer infant again, and they are sending me a new one and a label to return the one i currently have.
i hope this new one works, because when it does, i am really happy with it.update: i got the new monitor a year ago and it works great.
my son now sleeps downstairs and i am upstairs most of the time.
with this monitor, i can always keep my eye on him.
love the scent.
my baby gets a top to toe massage using this mustela massage oil every morning--and yet my first bottle lasted more than 6 months!
i love this oil.
we use this on my 7 weeks old daughter and it absorbs quickly and her skin looks amazing.
the scent overwhelms me and it is also somewhat of a processed/complex smell (like perfume) and not a &#34;natural&#34; smell like essential oils.
i love all mustela products.
this message oil is not greasy a all and absorbs into baby skin very quickly.
i cannot stress how great this stuff is - it's just perfect.
smells very nice and light but most importantly it's not greasy in the slightest (i didn't know you could even buy an oil that isn't greay but it's not).
basically this massage oil gets absorbed into baby's skin and leaves them feeling soft and silky not slippery, gooey or greasy just perfect.
my son is 21 months now i he still loves when i give him a little baby massage on his back or legs or arms, he just lays there happy as a clam and completely relaxed.
the doctor suggested that i use this on my son because he has a light case of eczema and it seems really nice is lathers well however the scent is really strong
i bought this b/c i heard good things about this brand.
i think it smells nice but that's about it.
not worth the price.
my 3 year old has eczema, in the first few months we quickly ruled out johnson & johnson products, our pediatrician recommended cetaphil products; cetaphil smelled good and worked fine for his skin, but i still had to use a shampoo on his hair as the cetaphil left his fine hair brittle and tangled.
skeptical of the shampoo portion, my pediatrician said it is another good brand for sensitive skin, so we tried it out anyway.
love it.
it is light and clean.
we love mustela products.
this is very helpful when you travel cause you have the shampoo and the body wash in one.
while i can appreciate why that is important to many, after 3 years of testing products, both organic and otherwise; i've come full circle with my original gut instinct: organic products simply can't get done the same job that "formulated" products can.
i am sorry to all the tree loving moms out there, but i have found this to be true with both my husband and my products as well as our kids.sorry...i digress.
it's perfect, heavenly and lingers on both of my kids until the next bath rolls around.
it also lathers beautifully.
good lather = good clean.3.
rinses easily and leaves hair soft, shiny and tangle free.4.
no pumps, just squeeze a small amount in your hand, rub your hands together and apply.
i love this line of bathing products for our baby.
the foaming shampoo is also great to wash his hair quick and easy rinse!
have used it with both my kids, and love how it leaves their skin soft and smelling great and not strong of perfumes.
i highly recommend this hair and body wash for babies with sensitive skin.
we love this baby shampoo because it washes out easily.
this shampoo cleans well but washes with a few rinses of clean water.
the smell is also pleasant and not too strong.
this baby shampoo/soap is fantastic.
smells so good and seems to work well for cradle cap!
love it!
i'm a mustela faithful.
i love the smell and results it gives my baby's skin.
my middle kiddo had sensitive skin and i was recommended to use mustela.
her skin never had issues after that and although the smell is strong and somewhat medicinal, it smells super clean.
i love mustela!
especially for newborns.
but no matter what mustela is the best!
especially for young babies
okay, we are two guys and we don't have any experience with babies.
so when we had our daughter (by surrogacy) we got a lot of help.
it smells fantastic, and people say it smells &#34;like a baby&#34;.
it works well, she likes having it put on her, and it cleans her up super good.
they also have a baby skin lotion that also smells the same, and works fantastically.
i love the way mustela smells.
this all in one does the job without parabens and leaves us smelling clean!
i love mustela products.
the products are super gentle on your baby, too.
we eventually tried mustela after failing to find a soap for our kids' sensitive skin.
this soap lathers well and leaves them with a light, fresh scent.
we love it and it does great on their skin.
it's full of chemicals that you don't want to put on your baby skin.
works well.
smells nice.
keeps baby nice and clean and does not burn her eyes if it accidentally gets into her eyes.
smells wonderful, it lasts forever and keeps my baby skin and hair clean and smelling soo good.
the next time i gave my baby a bath i used a pea-sized amount and the difference was amazing!
my baby's hair felt soft and not dried out, and he smelled clean and fresh, not like he was dipped in chanel.
i've also used this on my baby's face for his baby acne.
it did not irritate his skin and his eyes were not irritated when i rinsed his hair.
make-up came right off without scrubbing.
however i will continue to use mustela for myself since mustela removes my eye makeup and weleda does not.
this soap leaves baby's skin smooth and smelling great.
this was recommended by our pediatrician, and it has lived to our high expectations.
this product works so well on my baby/toddler's sensitive skin.
it also smells so good!
the light, sweet scent stays in his hair for a full 24 hours.
love love love!
this is a strong smelling wash.
it smells very strong like an old lady's perfume.
i wish i could return it, but i used it once.
love this because it's paraben and pthalate free.
also gentle and non-sudsing.
it's a fresh scent but not a baby like smell at all.
it also doesn't last.
will not buy again.
this is my favorite baby scent!
we get tons of compliments on how sweet my baby boy smells!
this mustela eau de soin is basically a discreet non-alcohol eau de toilette.the main notes are light floral, sweet orange blossom, madeleine cookies and the lingering finish is reminiscent of rose loukoum and cotton candy.
it is light and appropriate for girls and boys, but stays on all day.i grew up in france and always associated this delicious scent to the sweet smell of babies.
upon testing musty at a department stores, all the souvenirs came back.don't hesitate, get some while your little one is still little: it won't last long but the souvenir of this discreet spray will stay with you as a great souvenir.bottle states: made in france.
smells heavenly!
my baby boy smells great and the fragrance is not strong for babies.
i always apply it to his clothes.
it smells very fresh and clean.
i'm in love with the awesome fresh smell it has.
i use all of mustela products!
love them all.
they smell good, fresh and smooth on my baby.
totally worth buying all of mustela products: shampoo 2 in 1, camomille shampoo, body wash, body lotion, body spray, oil massage, mustineau de soin perfume, physiobebe...
it's really great!
even my husband likes it.
love.
we love these!
we use these once or twice a day for a few days and it clears right up.
also nice for on the go and gentle enough to use on "eye-boogers."
these are definitely large enough to cut in half for a face & hand wash.  a diaper-bag must have!
there is no irritation to babies sensitive skin and the smell is just lovely.
everyone comments on how great these wipes are.
we have many allergies in our house, and the scent on these cloths is one of them.
i love these.
she loves the smell, i love the smell.
i have always come back to mustela hydra stick with all three of them!
i use it on my 7 month old and i can still use it on my 6 year old.
nice, soft smell!
i just love it.
wonderful cream stick.
smells beautifully.
works great!
the best thing ever for skiers or sledding.
he has very sensitive skin, it never irritates him and always helps clear irritations up almost instantly and protects very well!
i'm also not a huge fan of the smell.
it works okay, but it makes my infant's skin feel a bit waxy.
there are definitely better options out there.
i do like how it comes in a stick form though.
i have used this stick from day 3 of my baby's life and i absolutely love it.
it is a must for anyone who lives in a remotely dry climate and wants to protect their baby's cheeks.
it's kind of like a solid deodorant in texture, you just swipe it across the cheek and it adds instant moisture.
all my grandbabies have used this stuff and their moms love it!!
good extentions goes perfect with the friendly toys playzone with sound and lights makes playzone bigger.
i like this addition.
the extenders are nice.
love that there is an extension kit.
highly recommend if you don't have space to buy a 2nd playpen as an extension.
love the playzone yard and will figure this out.
now, instead of caging him in i cage in the non-baby-proofed parts of my living room and it still works great.
the colors are friendly and the activity panel is fun.
its a nice change and its so much easier to wash.
the covers and pillows are washable although i haven't washed the pillow yet i have washed the covers several times and they are holding up great.
i use this to nurse and to play because it is great to put the boppy by my knees and then the baby can see my face and it is easy to get her to smile using the boppy for support.
he tends to get reflux, and keeping him inclined helps a lot.
it's a great support pillow for my baby.
it's not that great for nursing--the brest friend works better.
this is the best invention!!!!!!!!!
easy to use, comfortable and my daughter loved it!
and i use it till this day for a pillow when laying with her.
really helps with breastfeeding.
!as for my son, i use it for him to sleep on while i'm doing housework.
i prop it on the couch and lay him in the middle on his side, which adjusts to the perfect size for him.
it keeps going and going and going...
it is nice to use to prop up my arm when bottle feeding.
it is also nice to prop my daughter in.
the boppy is great!
but once i got the hang of nursing and got the hang of using the boppy...well, now i use it all the time!
the cover comes off and can be washed, which is great.
i purchased an additional cover so i always have one clean one.
it's great to pump, freeze and feed from the same drop-in liner!
i own a playtex embrace pump, but i also have an avent isis manual  pump.
i do love the drop-ins system and that's what i use to feed baby when i'm away from her, but i pump into bottles, not into this set.
the packaging does not indicate that it will work, it does not list hygeia at all.
this reduces the space needed.
easy!
the kit comes with adapter that will work with certain popular pumps like my medela.
make sure you purchase the newer kits, though.
with the one step storage you just thaw what you need.3) convenient and less loss of milk and nutrients.
it saves some time and steps.
when i take them out of the rings and throw them into the freezer bags, i am able to store more.3) doesn't work as well with the expandable 8-10 oz liners as instructed.
works perfectly with the 4 oz preformed liners, but the expandable 8-10 oz liners... well... expands so it would make it difficult to insert into nurser if frozen as instructed.
the bottles are great because you can easily pour them into the liners.
however, it is only ever mentioned in small print on the box that the adapter does not work with avent and first years pumps.
since these are two popular brands, i wish they'd note that on the amazon site and more prominently on the box!
this is a nice big bath mat - nearly covers entire base of our tub.
suction cups work pretty well and it is easy to clean.
i use this in the bathtub used by my 1 year old daughter as it provides a little cushion and non slip.
this is the perfect size.
it would be perfect if the whole top was textured.
it covers the whole bottom of our tub unlike many other mats i have seen.
when we tried to take her out and abort the bath, she started screaming, as she loves bath time.
the mat is the full length of the bath, and our daughter has not slipped once.
it has made bath time fun and safe.
i bought this so my son wouldn't slip in our tub.
we packed her lunches in it.
we also use it for nearly every car ride to take snacks and drinks with us.
i highly recommend this plus the medela ice pack (it's curved so it fits bottles well).
however, that won't keep the bottles cool enough in my opinion.
this works perfectly to keep all 4 bottles cold throughout the night.we have used 4 oz dr. browns standard bottles and 9 oz playtex ventaire bottles and they fit fine.
the price is great and i like the upper compartment for food containers.
the height and width works great for my dr. brown's tall bottles.
best of all, the liner is easy to clean and won't leak.
i use them to get to the sitter's and then she removes the bottles and places them in her fridge.
it is perfect for dr. brown's bottles.
i use this for 8 oz dr. brown's bottles, baby food jars and spoons.
it fits 4 dr. brown's bottles with caps and the ice pack it came with comfortably.
i can fit 2 baby food containers and a spoon on the top compartment.
it works perfect for me since we never need more then 4 bottles a day.
note that this is a large, tall carrier but the only one i have found that holds more then three 8 oz dr. brown's bottles and baby food!
i use this to transport my daughters bottles and food to and from daycare and it works very well for me (daughter is 6 months old).it fits 6 dr. browns 8oz standard bottles with caps on although it is snug; the wide mouth bottles would perhaps fit 3.i typically have 4 bottles in there and i use silicone name bands around the tops of the bottles which would make 6 bottles almost impossiblethe top zipped compartment is the perfect spot for her food and snacks.i have had no issues with the craftsmanship of the item and i don't anticipate it lasting for more than 6 months only because of the kind of abuse it takes.
and 6 bottles?
the top portion is large enough for a couple of bibs, or a note from the daycare plus a onesie that got spit up on, or quite a few teething rings.
we use this daily and are very pleased with it.
it will hold six bottles with the ice pack going on top of the bottles.
the storage on the top is small, but will fit two gerber baby food containers, spoon and bib.
the top compartment is great for solid foods, too.
as other reviewers have mentioned, the design if flawed since the ice pack goes in the top.
the quality of the cooler is great and i like the top container for the ice pack.
we use this cooler to take expressed breastmilk back and forth from daycare.
we also use it on family outings for short day trips.
we can easily get 4-5 large dr brown bottles with a cooler pack inside and on top.
it is perfect for what we bought it for.
good item especially for the price.
one of the best purchases i made to date.
we use daycare for our infant daughter and this has been a life saver.
it easily accomodates 3- 8oz dr. brown bottles and 2 ice packs.
the top compartment is nice for binkies, bibs, teethers, etc.
the daycare actually uses the top part to store her &#34;what i did today&#34; notes.
perfect fit and good quality for what it is...we've used it for roughly 3 months on a daily basis and have yet to have any issues with it!
i wanted something small since i have to also carry my daughter in her carseat and my purse.
the top container can hold several baby food jars.
i find this bag to be roomy it holds a lot of things besides bottles great to travel with high recommended
we use this to take our dr. brown bottles to day care.
it will fit 4 x 8oz bottles with the ice pack or 5 bottles without the ice pack.
the top we don't really use yet but would be perfect for small food containers.
this is perfect for transporting bottles to and from daycare.
we use 9 oz avent natural bottles, which are wide, and this cooler holds three easily.
the top compartment is handy for small items like pacifiers.
otherwise, it's perfect for our needs and great for the price!
we use this on a daily basis to transport bottles back and forth to daycare.
i will continue my search, i guess.
i got this to send my bottles and home-made baby food to daycare in.
i love the 2 seperate compartments (i put food and medicine in the top, bottles in the bottom - it holds at least 4 8oz bottles in bottom) but it just doesn't keep the food super cold.
the bag is well made and keep the bottles cool with an ice pack in there.
i can see how the cooler will be very handle to send to daycare when we have 8 oz bottles and solids to send as there is a nice second area for small things.
we ordered 2 of these.
my wife and i tried a few different solutions for transporting our son's bottles from home to daycare, with greatly mixed results.
it's even compact enough that it probably fits into some of the larger diaper/baby shoulder bags.
push the screws in the foam that came in the box.this make it easy to just paint the heads.
*** original review bellow ***huge deal breaker.
the picture is out of date.
if you look at the spindles you will see two sizes used.
she apologized that they could not send the maker as it was not safe, but if i could not accept the appearance "i guess we could process the return for you".
this is almost true.
the screws are a metal alloy that have a varied yellowish golden tone.
this is not a finish it is the varied color tone from the composition of the metal combined with the manufacturing process.
corners are padded but the middle sides are not.- the inside edge looked as though the paint was damaged, but this turned out to be adhesive residue.
([...] help menu right side.
real live person.
*this is often the overlooked item from manufacturers*+ they have a very easy system setup via web site to order replacement parts.
**** " parts are free and shipped promptly within our 30 day warranty period.
proof of purchase may be requested."
on the practical side, the round shape also allows baby to have more space instead of the traditional oval shaped one.
this badger basket bassinet fits the bill perfectly.
the bedding set that came with it was surprisingly well made.
make sure you secure the velcro to each of the tabs before washing so that the ribbons would not "catch" and fray.
to solve this i use a bin that is slightly larger than the frame and lets it sit on top.
the bassinet "skirt" conceals the bin which is great!
the cream colored canopy is useful and keeps the light out of baby's face.
the bassinet also has 4 roller wheels which makes it a cinch to move.
overall, a great buy!
this arrived in perfect condition and was a lot bigger than we expected.
good quality.
great price!
we put it in the master bedroom for the first few months and it looks so elegant.
new baby loves to look at the print.
you could put it in a corner and baby gets that secure feeling.
love these they make pumping and storing so easy for me since i have to pump at work i don't have time to wash and wash and wash this cuts down on my pumping prep time which is great even if you are not at the office.
as a result, i combine the two sides together so that i can freeze or refrigerate in 4 oz portions (since that's what my daughter eats).
if i consistently got 4 oz from each side, these bags would be perfect, but because of the variability, i like to choose how i recombine the milk and how much i need to be frozen vs fresh, etc.
highly recommend to buy it online instead of your local store.
the attachment makes it top heavy, which means you spill.
you could have like 2 oz of milk in there and easily interpret it as 3 or 4 based on the markings on the outside.
i love that medela has changed the design of these bags.
the best part of this new design is that it now comes with an attachment that hooks the bag directly onto the pump and milk is directly pumped into this.
i haven't read the other reviews, but i know from my personal experience, i love these and i especially love that i can pump directly into the bag, eliminating the need to pump into another bottle and then transfer to the bags.
these are the best!
my wide loves all medela for the quality and ease of use.
i support amazon for customer service and free 2 day prime shipping!
love this brand and pump!
i use the gerber nuk bags because i love the quality and the durable texture of the bags.
it's cheaper and probably easier that way.
they only hold a max of 6 ounces (says 5, but i always filled them to the top).
quality wise, they do the job.
it was a thicker plastic and easier to open.
i love these bags, i have tried others that have their own positive aspects, but with the medela equipment, these bags cannot be beat.
i have never had problems with these bags leaking and i highly recommend them.
the pump attachments work fine, but it's difficult to juggle the horns and the bags at the same time, and there's no way to set them down without spilling, especially if you're pumping both sides at the same time.
but the quality is very great .
i will stick with lansinoh for now.
i loved that they hold 6oz.
love the two zipperseal.
super easy to get the air out for better freezing.
also makes for super easy, equal, and quick defrosting.
great for storage b/c they can be stacked.
highly recommend!
otherwise, i have been very happy with the bags.
these work great in the freezer and i have not had one leak yet.
these are fantastic.
very thick and sturdy.
so we switched to lansinosh and are very happy.
i also can open them easily, where the medela bags tore several times as i tried to open them.
i use a hygeia pump and with the adapters and converters these bags are great to be able to pump directly into the bag to save the number of transfer times of the milk to preserve the nutritional value.
these are handy if you plan on freezing breast milk.
if you are just storing some in the fridge for use within a couple days, use the plastic containers.
they are easier, cheaper, and reusable.
these bags are intended for use with the medela breast pump, and so far it works well.
my complaints are that it can be a bit tricky to attach/unattach the bags to the converter piece, and also you have to be really careful to seal every inch of the &#34;ziploc&#34; feature.
i absolutely love these bags.
these bags make perfect sense for anyone who is looking to store a good supply of breastmilk.
they are of good quality.
also, the price is right!
all in all a simple, easy to use, wonderful product!
i pump at work and it's not easy, fun, or convenient for me but i pump for the benefit of my son.
i am 14 weeks pregnant, still nursing my 15 month old and my milk supply has pretty much dried up.
in a deep freeze.
many popped open while thawing.4.
these are good bags.
3 oz is about the max you can fit if you want to freeze your milk.
it's a minor complaint, but i store my frozen bags upright in a rectangular tupperware container.
nurses are still handling a bodily fluid and it's extra steps for them if you're not the one handling all of the feedings.
i use these with  a rented symphony pump.
it's easy to pump right into these bags and then store the milk in my fridge or freezer.
they stand easily and the measurement marks are easy to read.
it's worth noting that we haven't had a leak with any of the bags, but we primarily use them for refrigeration.
they stand up the best, which is very convenient when pouring milk into them.
these are also available at wal-mart, which is convenient if you can't wait for an amazon order to be delivered.
the area where you write on is clear, and it's white with the other bags.
small potatoes, though.
these are usually about 18-20 cents a bag depending on the quantity you purchase.honeysuckle: our second favorite, these bags have more of a vinyl feel than a plastic feel.
they are a stiff plastic, which means they stand up well.
they are also available in retail stores (babies r us, some wal-marts).
price.hope this helps!
they are easy to pump directly into.
for comparison, the first years bags are flimsy plastic (one actually ripped); the lansinoh bags are nice material but big and bulky (can't attach to pump mechanism).
but these are great bags.
freeze them and count on them leaking when you defrost the milk.get simplisse.
easy to use.
i like being able to pump right into the bags.
just make very, very, very sure the seal is closed.
but like everything medela does the quality is great.
these bags are great.
the milk stays fresh for a week in the fridge.
other than that, love them.
medela is always great!
we prefer the nuk brand bags which are cheaper and are easier to deal with.
this stuff is liquid gold and i will only trust my milk in medela bags.
do not waster your money.these work well but are overpriced.we started buying honeysuckle bags which work just as well, you only need to cut a small hole in the top of the honeysuckle bags to make them fit your medela pump.for $45 you can get 300 honeysuckle bagsb004v903rg
these work great with my medela freestyle breast pump.
the bags, with enclosed adapter, are easy to use and seal.
i think they are great.
two small bags to me are the same as 1 big bag.- ease of use: they are so easy.
that is actually what i prefer.
but both ways work.- measurements: yes, the ounce markings on the bag are not perfect.
a bag that opens large on the bottom, and then narrows on top, means that the ounce markings will not be perfect.
love pumping and storing in these bags they're so convenient!
i'm a big fan of these bags - tho i wish they sold just the bags in this quantity without the adapters (i've purchased this multiple times now- stop filling landfills!)
they work perfectly with my medela electric pump.
these are awesome.
these bags do their job.
second, the measurements on the side of the bag are an estimate at best.
i just prefer the others and the price tag that goes with the.
they are great for storage in the freezer though.
there is a strong plastic odor inside the bag.
the water absorbed the odor and tasted funny.
who knows what chemicals are leaching into the liquid inside.
will definitely buy again!
this pillow positioned her perfectly.
provides support for the back.
great for just having baby sleep in one's lap while reading a book.
and if this is your first time, please see a lactation consultant/attend a local la leche league meeting.
it is definitely worth the money!they have some cute other styles now including one with hearts and another with fairies.
you can use it with the plastic on until you are certain that you will be able to breastfeed.
i love this pillow.
my family member's referred to it as my daughter's table for the first 6 months of her life!
i also liked how the cover is removable and machine-washable.
the my brest friend pillow is a must-have for first-time breastfeeders.
it is a great investment.
honestly, i prefer feeding the baby on my rocking chair where i can use the arms for added support.
this pillow is decent, but not an essential baby item in my opinion.
i love this nursing pillow.
it is wider and flatter than the boppy, providing a better surface for the baby to lay on.
it provides back support, which is especially nice if you are nursing in bed late at night.
the strap is adjustable, so it works nicely for people of all shapes and sizes.
also, when you take the cover off to wash, it is easy to clean the actual pillow with just a damp cloth (on inflatable model).
this pillow is the perfect shape to hold the baby while breast feeding, and the fact that it has a strap to secure it onto your body is wonderful.
i have both the boppy and this pillow.
i have both the boppy and brest friend.
it's so comfortable and the pocket to keep things in is so handy.it perfectly positions your baby and helps him/her falll asleep.
i have both the boppy and my brest friend.
the boppy on the other hand can be used for tummy-time and to help them sit up.however, as a nursing pillow, this is your best choice.
had, and used, a boppy luxe with my first child.
it's wider and deeper, so it allows for much better positioning and more options for different holds.
wonderful back saver for either breast or bottle feeding!
also comes in organic!
my best-est breast friend!
*~"
i bought this pillow to try after a friend told me how great it was.we also heard about it in our child birth class.
i've been able to write thank you notes, pull myself up to the kitchen table and eat dinner with my husband, read, and relax all while using the boppy.
he sleeps in it, eats in it, and plays in it.my husband even uses it when he rocks our son, or feeds him a bottle.i think for the money, this pillow is an excellent, comfortable choice.
right from the beginning i used it to nurse my newborn.
the fact that it straps onto my body makes it very secure - i can actually walk with my baby still nursing  (holding both the baby and the pillow for safety).
i have and regularly use both a boppy and my brest friend.
i prefer mbf because of it's great latch which secures it to you.
the three things that i like about this the most:1) it stays in place because of the fastener, and it is very easy to get on and off, as well as adjusting it.2) the pocket that is attached is great for holding things you might need...i use it for extra nursing pads, my lanolin, baby nail clippers, etc.3) my baby can latch on much easier using this nursing pillow than any other way.
he loved it.
it has a lot of different textures along the sides to keep him occupied.
loves comfy feeling of it the great colors and textures!
that is why i gave it 2 stars
this is absolutely fantastic.
provides back support for very young ones and keeps them contained so they can play safely.
best idea ever!!!
now it helps her sit up.
she is able to move her legs out to the side to help support herself.
she love to sit and play with several toys at a time.
this was a huge hit with both of my twins.
now they are almost 8 months and they like to play with the stuff on the sides.
it's nice too because you can deflate it and take it super easy to travel.
i'll admit, i was laughed at by my family when a box came in the mail labeled baby playnest.
she loves to look at the bright colors and pictures on the edges of the nest, everything is beautifully illustrated and in wonderful detail.
remember to put the tube inside the fabric part before inflating it.
i actually like this over the bumbo and other infant positioning seats for helping them to learn to sit up independently because it allows for more space for movement in a very safe space.
if the baby flops over they are surrounded on all sides by squishy innertube.
i brought this with us everywhere we traveled, my dad found it hilarious, called it a baby container.
thank you galt, my husband thanks you as well.
and stinky.
but, still a nice spot for her to relax when she first wakes up, she's 9 months now and she likes to look at the animals and recline in it.
it's bright, colorful, very high quality fabric.
i loved this for my daughter starting at about 4 months because she loved it and it was supportive and portable.
she also spent a lot of time looking at all the bright colors and the squeaking toy on there always got her attention.
this may we went on a three week trip to europe with our twenty-seven month old son.
second, it came with a couple of laminated pages that recommended that you keep extra ziploc type bags in the bag.
the main packet (which is tiny because of the food pcocket?
the changing pad in the back mesh area?
it's going right back today.
there's plenty of pockets and nooks/crannies.
and yet, there's not enough room for even the minimal amount of baby stuff!
if it was just wide open in there like a backpack should be, it would be perfect!
this is a nice quality large bag with tons of space and compartments.
it is comfortable as a backpack.
it works for a while.
i used my backpack like for 5 months and the seams by the zipper falling apart after like 40 uses.
plus, it's easy to carry through an airport - you can't beat that.
i'm glad i took a chance.
my son loves that it's so comfortable.
very easy to clean...rinse in sink.
i have a 4 year old who is small for her age.
this is great because there is no belt, she finds it very comfortable and can get in and out of it on her own.
becareful, if you child doesn't listen to instruction and move around, he /she may falli would prefer this one.it has a seatbelt and is much much safer in my view.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b005zbhxp4/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeasin;=b005zbhxp4&linkcode;=as2&tag;=travguid0ca-20
this booster seat is easy to clean, aesthetically appealing and gets the job done.
i bought this in pink for my 3 year old girl - she loves to sit on it, and knows that it's hers.
it's a great height, she doesn't hit her legs under the table, and it gives her a perfect boost.
this seat does its job for sure and my daughter loves her booster but even scrubbing food off with a soapy sponge is quite a challenge.
i guess if you dont mind stains and scrubbing, this is a wonderful booster.
i love the design and material of this booster seat.
it stays put without straps attaching it to the chair and it is easy to clean.
we wanted a new booster for our toddler as we started using her fisher price booster seat for our younger son.
the prince lionheart booster is great.
nice and comfortable for our little girl and really easy to clean!
this works great for a child that does not need to be buckled it.you can wipe the surface clean so easily.i love the bold, fun color.
perfect for our bar height table and chairs
as a mom of 4, i've used many options for keeping my kids at table height and seated during a meal.
this is my new favorite!
the cooshie boosters were great, easy to clean and move however, all of ours ripped on the sides.
with my now youngest son, i needed a new booster and found this.
i am so happy with it!
it is definitely more firm than the cooshie.
highly recommend!
it may work just that my son won't sit on it.
sturdy yet soft, great back support, love the colors.
love it.
recommend it.
it stays on the chair without slipping, is a great height, and i love that the color matches my espresso colored dining set.the only thing i don't like is that the seat part of the booster is textured and can be difficult to wipe clean.
we like this booster seat because it comes in an unobtrusive color (grey) so we don't mind having it always out in our dining room.
we also enjoy the ease of which you can move it between seats because it doesn't feature straps and our daughter seems to find it really comfortable.
we first tried the cooshee seat for our 5-year-old (she's very small).
at first, we thought it was great-- it really stayed put on our wooden kitchen chairs and the foam was so soft and comfortable.
the foam is harder and more solid, which is actually more comfortable for my daughter.
our 2-year-old loves his new bright orange booster!
plus it's lightweight (he loves to carry it around the house), doesn't slide around, and very easy to clean.
this was a solid purchase.
the foam is soft and wipes right up.
first, it is not as high of a boost as some chairs.
so while it works, it doesn't boost my small toddler up all the way.
finally, food particles do get in the cracks, but i think this is going to be the case with any booster.still, a solid purchase and one i would recommend.
we got this for our daughter who is 20 months.
this seat is perfect!
gives her enough height to sit comfortably at the table and it wipes clean very easily!
i would highly recommend to any parent looking for a nice looking, yet safe and easy chair for the active toddler!
great booster except for the texturized plastic seat.
i had one of these and bought a second one.
it is easy to clean and a comfortable seat for my 2 year old and 4 year old.
sometimes when i remove the seat from the chair and place it on the floor my daughter we go take a seat in it on the floor and read a book.
the seat part is a little porous but the sides are smooth and easy to wipes clean.
i love them.
they are great.
the child feels like he/she is part of the family.
it is also very easy to travel with to restaurants or other homes.
i think the child has to be a little older to seat a little more quietly at the table, but for the price it works perfectly.
i bought this prince lionheart booster seat along with thesoft gear my booster seatto see which one i liked better.the soft gear seat is entirely made of a soft foam with a fine texture.
the prince seat has a smooth, stiff plastic feel along all the edges and sides.
i felt like the prince seat is constructed with better materials.i've been using the prince seat for weeks now and it has performed up to expectations.
it has been very durable and is easy to clean.
the smooth sides can be wiped down easily with a paper towel in between your more heavy duty scrubbings.regarding color, the orange looks like radioactive poop.
you will have to remove the seat, which is easy and scrub with a sponge.
i was hoping for an easy wipe down.i like the height and that it stays secure.
it works well, they should have just made the seating area a smooth texture like the sides.
easy to carry and care.
space saver.
goes well with my dinning room theme.
my search continues....
lightweight, easy to move around.
the perfect height to get my toddler to table height.
recommended!
love this booster seat.
at first my 2.5 yr old son wasn't sure about it.
he's able to climb up on it himself because it doesn't slide around on our kitchen chair.
he likes the independence and &#34;big boy&#34; quality of not needing help.
it fits perfectly on the wood seat and is a snap to clean up.
i searched far and wide for a booster for my two year old.
my favorite thing about this booster is that it is very easy to clean!
this probably works great if you have solid backed dining chairs, but our have an opening at the lower back area that lets this seat slip right out the back of the chair.
i wanted to love it but i ended up giving it to a friend.
the quality and color were great though.
we recently purchased a second one of these when our younger child was ready for a booster.
it is the best we have every used.
they grip well on most chair surfaces and have fit on any chair we have tried it on.
the smooth parts around the edges are easily wiped clean.
the seat of the booster is a little smaller than the depth of the bench, and our 20 month old sits on it nicely.
the foam kind of suctions to the wood without really adhering, if that makes any sense.
we love it.
we put our son in a chair with arms to help because if we didn't we felt like he might fall out of the chair because he does tend to move around a little while he's seated at the table.
cleans up nicely no crevices for food to get trapped and my 2 year old can get up and down on his own.
these are really nice and easy to clean.
they are cushiony, but solid.
especially with a three year old moving around constantly.
looks cute, stays put on the chair, and my 3 year old loves it.
this seat is thick and easy to use and clean!
my granddaughter is tall for her age and the back is just right for.
she also likes sitting in it because it is comfortable and the color is fun.
the foam has not started to disintegrate a year later and the color has not faded.
we bought one for restaurants (my 3 yr old is very happy to carry her own chair in, and that gives her something to do to keep her busy).
it worked so perfectly that we bought another for her chair at the dinner table at home.the color is inoffensive, the price is right, the seat is easily wipeable.
much easier to clean than her first years newborn-to-toddler reclining booster, which this replaced.
it is secure and compact.
this seat is great.
in my experience, kids will lean back whenever they can.
otherwise - it's great!
my 2 1/2 year old grandson loves his booster seat.
this is exactly what we needed - compact, easy to clean, easy to transport, comfortable booster.
alas we cannot use it for our leather padded dining chairs, but we use it outside on wooden patio chairs and it works.
wish it were a little thicker to give it more height, but it gets a 4 star rating because the 2 year old boy loves it, it feels comfy and is a great orange color.
the material is very comfortable, durable and easy to clean.
as a booster this works very well.
my 20 month old has no issues using it and it fits our dining chairs fine.
other than that, it's a good booster at a decent price.
even though i scrub it the bottom textured part still looks grubby.
this booster was exactly what we needed for our 3 1/2 year old son.
but i enjoy that it's easy to transfer to another chair, so there has to be a trade-off somewhere.overall, this is an excellent item and does a great job.
i first researched booster seats and chose this one, in fact i now have 3 of them, all different colors, for my grand children.
we bought this booster seat in orange for our almost two-year old.
it works well and cleans up easily.
our 2 year old uses this at the table.
it doesn't scratch our wood chairs or leave marks of any kind.
this fits perfectly on any standard kitchen chair and i love that there is enough 'grip' to the bottom of it that it does not slide at all when she gets in and out of the seat.this is exactly what we needed in moving her from a high chair to a booster seat at the kitchen table - the right height and width (with room to spare and grow into).
unlike with some foam/plastic products there was no strong 'plasticky' smell when i opened the box, which made me very happy.
this does it's job.
i have to scrub the seat with a magic eraser because a normal wash cloth sometimes will not remove the food.
easy to clean (i take it to the sink and wash away with a sponge.
color does not fade and is true.i have two, one in orange for my 6 year old and the mint for my 4 year old.
my 2.5 year old daughter loves this seat!
i love it because it truly doesn't move on the chair.
great buy!
my 3 year old daughter loves it, she is able to sit at the table and it is comfortable.
we even used it our atv side by side rzr, worked great!
i decided to get this seat over the cooshie, and i'm very happy with it so far.
i love the bright orange color.
my son loves it and takes it with him to sit on the hard floor as well.
most boosters also have straps and what-not and our toddler just doesn't need to be strapped in.this is a great little seat.
does not take the finish off of chairs and seats.
comfortable.
my 3 year old is old enough not to have to be strapped into a seat, and can climb in and out of adult chairs, but she can't reach her food very well so meal times when we are traveling are pretty messy.
great booster seat - comfy foam padding, doesn't move on our wood chairs (ikea...so maybe they're particle board...but smooth surface basically).
what i like most is that i can still slide the chair under the table with this on it.
it's soft and comfortable and i love the colors, also very easy to keep clean and transport around with you.
works well for a booster.
it is cushiony, sturdy and stays safely on the chair.
great toddler booster seat.
it works its easy to clean off.
it sticks good enough to even our cloth based chairs.we use it at home for our 3yr old now.
my son loves his booster seat, however, i do recommend buying some of that anti skid shelf liner or a anti skid rug pad to put underneath it.
it travels easy as it's very light.
my son actually carries it into grandmas house when we visit for dinner.
my toddler (2 1/2 years old) love to sit in his new chair.
it's light and easy to clean.
and up as the seat of the chair isn't as wide.
hope this review them!
i bought this for my 1 1/2 year old daughter and it's been great!
good, sturdy design.
the sides are high enough to keep her on the seat.
wipes clean.
nice bright dark pink color.
it's very durable and easy to clean.
highly recommend.
i bought this booster seat because there was so seams or cracks for food to get into, and it appeared easy to clean.
all in all this booster does a nice job.
the sides are easy to clean and it's comfy for him.
that rougher part is harder to wipe clean.
otherwise the sides of the seat wipe down easily.
helps out toddler be at the right comfortable level to the dinner table so he can feel part of the family during mealtime.
i would not recommend this furnature, after a year of use it has not held up well.
love the color and it goes well with the crib from same place.
the finish is just as described, fairly simple but time consuming to put together and perfect for a small amount of clothes.
the color is great and exactly as i expected.
i think the quality is great, especially for the price.
i love this dresser in my sons room and it matches his crib from graco.
easy to assemble, sturdy, looks great in the nursery.
seeing as it's a holiday weekend, i guess we will take our best shot at it and hope it all works in the end.
it is very pretty and goes well in my baby's nursery.
it doesn't seem flimsy and although it's not an heirloom piece of furniture, i believe it will hold up for at least a few years.
my son is 19 months old and the dresser is falling apart.
solid wood would make you think decent quality.
it turns out the "solid wood" aspect is 2% of the entire item.
(the top shelf, and front of drawers.)2.
the internal of the drawers made of "wood products" is super cheap/flimsy.
i did a lot of research and this is best quality dresser available at this price.
we purchased one in white 4 yrs ago and it still looks great (see photo).
i purchased a second one in espresso this week for our second child's room (see photo).
it isn't complicated to assemble but it does take time and patience.
the instructions are clear but keep in mind there are similar size pieces that are finished and unfinished in the illustrations and the finished stained pieces are in the front visible and the unstained panels are in the back.
great dresser at this price point.
highly recommend.
the directions are not that easy to follow.
have patience with this one!!
my husband had to replace all of the rails with new ones from home depot, we had to use wood glue on the knobs, and it scratches so easily.
that set came with a crib, changing table, and dresser- all for 200$.
it is relatively lightweight but not flimsy, looks beautiful, and has plenty of room for my clothing.
very small for it to be almost $200
this dresser looks great.
this chest is very nice for the price i paid.
there aren't any scratches on the finish, it is also pretty sturdy.
the drawers are on metal tracks which makes them open and close very smoothly.
other than that they are nice looking peices and the drawers move smothly all and all good for the priceupdate 11-5-11 ok the second one we got is rock solid however the first one(the white one) is absolut crap.
overall for the price this is a nice chest of drawers.
the two pieces look really good together.
this unit is a combination of solid wood parts and particle board parts.
the drawer sides and back are low-quality particle board but the front panels are solid.
for the price, this is a pretty nice dresser!
the color is nice.
as others have said, the front of the drawers and outer casing of the dresser are pretty solid, but the drawers themselves are particle board.
this furniture piece looks great, its as simple to assemble as possiblebut as is the case with all malasia and china furniture the thing is as flimsy as the restdont think you are getting a quality item for 200 buckstop and drawer fronts are 1/2 wood all the rest is particle boardknobs wont last, the screws are too small for the drilled holesall in all its worth 100 bucks in my mind
the drawer chest looks very nice, but it is not as steardy as you would expect for the price.
its absolutely beautiful and is holding up well.
no scratches, no dings, and the drawers slide open and closed smoothly and have plenty of room.
i am totally and completely happy with it.
i read a lot of reviews before i purchased this for our 2 year old daughter's room.
you will not find real hardwoods, tongue & groove construction, etc.
while you can find that type of furniture online (perhaps wayfair, or other comparable retailers) your best bet is to go to a quality furniture store, and be prepared to pay for something that is highly durable and built to last.
this dresser is beautiful.
listing says solid wood but drawers are particle board except for the front.
it is sturdy and drawers open and shut properly.
very nice.
shipped within 2 to 3 weeks from manufacturer.
it scratches and warps very easily.
i love this chest.
the espresso color is beautiful.
i am very happy with this purchase.
**update** my daughter is now seven months old and i'd still recommend this piece.
however now 2 years later the quality isn't the best.
ultimately it looks wonderful, but it took us 3 hours to put together.
the instructions are in pictures which are suprisingly harder to understand than words!the pieces don't fit together perfectly, but i'm satisfied with the result.
it's still held up remarkably well!
i've forgotten how difficult it was to put together, now it is just a very nice piece in my son's room that's the perfect height for me as well as my husband.
to start, the dresser looks amazing.
great quality for the price, fairly easy to assemble.
amazing customer service from amazon and stork craft.
the veneer is peeling off in 2 spots and the surface scratches incredibly easy.
there are marks around all of the handles caused from fingernails, and not just the fingernails of adults!
the quality is actually pretty good and i love the functionality of it.
definitely happy with this purchase!
we planned to use this as a dresser and changing table.
also, we purchased the hutch (top part) for this dresser, it was actually better than this piece, but be aware that the top and bottom part do not match up perfectly.
immediately upon moving it i looked down and noticed a huge chunk of particle borad on the carpet!
the color matches perfectly, and looks amazing.
the top is the perfect size for a changing pad.but assembling this thing was a nightmare!
the instructions are all pictures, and not all of the pictures are accurate.
i am airing it out as we "speak", after wiping it down in a disinfectant and leaving all the drawers open, in hopes the strong chemical smell eventually subsides.
(ie: drawers for storage, the appearance/function of a dresser, and the elevated surface level on the right side upon which i plan to place a lamp/wipes warmer/diaper supply basket).
it was packaged well & we had no problems with its condition upon arrival as others have mentioned- it also arrived within about a week.
the drawers slide smoothly in & out and to me, there's plenty of space in them, which is a plus compared to some reviews i read prior to purchasing.
the front of everything that  you see is nice quality and looks great.there was one piece, drawer side left, that was broken.
the chest is very sturdy!
this is beautiful and just wanted we wanted, once we got it put together.
the top part is the exact length of a standard changing pad.
it seems as if it's a very piece of furniture though.
good luck!
i decided to go with a cheaper piece of furniture as this had some decent ratings at the time.
when putting it together, you can tell that it is not a sturdy piece of furniture.
only issue would be that the top drawer on a rare occasion doesn't close properly but it's not a big deal at all.
it's very spacious and has a wonderful look.
not sure how its going to look in a few years when we don't need it for a changing table anymore, but we love it now.
it has plenty of storage space and the drawers open easily.
read directions carefully!
it worked fine for almost a year, but gentle regular use is showing the poor quality of the construction.
one of the drawer slides keeps popping out of the track and leaving the drawer jammed shut; the cam locks that hold one of the drawer fronts on won't stay secure, so our daughter kept pulling the drawer apart, finding little pieces of hardware, and popping them into her mouth.
this dresser is ok. we use it as changing table and has been a great item for it however the minute i put it together and 'tested' out the changing table i noticed that due to the closed up front (where your feet are when changing child) you always pump into the dresser with your feet.
it's better to choose an item that has free foot room when you use it as changing table.
ok, this is a fairly good tower chest.
i didnt expect it to be the best thing since slice bread but overall i think for the price its a good purchase.
take your time and it will be fine.
i would suggest you do this slowly (maybe even delicate pre-drill?)
one of our vehicles is an older model, and this clip was a requirement to tighten the carseat base.
it works great - gets the job done and i can drive easier knowing my son is properly locked in and secure.
thank goodness amazon sells this for a good price!
it keeps the belt from moving quite as much, but not enough for me to really feel safe with the carseat in it.
also used on places like planes.
this is keeping her seat from sliding in the lap-belt.
the infant seat is now perfectly straight and i have no worries of it tilting to the sides.
our evenflow tribute sport had one stored on the back that i never noticed.
we have used this when traveling and although it works well, it can take a few minutes to install correctly.
really tiny for what i paid for it but it came with a lovely poem and nice acrylic frame.
i found this and loved it!
i've told others about this and they love it as well.
my girls may not understand it now, but one day they will.
it looked cute and is a very thoughtful gift.
this definitely fit the bill and was a big hit.
the bracelet fit her daughter and looked adorable.
the photo frame seems to be of good quality and the dated penny is a great bonus!
pleased to find such a  unique gift item to give at a baby shower i attended recently.i thought it was so nice,i also ordered a set for my newborn grandaughter!
if you register for this item and get it, wonderful!
gee... how convenient.
fits on carts well and also works well on restaurant high chairs.
we love it.
we used it on high chairs and always on grocery carts, it has fit everyone of them and covers everything.
now we've had a second baby and we're getting a second one, one for both kids.
we still use this for our 2 year old so we've gotten alot of use out of it.
my daughter is small, so it was pretty necessary for her comfort in the highchairs in restaurants and the grocery carts.
great peace of mind, for me, against germs.easy to use while grocery shopping andgreat for those not-so-clean high chairs atrestaurants.
the pocket is great to hold baby's milkand there are attachment links where you can addbaby's toys.
maks them more comfy and keeps them warmer in winter.
i love how it can hold toys and protects my toddler son's mouth from so many nasty store germies.
i bought this floppy seat when my son outgrew his snugride carrier at 6-7 months.
good sizefits most shopping carts perfectly and provides complete coverage.
it gave him some extra cushion for comfort and protection while keeping him strapped snuggly into the cart.3.
also, it has a pocket on the inside of the seat that can be used for storage of a small bottle or toy.
it's fairly compact if you take the time to roll it up into its built-in pouch.
definently a good choice and a must have.
when our first daughter was born, we were given a nojo shopping cart/high chair seat cover and were told that it would come in very handy.
it takes a bit of work, but it does fold into itself for storage and carrying.
i don't know the physics/biomechanics behind it, but it's definitely easier to push a cart with your fists gripping the cart bar as opposed to your semi-open hand loosely holding the edge of a flat surface (i hope that makes sense!)
it's not a major make-or-break deal, but worth mentioning.
this is such a nice seat to have when you go out.
it's wonderful for keeping your kiddos from touching or chewing on seats, carts, etc!-  fully covers / lines the booster seat or grocery cart and the elastic around the edge wraps around the whole seat-  the seat is nicely padded and all they really touch is the fabric-  has a strap that can be used to attach the floppy seat to the back of a cart or booster seat-  folds inside itself to make its own carry bag (which has nice handles that could actually be linked onto your diaper bag etc)-  has pockets for stuff for baby and piping that you can link toys onto so they can't be thrown on the floor-  cute colors and fabric - i have the red one with animals on the inside printit is an extra thing to bring and carry around, but it's completely worth it to know that my daughter isn't touching booster chairs and carts that don't get cleaned!!!
i love the ez carry floppy seat.
it doesnt wash well....even after only one washing the fabric faded and it doesnt look as great as it used to.
i love the floppy seat.
it is easily put onto the shopping cart, fits any size of cart (even the huge costco ones), covers everything baby touches has a seatbelt that works great and is very soft and comfy.the reason i gave it just four stars is that the fabricd fades quickly.
the lady makes them herself and it is a smaller more comfortable fit.
at first i balked at the price of the buggy bagg but later realized it is worth the extra 20 bucks.
super easy to open, set up, remove and store all with one hand.
this was a wonderful idea!
it works great and is easy to use!
a must for all moms who want to protect their children from as many germs as possible!
washes easy!
i could not stand the thought of her touching anything with all those germs.
the plush material also makes for a comfy ride.
it washes well and folds up compact.
well worth it and a must for every baby registry.
i have a graco quattro tour and the straps aren't long enough for either.
i still get some use out of it though.
around my daughter's first birthday she began to play with this.
she immediately fell in love with it!
but she still has a blast with it.a great toy for the price.
this is a great toy.
he loved it.
the good parts about the toy are the sounds and the floating fish.
he did like that part.
however, it's a bit of a pain when you have to pull the shade over the carseat to have to remove first (although removing is easy).
my son loved this toy on his carrier.
i was so disappointed because my son really like the music, and especially pushing the beads back and fourth, and making them rattle.i also found myself constantly attaching it and removing it to be able to get him in and out of the carrier.
we love and own many of their other items.
great item.
our baby (3 months) was pitching a fit in his car seat until i hit the music button and bingo!
he was all ears and eyes on this toy.
the music is tolerable for adults and soothing for our baby.
otherwise, a good deal for what it does - keeps baby occupied.m...
we loved this item when our daughter was in her infant carrier.
she also loved the music.
it does not really support your back because the pillow separate as you move around.
also you have to take your arm out from under it to change sides...
switching positions is not easy.
don't buy this!,,,
my wife researched a lot of different pillows for her pregnancy, and found this one.
at first my husband hated it, but now he leans up against it as well.
it wouldn't matter if you bought a different cover for it since the interior pillow has this seam as well.
about a week after purchasing this, i saw the &#34;one piece full size comfort u pillow&#34; and wish that i had bought that instead.
my neck sometimes hurts.
it works great for me!
this does take up a lot of space and if you make the bed with it under the covers, it looks like there's still a person sleeping.
while this pillow is very large and takes up a lot of room, it is a great purchase.
now, later in my pregnancy it helps support not just my back and hips but also supports my enormous belly!
all of the different positions you can use this pillow in make it very versatile.
i tried several different pillows and still couldn't get comfortable enough to sleep well.
my coworker recommended this one and i bought it hoping for some relief.
we definitely got our money's worth.
over a period of a few days, i slept on it different ways to see what i liked best.
my husband calls it my "nest.
i am 5'8" and it just does not work well.
i had the snoogle for my first pregnancy and it was great.
the pillowcase was soft and the stuffing seemed soft yet supportive.
it's great that a cover came included with this pillow, however its an incredibly daunting task to take the cover off and put it on again.
it gives support in all of the right places!
the only gripe i have is that the seam is very tight, especially at the bridge where your neck/shoulder rests so it kind of cuts in to the skin.
i'm pretty sure my husband will be ordering one for himself, just to help with is back.
great pillow!
while nothing about being pregnant is particularly comfortable this pillow makes getting to sleep a lot easier by supporting you in all the right places.
it is wonderful!
i still use my regular pillow for my head and i hug the "arms" of this pillow while i sleep.
i am 5'4" and i sleep with the top of the arms about chin-level.
)-provides great support for my arms/chest, belly, knees and ankles.-in certain positions, helps elevate my feet when legs/ankles are swollen.-i sleep through the night (except to go to the bathroom) instead of waking up with the sensation that i'm rolling backwards.cons:-takes up a lot of space, but works fine in our king-sized bed.
)-a little bit hard to crawl in and out of with a big belly, but worth the effort.
it helps to crawl under the arms instead of going over top of them.-difficult to change the cover for washing, but not necessary very often if you use extra pillowcases on the arms.
i agree with reviewers who did not like this because of the seam.
i have honestly yet to find a maternity pillow i really like, but i do think my boppy maternity body pillow provides far more comfort for side sleeping than this pillow ever could.
highly recommend and great price.
it has it's pros and cons.
first, i found this pillow is super flexible.
i say take your chances and return it if it's not the one for you.
my only complaints are that it's huge and will most likely push your partner out of the bed.
this doesn't seem to be an issue except that at the very top the inner piece of fabric is so tight that it cuts into your neck.
great support, super comfy and love that the cover can be changed.
i used this throughout my 2nd and 3rd trimester and i loved it.
this pillow was very supportive to my baby belly and my back.
will use again for 2nd pregnancy!
this pregnancy pillow is great!
i highly recommend this pillow for all pregnant ladies!
it is nice and firm and stays put.
as does my husband!
if they made it with a zipper instead of a regular style case this would be perfect.
it's still so amazing that even these flaws don't deserve to knock down the rating.
this pillow takes up a large portion of our queen bed, luckily my husband doesn't take up a lot of room.
i'm typically a back sleeper and this helps keep me on my side.
has made a huge difference in being able to make it through the night!
i highly recommend!
there are so many different positions you can use it to get comfortable in.
the seam is still in the same place but i have never had any issues with it...i have never felt it while choosing a position and it has never caused me to wake up out of sleep.the best part is my husband snuggles the opposite side so we can still be close while sleeping.
i'm very happy with this purchase.
first i cut open the tight seams on either side at the top, so the fabric could relax a bit more.
now i have the perfect setup.
it works great for arthritics, too.
i love sleeping with this body pillow.
i am short and this cuts in at the bottom in just the right place to elevate my legs just enough.
this pillow also helps keep me snuggly and warm, which helps my arthritis, too.when i just want to rest or read a book, it can be folded to prop me up at just the right angle.
at 5'2", it's just perfect for me.
i love this pillow!
i'm a belly sleeper by nature and this pillow has helped me sleep comfortably on my sides throughout my pregnancy.
this pillow accommodates a healthy twin (or more) belly and back.
it will even fold enough so you can "diva lounge" on it, lay inclined on your back to prevent heartburn.
i love this pillow!
it supports my back and my belly at the same time and allows me restful nights.
it is quite large and takes up a lot of room, but it is worth it.
there are many options on how to use it and it is a great investment.
this pillow is amazing and i'd highly recommend it if sleeping on your side doesn't come naturally to you.
the pillow has the ability to be configured in many ways so you are able to find a way to get comfortable.
ultimately i love this pillow... just took some alterations and some trial and error with sleeping positions.first is the price.... is it worth it?
this time around, i decided i would treat myself to some comfort in the last 6 months of my pregnancy.
but i found an easy solution, and if you are willing to take about 15 minutes... it will be a perfect solution!
wow!
ugh!2- removable cover for washing - nice!3- symmetrical, so you can sort of lean back without actually sleeping on your back without moving the whole thing around.
because my prego wife loves it.i first got her the famous boppy, but it wasnt that great.
so i switched to using it the right way and i love it.
i can curl around it and it is firm enough to support me while still being soft and cozy.
i just wear a sleeveless tank or a t-shirt that covers the top of my shoulders and i'm fine.
it doesn't dig in at all.
it is warm because you're in a little pillow cocoon but for a good night's sleep, i'll turn on the fan and get a lighter blanket!
it fits fine in our queen size bed though my husband and i are pretty small people.
i'm so happy i bought this!!
it's amazing to not have to move your pillows every time you roll over.
it's amazing for my back and hips.
i highly recommend you try this first because it has all the components of a perfect pregnancy pillow.
it allows her to sleep on her side much better than her "fort of regular pillows" she used to use.
time will tell for late into her 2nd trimester and going into her 3rd.
will update this review afterwards.
i bought this pillow and it's been great.
some reviewers complained about the seam digging into their shoulders.
seems pricey for a pillow but the comfort is well worth it.
as other reviewers mentioned, the seam along the top digs into my shoulder.
this pillow is amazing.
absolutely amazing.
great leg, back, and neck support.
well, its big and soft.
it did support my back a bit.
stiching is good and it is nice that it comes with a pillow cover.
i bought her this and even though it is exspensive it has been well worth the price for both of us.
my wife has found that there are many different ways you can situate the pillow depending on how she is feeling that day.
but with this pillow, i was able to prop up the top part to support my back and sleep at in incline.
it truly became my new bed bff.
i still use it when i'm lounging on the bed, though it is no longer a permanent resident on the bed because it is a bit large and cumbersome.
the reason i bought this pillow is because i switch sides and roll around a lot at night and it's the same on both sides.
the top seam is really tight and is not flexible at all.
originally bought a body pillow and found it too difficult to turn in bed and deal with bringing the pillow in and out from under the sheets to switch sides with me.
got this pillow and every night has been a wonderful nights sleep.
also, my husband could not fit in our queen sized bed.
i returned it right away.
it wasn't as comfortable as i hoped, and i couldn't seem to get it positioned correctly to help support my growing belly.
but it is so worth it for the comfort you will receive.
you can also bend the top up and add an extra pillow and its great for reading in bed.
if your hips hurt, this pillow helps.
the back support is wonderful and it holds you in all the right places.i can recommend this enough... well worth the price.
this pillow worked so great and was very comfortable.
it gives support in all the right places and helps you sleep comfortably.
my husband was not a huge fan of the amount of space it took up in our queen size bed, but he also understood how much it helped with back pain and just my overall quality of sleep.
i obviously still love and bought a second because you don't have to keep moving a body pillow side to side.
this is a large pillow, im glad  we have a king size bed.
highly recommended overall!
this pillow is definitely worth the cost.
i love it!pros:1.
the back support and front support is awesome.
it is nice and large!
for me, it is perfect.
i can also snuggle in and read my book for hours.
you don't need to hassle with moving pillows this way or that in the bed.cons:1.
on our queen bed, it takes up about 2/3 of the space.
my husband opted to sleep downstairs (it's cooler down there anyway since it is a hot summer).
this is so minor.
this body pillow is super comfortable but beware...it's huge!
i still like it a lot though.
it's also pretty versatile in the different ways it can be used.
just keep in mind, if you sleep in a queen-size bed this pillow will take up most of the room.
i love this item and love that its so versatile.
this pillow does provide support when you are sleeping on your side, but it will not help you remain in that position.
turning the pillow around won't help because the two legs will still move apart and your head will be on the mattress.
for extra head elevation, if i'm experiencing heartburn, i just add my regular pillow underneath the head piece and it works like a charm!
i think being of smaller stature helps with this pillow because ever section is right where it needs to be.
love this pillow.
i got this pillow for christmas and it is amazing.
if over time i find anything different out i will let you know but so far this is a must have!update~ 2/12/11i am still in love with this pillow.
totally worth the money.update~4/2/11i am loving this pillow more and more everyday.
i felt supported on my back, legs and tummy.
oh well, comfort over function i suppose.
bottom line: if you are looking for a body pillow which supports both the back and the stomach, this will accomplish that.
it does support your belly on both sides and is also comfortable as a pillow for side sleeping.
it does not lose its firmness, which is great.
it's not perfect, but helps wonders with sleep.
i used to have two pillows (on top of each other) to elevate my head to help with the acid reflux and end up having soar neck in the morning.
this pillow is great.
i highly recommend it.
i am 17 weeks pregnant and it works great.
the construction is great.
it's amazing how much support is gives and comfort through the night, even our pups think it's great.there is a removable cover to wash, and did i say it's amazing in comfort!!
:) so happy with this!!!!
at 37 weeks i figure i can give an accurate review of this pillow.
wife used this for the last six months of her pregnancy and continues to use it after the birth.it takes up about half of a queen size bed but provides great support whether on your back or either side.
i feel like the length works perfect for me, and it fits me well under the head, where i hug it, and also where i put it between my knees.
i'm sleeping like a dream with this pillow, hence the 5 star rating, though i do have a few issues.
it's a bit cumbersome to get into and out of this pillow when you're getting up to use the bathroom multiple times a night, but it's nice to have the option of two "arms" of the pillow so you have something to snuggle if you switch sides.
nevertheless, i am so happy with this purchase, and credit it with many nights of peaceful slumber.
first, polyester cover - scratchy and not very soft.secondly, there is a weird contour of the pillow that pokes right at your stomach.
i love this pillow!
having support on both my front and back has been awesome.
plus, it's great to prop up the top end against the headboard and read, etc.
cuddle time and sleep time just have to be separate is all but it's worth it for my comfort and my husband agrees.
that works great.
and it's absolutely worth the price, hands-down.
the pillow is nice and fluffy.
it gives great cushion for the back while seated.
honestly, it is amazing and i am so glad i ordered it!
my husband even comments on how comfy i look sleeping with it!!
=)
the smell of the pillow when it is first opened is really strong.
i aired it out with a fan for a few days and it still smelled strong.
i even tried to cut the fabric at the inside corners, but it still cut into my neck.
the fabric is also kind of rough.
it works well this way.
bought one for my sister during her pregnancy and she loved it as well.
i love this pillow.
it has also helped tremendously in preventing hip pain and back pain.
it is awesome and i highly recommend it!
just keep in mind that it is very big and will take up a large amount of bed space.
my sweetie is confined to the very edge of our bed ever since i've had this pillow.
but it holds the baby belly well, has cut outs for the breasts which is good because they are completely in the way.
it's like a pillow nest.
a good night's sleep is priceless, particularly when you're pregnant.
i highly recommend it!
the first moment i tried it out, it felt comfortable, as it is very stuffed and does offer support.
you can't imagine how wonderfully comfortable this design & quality of its contents.
want to buy more as gifts for senior parents (both back & neck injuries never recovered pain free) and for 2 sons who work 7 days wk, quality of sleep should improve.neck & head pillow sections felt perfect, front & back, thigh, hip, leg support same.
suggest pregnant women order early, 1st trimester to help with extreme fatigue.
but my husband and i sleep in a queen size bed and both fit just fine with the pillow.
the beauty of its size is that you don't have to bring it with you when you want to roll from your left to your right side in your sleep.
you just roll, and you still have the pillow there for your leg.
i find it's much easier to cllmb in and out over it, though admittedly, i am a very mobile 9 and a 1/2 months pregnant.bottom line is, this is a wonderful pillow and it really does help you sleep better!
the seams at the top sorta bothered my arms/shoulders.
i loved this pillow while i was pregnant.
it was wonderful.
i found this pillow and thought that it looked like it could help keep me from rolling on to my back in my sleep.
i love this pillow.
it contours in just the right places.
i am so happy i did.
you can also put your regular head pillow under the top part so that your head is elevated, helping to relieve heart burn.cons of this pillow are pretty much what everyone else stated.
i did however find a way to quiet these complaints and i'll share: i told him we could use it to help with positions during love making.
in all truthfulness though you may want to consider using it for that as well as it actually does help (both with that and with your husband's complaints).
it has been worth every penny.
it not only supports my back, but also my growing belly and aching legs.
it is nice and fluffy and very supportive.
i would highly recommend though.
this is a life-saver...my rotweiller agrees that its the best and is always trying to weasel his way in there with me!
the pillow is supportive, i love the shape.
my hips were always hurting and i didn't get great sleep at the end of the pregnancy.
boy am i glad i listened to him!
this pillow is so comfortable and supportive.
this is a well-made, comfortable body support pillow that i used during the mid to late stages of my pregnancy.
it came highly recommended from a friend and i am very glad i listened.it is quite large, however it was perfect for positioning a seemingly ever-changing body into a relaxed but supported position.the cover is very easy to remove, clean, and put back on the pillow.
i had heard wonderful things about the leachco snoogles, so i bought this body pillow from leachco with high hopes.
it does give great support to both your back and belly.
the fabric is also very scratchy and not soft.
i thought this pillow might help after my nurse practitioner recommended getting a leacho pillow.
you can see this from the pictures of the woman laying on her side.
i have now been using it for 2+ months and am very happy with this pillow....it provides comfortable support during the night and i am able to sleep more soundly.
the other reviewers are correct, it is a very large pillow, however, it fits perfectly in our king-sized bed.
as a tummy sleeper i needed a body pillow to help keep me on my side & support my hips & growing tummy.
it's great!!
this conforms to your whole body and helps give your body the support it needs.
i thought that the contoured back & belly shape would be great but in practical use, it's not actually all that useful -- i still have to use a regular pillow to place between my knees and underneath my belly.
it's design is nice because you don't have to keep moving the pillow in the middle of the night when you change sides, and it is very comfortable.
i have a king size bed and my husband still has plenty of space, so space isn't an issue with me.
i think though that this is well worth it - enjoy the sleep before the baby comes.update: i'm now in my 9th month of pregnancy and still love this pillow.
it supports your neck, back, stomach and hips.
i've washed the cover numerous times and now find it easy to put back on, but the material isn't the best, as there is some fuzz balls on it now.
i would still highly recommend this pillow and wouldn't be getting any sleep without it.
it's very nice and provides a great support for my belly.
we have a king size bed and even with this pillow on one side, my husband has plenty of room and some more.
the seams on the inner side were a little rough in the very beginning, but after the first wash, the fabric got softer.this pillow definitely keeps you warm.
this might be something to consider if you are planning to use it in the summer.
update: this pillow is an incredible must-have!
i bought it at 19 weeks pregnant and have been sleeping soundly ever since!it supports every part of my back, hips, belly, and legs!
it's true that i can't cuddle with my husband, but he's gotten used to it and actually loves it also!
once i got the pillow in the mail, i slept on it and the very next day i felt incredible relief.
i love this pillow!
either way, if you're pregnant and shopping for a pillow, consider this one your blessing from the skies.
it has definitely helped me sleep better.
in order to snap the tray down, i have to bend it a bit.. it does not align perfectly with the end it snaps onto.3.
i loved this swing when we put it together, however our son was 10 lbs.
the music is great and will play forever if you let it i also love that you can adjust the sound.
they shold make this in a portable size and a bit wider!
i just strap her in and she sleeps peacefully.
with our first baby we had a travel swing.
its a beautiful pattern in sage green with toile.
we did struggle a bit with the fabric fitting but it did fit....snuggly.
".beautiful swing, great movement for all ages of babies and a true necessity from the first day home.
you will be able to use this swing for several babies.
dont hesitate, you and your baby will love it!
my 2 sons used the same graco 6 speed open top swing (we have a different pattern than the pictured windsor pattern).
i am expecting my 3rd son very soon, so i thought i might try one of these newer model swings i.e graco hug swing, graco silouette swing, fisher price cradle swing, etc.
i also found that the seat covers on the graco open top are easy to remove and wash (as most graco products).
it didn't have a mobile (i had to secure a soft stroller playbar across the top to give my daughter something to look at) so that is a nice addition.
if your baby doesn't crave continuous motion this is a great swing still... well built and uncomplicated.
the side-to-side swings look nice, but honestly most babies can live without it!
our  son  enjoys his  swing  time.
i am a first time mother.
the mobile was the hardest part.
it sure isn't a quiet swing, it makes a clicking noise everytime it goes back and forth.
i'm not happy with it at all.
i went and bought the linkadoos take along swing, which i love and am completely satisfied with.
i taped baby faces to the tops of the poles for her to look at instead of the mobile because babies like faces.
it is the greatest!
we also have a small portable swing that my daughter likes much better.
the colors of the portable swing are brighter and the toy bar actually comes a lot closer to her.
i do like the open top of this swing .
it basically sits in the living room as a beautiful item to look at.
this little toy is so cute and unique, we get lots of compliments on it.
my dd love is .
it is fun for the both of us!
my baby loves this...we hang it from his play gym to keep it interesting.
it appears very well made and gives him a new texture/weight of toy to play with.
this is the first toy that my daughter actually grasped in her hand (hence the high educational rating).
the little handle is just the perfect size for her little grip, and she gets a kick out of making noise.
she also appears to love the texture on her gums, because she chews and slobbers on the ring all the time.this is definitely a favorite toy and the premium price is totally worth it to me because it is non-toxic and very high in quality.
my daughter is very interested in the sound it makes when you pull on the ring and the pieces make a clacking noise.
she likes to chew on the caterpillar - it's great for teething.
this is one of my new favorites!
the colors are vibrant, and the sounds the wooden pieces make when it's yanked on are pleasant.
everybody stops to admire it and asks where we bought it.
we have several wooden baby toys, but this is the best one we own.
it's superb quality, and has given our son months of use and play.
it's still in new condition- the finish is intact and despite lots of chewing and pulling, the elastic is still taut.
i like that its make of wood and not plastic plus its small enough for her to hold on to it.
this toy is beautifully made and great quality.
i really wanted her to enjoy it, especially because of the teething ring on the end, but this didn't work for me and what i intended to use it for.
this toy is colorful and well-made, as all of the haba toys we own are.
it's interesting to look at and hold, and the elastic is fun for my daughter to stretch.
it's a good purchase, and is small enough to easily throw in the diaper bag.
max is very beautifully made..great to look at ..but my baby doesnt care for it at all.. honestly i enjoy it much more than he does..
very cute and unique little toy- we get lots of compliments and my dd loves to pull on it and chew on it.
bought this when my son was 6 months old - he loved it!
i don't worry about it going in the mouth because haba has a great track record of safety.
overall great infant toy!
like the fish, this got a lot of attention and looked good in the photos.
boy toy.
max is very cute and has a pleasant smile.
the toy is very well made.
max is a huge hit in my house.
when our lo realized he could grasp, he pulled at max's ring and entertained himself for quite a while.
now that our lo is pulling on toys with both hands, he loves stretching max more than ever.
highly recommended for fun and safe entertaining - no plastic!
this toy is made in germany and is made of wood.
it is absolutely beautiful as well as very baby engaging.
my babies all loved this toy.
great for attaching to a stroller of shopping cart.
wooden ring for chewing plus a nice soft clacking sound when shook= a winner.
it's a very well made toy, easy for her to hold on to.
i also like that its a small toy and easily transportable in the diaper bag.
it is a great durable and safe toy, we love it!
max is not just the baby's favorite, he is the family's favorite!
all the older kids love engaging their little brother with this toy.
the colors are vibrant, and the clacking sounds are pleasant sounding when you shake it and/or pull on the wooden ring.
i like being able to clip him anywhere without the worry that we'll lose our precious haba toy.
we love all the haba toys we've bought so far, and this is one of the favorites in our growing collection.
i love how solid "max" is--great quality wood and paint.
it makes a "clacking" sound when he is moved back and forth, and babies love that sound, they also love the durable yellow elastic on the top to grab and shake.
definitely worth the money.
it's a great durable and safe toy.
one can buy cheaper products but this toy is well worth the cost.
it can be held or hung, the ring at the bottom is a great teether, and the wooden discs forming the body can be moved and clacked together.
sounds simple compared to many products out there for young babies and my baby repeatedly sought this out and enjoyed it for long periods.
the little face on it is appealing to her and she liked experimenting with it to make it produce clacking sounds, stretching it, etc.
we bought max to attach to our son's stroller when he was under a year old.
when our son was very young he would stretch it up to his mouth to chew on and it survived that as well.
we are now on our second child and she is as fascinated with max as our son was.
i definitely recommend this toy, especially for a stroller distraction.
this is an attractive, well-made rattle that makes a pleasant sound when shook.
he loved it...however, as soon as he started getting teeth he made marks in the wood and paint started to chip off.
this is a great rattle.
simple, yet perfect.
perfect size for little hands to hold, bright colors, rings make just enough noise (without driving mom & dad batty), and safe!
haba is a trusted brand in our house.
our baby boy was constantly moving his hands and grabbing things to manipulate them - as opposed to babies who just grasp an object and shake it - so this teether toy was perfect for him.
this was the only teether he consistently enjoyed grabbing and putting in his mouth.
our kid (at 5 months) was very unmoved by my great show of generosity in purchasing this toy (ingrates).
it's a beautiful little toy, but i got disappointingly little mileage out of it.
love these toys for the baby.our baby is very young but just learning to grasp and we are prepared well
this was the first toy that my baby was able to hold.
it is light and small (maybe three inches across, about the size of a bracelet), perfect for two month old hands.
what i love about the toy is the nice, soft rattle sound.
when the baby started teething, she enjoyed putting it in her mouth, and i was glad it is made of wood and safe dyes.i only wish she played with it more.
for the price and the two minutes she will look at this toy, i'm not sure it is worth buying.
the only portable toy that has ever been able to keep her attention is chewing on the rubber sophie giraffe.
all of the colors, and the interesting shape, plus those other two rings--doesn't that look fun?eh.my daughter isn't really impressed.she likes the triangles better.
even though this looks more fun.
my infant daughter loved playing with it from 3m up.
this ring was the first toy our baby grasped at 2.5 months of age.
it is well made and i feel confident i am giving him something safe to play with.
this ring, the waldorf maple teether ring and sophie the giraffe are his favorite three items to chew on and we highly recommend all three to ensure variety.
great quality, exactly as described, haba is a great company.
i love the quality of this toy.
the colors are so bright and eye catching.
i've become a big fan of haba toys lately.
with all the stuff made in china its nice to see some quality made toys!
easy to clean and maintain - durable and a kids favorite...you can't go wrong!
even though it is simple, it is the best rattle out there and holds my daughters attention for ten minutes at a time.
it also gives me some piece of mind that she is not putting plastic in her mouth.
he loves to shake it and make the rings rattle, it's a very pleasant sound.
it's colorful and very well made.
what a wonderful way to get introduced to the world of haba toys!
love that's it's german made and safe because it's in his mouth all the time!
i'm a foster mom, and i've bought this rattle/clutching toy for two of our babies over the past year.
they have both loved it.
one is 5 months old and enjoys picking it up, passing it back and forth between her hands, holding it with both hands, and shaking it to make it rattle.
our last baby was 3 months old when i bought this toy, and it remains her absolute favorite.
but to say the truth it is very well-made, colorful, and nicely finished wood with natural material.
the colors are bendy and the loose rings are fun to jiggle around.
definitely a baby toy.
at about 4.5 months he started holding it and "clutching" it himself and plays with it most days, though it still isn't his favorite.
the sound is nice when rattled, and the colors are bright and cheery.
the simple design is perfect for my baby who gets over stimulated eaily.
it's pleasant sound has a calming effect.
this was our baby's favorite christmas gift.
it looks really appealing, very colorful and basic but fun.
however my son has had it for 2 months and has shown minimal interest in it.
i will say that it is very well-made, a smooth, nicely finished wood with natural-looking but bright paint.
this is a high-quality, attractive teether.
they're flexible and whenever they flex back together, if baby's lip or skin happens to be in one of the small openings...ouch.
i like that its made of wood, would be the best ever if it was just natural wood.
this was a wonderful teether for our little one.
it was just the right size to easily grip, he was fascinated by all the colors and moving rings, and i felt good about letting him chew on it, knowing it wasn't covered in toxic paint or leeching plastic chemicals.
:)
perfect clutch toy.
it was one of my baby's first teethers and perfect because she could hold onto the round shape easily.
one side is solid wood and the colorful part is made of pieces that fit tightly together.
the change in texture was very interesting to the baby and the colors fun to look at.
it's perfect simplicity.
held up beautifully.
a quality toy and i like that it's wood.
my son enjoyed gazing at this toy before he could even grasp.
it's a sturdy toy and looks like new.
it was well worth buying.
you don't always want your kid gnawing on plastic and this is a good alternative.
it is well made and colorful, and the different textures, sounds, colors, and movement really keep a baby entertained.
the beads that form the rainbow portion of the ring are sort of strung on the ring instead of glued solid.
she definitely likes it as a rattle (tons of fun when you slip it on her wrist).
very durable, colorful toy that will last forever...just serving a different purpose than what i originally intended.
soooo pretty to look at!
this is one of those simple toys that is durable enough to last into toddlerhood and be fondly remembered by your child.
made of beech wood and non-toxic finishes, i feel safe allowing my daughter to put it in her mouth.
pretty nice quality- i could see it lasting through multiple children.
the colors are attractive and might help later in color recognition.
i am in love with this teether/toy combo.
i'm so glad that i found some nice toys made in usa and germany!
i bet our little son is going to love it ;-) i'm expecting right now!
my son loves this toy.
it's just right in his hand, is very colorful and gets his attention.
so smooth and.
our 9 month old baby boy has many of the little toys, and this is one of his favorites.
haba toys are the best!
of my daughter's various haba toys, this is her current favorite.
we love most all haba toys.
this was my infant son's favorite toy.
it is safe non-toxic wood and he liked to shake it.
it has stimulating colors, similar to other haba toys, but the noise and movement made this his favorite.
i love haba toys.
i am still very happy to have tried them all and hope that he will go through different stages when he will find them all interesting.
we love this toy.
well-made, well-designed, and fun.
great for older infant who is learning to use both hands together, as it is a little large to grab with one hand.
not much fun for chewing on, but fun to roll.
highly recommend.
as a huge fan of anything ball-like, i thought it would capture her fancy.the toy itself is essentially 6 wooden pieces strung together on a very thick rubber cord.
each piece is separated by a small wooden ball to give even spacing.
the pieces can be clicked together, and because it never forms a perfect ball, ballino can be rolled on the floor but will go in a fairly random direction.
it actually works.
when you play catch; it does make clicking sound.
count less hours of fun and price less smiles.
this ball is very well made, tennis ball sized.
a bungee cord holds it together giving it the ability to bend from side to side producing a nice wooden clak.
it looks fascinating when it's spun like a top.
my 10 month old son loves the 3 of the cubes, the ones that can make som sound.
still they are good to stack and trow around.
they are great to discover sounds and images.
these blocks were the beginning of my love affair with haba products.
for a young baby they provide far more age appropriate education and fun than the average wood block, and they are of excellent quality.
my daughter has thoroughly enjoyed exploring each unique block since she was 4 months old.
this is by far one of my favorite toy purchases for her.
a year later, the blocks are rarely played with, and yet they look awful.
get some natural wooden blocks finished with beeswax (on etsy perhaps), and pass on these.
well at least they fit in by baby's hand lol... other than that the quality is great: she love banging them around the wall and everything and they are still as new.
love them but for the price the size is a down :(
my son is eight months old.
for the cost, it isn't such a great value.
i bought these with the haba first blocks set, and they are both great products.
the quality is amazing, definitely worth the price.
i searched the web for some time trying to find some "cool" and different toys for my newborn son.
bright colors and easy grasping for small hands many for hours of fun for your little one.
this was one of my baby's favorite toys until i found the outside ring cracked all the way through yesterday.
i love that haba makes toys that are wood and colorful for the baby to look at but if it cracks after less than a month, this particular toy wasn't worth it.
i considered purchasing again bc my baby loved it but i worry that it will crack while he's chewing on it and pinch him.
my experience seems to be uncommon though, i still love haba, i'd just recommend inspecting the toy each time you give it to your baby.
we also received as gifts the moby clutching toy and the haba rattle with colored "beads" -- that one was probably the best in catching her eye with color and movement and sound, and she liked chomping on that one as well as this one.
(thank you, friends + family, for the generous gifts!)
all in all, haba toys are fantastic and very nice to have.
this was my first haba purchase and i will definitely be making more.
i love this toy.
it's so simple, yet it keeps my lo's attention.
it works as a quiet rattle, a clutch toy and a teether.
it's colorful and not made of plastic.
he loved it.
it's such a well made toy.
it was totally worth the cost.
this was a wonderful teether for our little one.
i have a 6 month old and this is his favorite.
it's easy to grab and he doesn't drop it fifty-million times like other toys.
haba is such a wonderful marker of wooden toys.
my son has loved this toy since he was 5months old (i have posted pics).
it's a beautiful toy and there is so much to keep busy hands (and mouths!)
haba is my favorite wooden toy brand.
the colors are bold and won't chip.
the wood is a dream to touch.
and the design is perfect.
this is a little expensive, but it's worth it.since the day it was arrived, he loved to play with it.6 months---he put blue parts in his mouth.10 months---shake, shake, shake,1 year old ---he still goes to grab this toy and shake it.i love haba toys.
the paint doesn't come off.i feel safe giving haba toys.
it is made well and the colors are bright.
this one is great.
it's delightful to look at, and fun to hold and manipulate.
i love the cheerful clowns on it.
i love this toy, it is so colorful, well made and fun!
he took to it right away and has played with it all day.
it is easy for him to grab and put in his mouth, the little men are so cute and it makes a fun rattle sound when handled.
my son hasn't shown a ton of interest (7months) but it's cute and easy to grasp - well made.
this is my sons favorite toy and mine.
it's beautifully hand crafted and fun for him to play with.
this is something i will be saving for the next baby..
my son loved these as a baby.
:-) he especially loved the crinkly wings.
they're very versatile and can keep babies amused for hours!
she especially likes the crinkly wings and rattle noises two of them make.
so what that means is for you finicky parents, you can just give your child one at a time and toss them away as they get dirty or what not.my nephew likes them i assume because because they crinkle, rattle, are visually stimulating, and help him teeth.again, given the price on amazon and the amount you get for that price, i can give this 5 stars.
he loves the bee with the orange face the best.
the wings make a crinkle noise and my son loves grabbing them.
i also love that these are teether toys although my baby didn't use them much.
i still washed one and it came out just fine.
keeps our busy one year old very entertained.
these are cute and fun but i wished i could choose which one i got for my child.
but otherwise this is a nice toy/instrument.
perfect for music time and it fits perfect in baby's hand.
my son still loves them though!!
also, i have feral cats i feed and like them to feel safe on the deck.
all in all this is a great gate, especially for the price.
i'm very happy with this purchase.
as a stationary gate that we leave in place, this is an excellent value and a tight fit.
it does take a few minutes...  great value!
it's easier to just step over them than to move them every time to enter one of the rooms but they are pretty easy to move and put back
works really well, a good height for stepping over if you are an adult.
lightweight but sturdy.
definitely recommend!
the "memory-lock" feature might sound good in theory, but it just doesn't work as well as you think, as adjusting it often causes the memory bar to come undone.
once you've got the gate into place, it has a tight, snug fit.
as it is, i'll deal with having to hop into and out of my kitchen.
great gate, not the most attractive, but who cares.
well worth it,we own two.
about two weeks after sending the last of my easy to use first years baby gates to the goodwill, we decided to get a puppy.
sure, it's easy to unlatch and remove from the door frame one handed, but setting it back up is a challenge.
they travel well (i take to my parents all the time), are a great price and make it that my daughter can see over the gate... which seems to calm her a bit.
this gate does its job for the price.
it is not the best quality gate out there, but it works.
we have it in our doorwary leading to the garage.
this gate is very sturdy and easy to install.
because you adjust the width of the gate by sliding the two panels, it will fit your doorway much better than the metal gates with the extensions.
great for fence off an area that you don't use very often.
the construct is good, plastic is strong enough, easy to adjust.
our other gate looks very similar (gray, plastic...) but works like a charm, while this one and its weird "memory" clip make it difficult to set up and take down.i hated this gate so much that we just donated it to charity.
i don't find that the memory feature works in the longer positions.
this also does not work with our baseboards.
for the price i paid for this gate, its totally worth it.
we live in an apartment and i did not want any gates with hardware.
it is not very easy to get it to the correct door size, but once that's done its a breeze.
i ordered 2 more after i was happy with the first but.
i was positively surprised at how good it actually works.
i had to use one foot to keep it pushed against the wall while pulling with both hands to spread it between the walls in the stairwell.
the memory funktion keeps it in the same position and the gate doesn't have to be readjusted each time.i also love how good it stays in place.
definitely safe and easy to use at a top price.
just not very pretty to look at but what does that matter?!
it isn't a great quality - ours bowed and if the doorway isn't completely squared off correctly it doesn't work right.
:d
i have 3 of these gates and use them to block large openings for my dogs when i need to keep them away from company.
we have had this gate installed on our covered porch for 6 months now and it has held up great!!!
(we only need a gate while our kids are young)  instead of drilling into the vinyl posts, we attached wood with zip ties and drilled into the wood instead.
word of caution, please make sure to align the gate mounts on both sides of the walls.
our other one held up for at least 8 years, as it is at the top of the stairs at my mother's ranch house, with constant grandkids in and out.
other than that incident, it is a very sturdy gate that kids are not able to figure out how to open.
this gate is sturdy and installs great.
other than that, it works wonderful for keeping my 11 month old son out of the laundry room where the dogfood is, and keeps my 4 labrador retrievers out of the house when company is over.
it is tall enough to keep one of my dogs from jumping over the top of it.
within 2 days, i received the correct piece and now have both gate units in full use.
i think this was a very smart investment and you can't beat the price.
our entryways are from removing 2 french doors each entry, so i was limited as to what gates would fit such a large space.
these fit the bill, and we still have a good 3-4 inches left for full extension.
i highly recommend these gates.
great price, great quality, and the customer service with the manufacturer stands behind their products...and of course, amazon.com is the best way to shop too!
i love it because it stretches from my kid toy room to the kitchen...great gate!
i installed this gate at the top of our deck stairs to keep my little one from wandering off the deck.
it's easy to install, sturdy, the perfect width, and it holds up great outdoors.
this gate is great!
it was a great price and wide enough for all of our rooms.
just perfect!
this gate is great.
this one also works well in regular doorways.
it fits snug and the tension points are well above base molding, which helps to secure a tight even fit.
out of all the larger gates we tested this one was the best, and also the most economical.
the other units didn't open or close properly or required drilling - this one is old school and perfect for our stairwell!
i use it both for dogs and children.
this gate fit the space between my kitchen counter and the wall terrific so it was ideal for what i needed.
also, since it's accordion-style, it truly does fit any opening within the range, as opposed to the gates that you have to attach pieces to until it fits, and sometimes it just doesn't work at all.
the plastic piece across the top keeps it quite secure enough for any normal use and abuse.
the open/close latch is not as easy as some, but after you do it a time or two, it's pretty easy and anyone should be able to handle it with one hand, while any typical kid of the age this should be used for should not be strong/dexterous enough to handle it.
overall, this fit my needs perfectly, and is a terrific value at a fraction of the cost of much more elaborate gates.
i use this between my kitchen and dining.
the holes are kind of big and my baby has stuck a leg and arm through a couple times and gotten stuck.
it is hard to open but easier once you get the hang of it.
this gate looked like the easiest to install and the most durable.
the gate has a white plastic bar at the top that keeps it a little more rigid then the older expandable swing gates and it compliments my white and maple colored stair railing perfectly.
easy to install.
also it would be easy to adapt if you want a different open/close mechanism.
looks nice and seems very sturdy.
easy to install and keeps the two dogs well contained.
i bought 2 gates and one is awesome, the others top plastic slider gets stuck and doesn't slide by itself but i can get it to go over- still worth the money.
the base of our stairs and our pantry door have misaligned wall areas for attaching a standard gate, so we have two of these now.
they are perfect for keeping kids and pets out.
easy installation!
i put it up anyway because i needed a gate asap and much to my surprise it is still going strong after 2.5 tough years of use.
we use it at the top landing of our staircase and it works great.
we screwed it into a solid wood doorframe to block our kitchen, which has an oversized opening.
keeps the baby out of the oven, out of the fridge and out of the trash.
it swings open great, opens either direction, can be removed easily, and i can step over it quite easily (33&#34; inseam).
the instructions aren't very clear, so you'll use your creativity in getting it together.
i sent this right back upon opening it.
this gate is awesome because it is big enough to span the space i needed it to fit in.
it was the perfect length to fit in her sunroom.
i looked everywhere for a gate that would fit our very wide doorway.
the gate arrived on time and in perfect condition.
it is sturdy and will bear the wear and tear of children while also do an excellent job of keeping my three dogs out.
we bought this gate to block off a large section of space right before the beginning of the staircase.
for the price it works great.
it was very flimsy at first, but we followed the other reviews and bolted it on two sides in the middle to steady it.
definitely recommend.
the best large-area gate i have seen at this price.
very light-weight, but does the job well.
it swings open or the slats slide to the side to open.
love the affordability and ease of sliding the slats over to one side.
i own another north states gate that we used with our eldest child and still use, and love it, which is why i was inclined to purchase another gate from the same company.
this worked great to keep (large) dogs on one side and kids on the other.
it is very durable.
the only way to get a good wide gate would be to make sure you can secure it to the floor somehow in the middle.
we just bungee it in the middle to the stair railing and slide it open to cover both sets of stairs.
i ordered two of these gates to help section off a very open floor plan in our home.
these gates function perfectly for our purpose.
they provide a visual and light structural barrier between our dog's area of the home and us and the baby.
we purchased this for the space between living room and kitchen which is 72" wide.
we purchased it in august when our son started to crawl.
the gate itself is nice and sturdy and withstands the baby's rattling for attention.
bought this as a second base for our evenflo travel system.
its great to have two of these.
perfect
this is great to have.
easy to use and to install.
the base was easy to install and easily adjusted.
the whole thing has sharp edges and it is just not safe to use for your baby, in my opinion.
this net is very sturdy and easy to install.
its also transparent as well.
its not an eye sore, once installed.
this is great.
my baby boy this kept him safe and secure and i would recommend it babies mine is now 18 months and this is well worth the investment
i like these but the adhesive doesn't really work.
our 8-mo-old pulled it off within a few days.
we used super glue and now it's not going anywhere.
i highly recommend these.
works.
come in a pack of eight.
at first, these stuck on real well.
the cushions are great in and of themselves, but the double sided tape used to stick them down isn't.
but i'm still happy with the purchase and will just stick them down better with better tape or glue.
well worth it, even if they do need to be remounted with better adhesive.
i got these to use on our dining room table because my daughter kept walking right into the edges and hurting herself.
would definitely purchase again!
yep, these are a staple in our house.
the tape that comes with them is 3m and works a treat.
overall, i think it was a great purchase as it does the job well and is inconspicious.
these don't look as attractive, but they work and they stay put.
they fit well and are very soft.
the kushions are well-padded, appropriately size, and sticks well to the furniture and brick fireplace.
there is many different modes for interaction, unlike the knp which only has 2 options.as you can see i really love this and so does my 1 month old daughter.
the magic moments learning seat is even cuter in person.
it was a sinch to put together and the instructions are easy to follow.
it has three settings of vibrations, two sound controls and even the lowest is great for baby.
putting the seat together was easy and quick.
the directions were very easy to follow.
i put my son in the seat and he became very excited.
overall this is great.
this is one of the best gifts we received!
we've used this "bouncy" seat every day since bringing our baby home from the hospital two and a half weeks ago.
my only complaint - a very minor one - is that the straps on the 3-point harness are a bit too short on the sides that get threaded through the back of the seat.
i would definitely recommend this learning seat to anyone with a new infant!
our daughter loves to be swaddled, when we get it right - however, the blankets that we have (even the ones that the hospital used to swaddle her) were not very helpful for easy swaddling.
we hope it will work better when she gets bigger.2.
fleece - decent winter solution, but terrible in the summer.
if only it came in a lighter material (we haven't found it).oh well... it definitely seems to work for some, so don't use our review as your only basis.that being said, however, we found two other options:1)  when our kids were very young (-> 1 month) we used a large waffle weave blanket from target (~$5) and it worked wonderfully... we can wrap it tight, and she does work herself loose after about 3 hours, but it is better than any of the previous solutions.2)  the amazing miracle blanket (another swaddling blanket), was our by far favorite swaddling blanketone other note about swaddling - whenever she has been properly swaddled (usually by an expert) she loves it... we initially told some folks who have a lot of experience with children that she liked to have her arms loose.
the response we got is that most babies behave that way, and it really is the small minority of babies that don't really like swaddling.
compared to the other brands this has much bigger velcro tabs that allows you to adjust it to get the perfect fit for your baby.
now 6 yrs later, we use it for our daughter!
after i read the happy baby by harvey karp (great book!!!
my step mother gave us one of these and i love it!
it's soft, easy and quick to use, and our son doesn't squirm out of it.
i love this swaddler!
what i like most about it is the adjustable sides.
you can make it as tight as you want and the velcrow keeps it in place.
which keeps me from worrying about the blanket moving up and covering the babys face or mouth.
this is definitely one of our favorite purchases!
let's face it, you have a newborn and tons of dresses, etc.
the velcro tags get attached wonderfully and tucks the legs in too.
a highly recommended product.there are 2 sizes - big and small.
it's too big and the newborn will effectively "swim" inside!!
finally, the velcro tabs won't fit and thus you'll have troble attaching them.
this, and products like it, are nice, but simply not necessary.
all you need is the right blanket and a lesson from your nurses at the hospital.
this item is awesome.
my son outgrew his small once, so i've ordered a larger one.
i loved having this easy-swaddleme wrap!
it was great while it lasted and it's a fantastic shower gift!
this is now part of our standard gift pack for baby showers for friends.
indispensable!i'd also like to recommend the snuza halo sids monitor: something we've used for both babies and so important for safety and peace of mind, check it out.
before you master swaddling.
if your baby is exceptionally squirmy, he will just simply wiggle his way easily out of it.
i would suggest mastering a traditional swaddle with a good-size blanket; small, cutesy ones don't work that great for swaddling.
thanks mom!
we can change her diaper without unwrapping her arms, helping her stay relaxed and sleepy in the evenings.
the swaddleme wraps also wash very well.
the velcro was not strong and the way it contoured to my babys body was not smoothing to my daughter..
it's not perfect - i do wish the velcro spots were a little bigger - but it does the trick and makes my son very comfortable and happy.
we began using the swaddleme wrap the day our son came home from the hospital.
our son has been sleeping soundly through the night (8 hours) since he was 6 weeks old, and i credit that to the tight swaddle this wrap provides.
i got this one for my 2nd baby due in december, this will keep her nice and warm and snuggled.
price is good though.
(btw, the fleece is for cold days and get the cotton knit for warm days, otherwise you baby's gonna overheat.)
the first years makes a two pack of swaddling blankets which fit a 7 lb.
baby perfectly.
also, make sure you don't use a fleece swaddler if it's too warm - use the cotton one.
if your baby is active and won't settle down, swaddle her!!
babies love it!
when preparing to have our first child i bought one of each kind of swaddle, not knowing what we would like the best.
we've also tried the standard 'receiving' blanket and some nice stretchy ones.
the miracle blanket works best for her because it does a better job at keeping her arms down than others and doesn't have noisy velcro on it.
as she's getting more and more arm control i'm finding that she is slowly liking the "halo sleep sack" better, but at night she still needs her arms confined.
the carter's waffle blankets worked better for us and are a better value because they can be used for other purposes as well.
this blanket is a nice solution for those who can't get the hang of traditional swaddling.
the fleece is too warm for warmer weather, but it is wonderfuul for cool nights.
it is great for bigger and stronger babies.
it is warm and my daughther (nb) stays really nice swaddled.
the small one is a bit too big for a newborn, but we manage to use it well, and they grow fast, so i will still use it a lot.
when i brought my 8 pound newborn home, i wrapped her in it right away.
this is great for the first 3 months maybe 4.
our boy is 10 pounds and there's plenty of room still!the first night we used his he slept for 6 hours straight!
i love these and the sleepsacks.
i knew the benefits of swaddling a newborn from having done so with our 1st child, and the swaddleme caught my attention with its design and overall ease of properly swaddling a baby.
the only time she doesn't "wear" her swaddleme is during diaper and clothing changes and in her carseat - any other time of the day, she's snuggly wrapped up.swaddling a baby with a regular blanket can be a bit tricky, but this specially-shaped wrap makes it super easy.
the velcro tabs ensure that the baby can't accidentally loosen the wrap and unswaddle him or herself.i highly recommend this wonderful blanket/wrap to anyone who is expecting or has a newborn baby.
loved this swaddler.
would be great for smaller babies.
i was great when it did fit kept him warm and was easy to put on.
i think it just works best to use a regular blanket at first, though.
this takes the brains out of everything with easy to place velcro.
they are awesome!!!
thanks god to this swaddle blanket with the velcro closure, it holds the baby together!
that one is awesome too as she can use it on her stretch marks, use it as a luxurious body oil or as a smoothing hair treatment.
i find it very nice to give the baby a gift but also for the woman a bit pampering is particularly great during this time!
swaddling is a great way to get your baby to sleep longer.
i highly recommend the swaddleme.
the all-in-one design is superior to 2-piece swaddles because there is no way the swaddle can ride up and get around the baby's face.
but this is great for smaller babies.
the new ones have a "quieter" velcro that doesn't seem as strong.
also, it's so easy to use!
perfect!
i used these for both of my children.
even though my son now sleeps on his belly (at 6 months) we still use this when we're at church and he stays totally calm and sleeps much better in my arms than if he were wearing nothing.
i love that it totally helps chill him out.
but even though summer in california should be warm enough to not need fleece, the fleece really worked perfectly for a tiny baby that always seemed to be cold.
believe me, they want the warmth!
unlike swaddle clothes this stays snug longer and prevents escape better!
this swaddler is easy to use because you simply put your infant in feet first, fold the flaps over their arms and velcro it beneath them.
it is super simple and saves you many sleepless nights.
my son tends to like the microfiber material the best.
the small size works until they are up to about 12 pounds.
we just began using the large size since my son is now over 12 pounds.if you want your little bundle of joy to rest easy invest in one or two of these.
they are definitely worth every penny!
i think it has magic powers.
the velcro holds great and it even has a slot so you can still strap them in to bouncers or swings.i have washed the wrap several times and it is still as soft as i took it out of the packaging.
:)
we received this plus theloving baby swaddle blanket, "the perfect swaddle!
", mellow yellow mintas shower gifts.
we have not tried themiracle blanket - baby swaddling blanket - beigeyet -- some say that is the best of the field.
the hospital left our newborn daughter swaddled overnight (in a receiving blanket that worked very well when done right).
we are swaddling for afternoon nap not overnight and it works beautifully for keeping her calm.
this has been an absolute essential for my children.
it is perfect in every way!
still provided that same comforting feel, but with the arms out.
helped ease them out of swaddling (which isn't easy).
from that point on, we used halo sleepsacks (also awesome).we live in a cold climate, and the microfleece was nice.
(particularly the vacuum cleaner track) were like an off-switch for our newborn.
i'd give up disposable diapers and the swing before i'd part with these!
our daughter loves to be swaddled, when we get it right - however, the blankets that we have (even the ones that the hospital used to swaddle her) were not very helpful for easy swaddling.
we hope it will work better when she gets bigger.2.
fleece - decent winter solution, but terrible in the summer.
if only it came in a lighter material (we haven't found it).oh well...  it definitely seems to work for some, so don't use our review as your only basis.that being said, however, we now (as of yesterday) use a large waffle weave blanket from target (~$5) and it works wonderfully...  we can wrap it tight, and she does work herself loose after about 3 hours, but it is better than any of the previous solutions.
we also just ordered the amazing miracle blanket to try (another swaddling blanket), which came highly recommended.one other note about swaddling - whenever she has been properly swaddled (usually by an expert) she loves it...  we initially told some folks who have a lot of experience with children that she liked to have her arms loose.
the response we got is that most babies behave that way, and it really is the small minority of babies that don't really like swaddling.
i received two of these as a gift.
as a first time parent, i thought they looked great for "swaddling for dummies"!
the velcro attaches acress of the chest/arm area even though there is tons of space for growth at the feet.
it kept flipping up and covering her face while she slept.
i am a professional nanny of about 10 years and i have come to view swaddling as one of the best baby care tricks you can ever use.
you just have to find the right products to help keep the baby wrapped up tight.
it is pricey but very very worth it!
the miracle blanket will change the way your baby sleeps for the better so it is worth the money.
at such a reasonable price, it's worth getting two so you'll always have a clean one on hand.
my son was 7 lbs and 19 1/2" when he was born.
he will allow his legs to be tightly wrapped otherwise.
it allows more room for the kicky baby yet provides warmth and comfort for tiny babies.
they are fantastic.
i took this to the hospital when my daughter was born and it's wonderful when you can get it wrapped correctly, but i often had trouble figuring it out.
our son wakes himself up if he's not tightly swaddled, and these do the trick.
the heavy duty velcro helps keep him contained.
it keeps our little one so warm in the freezing weather, and if we are going to be outside, or if it is extremely windy, we add a blanket on top.
the best part is the little hole in the rear for the buckle!
it also helps keep her warm in our sling when we go on brisk morning walks, i would highly recommend it (especially since it washes well).
i like the halo brand best of the swaddlers i've tried.
i purchased this for my 8 week old son who is 10 pounds and growing longer everyday.
well...pros:  soft, warm, and cute.cons:  a little too big, (he can break free easily), i've found my son with it over his mouth and nose numerous times, not good!!
what a dream come true.
he likes to free his hands at night but the blanket keeps him covered and warm and it kind of hugs him.
our son refuses to wear these.
love, love, love these bibs!
still use it and it looks great.
it was completely round along the sides, without this weird s-shape, and it definitely caught more food.the newer models aren't as soft.
the funky closure mechanism always gets my baby's hair caught in it (ouch!
i bought these because i loved the idea that they would be easy to clean and would catch falling food.
unfortunately the stiff plastic was super uncomfortable for my son, and the bib always seemed to be bumping against the table and poking him at odd angles.
babybjorn soft bib 2 pack - green/yellow  can do the magic in a good way.
so creative and it is soft material.
it makes them so easy to wipe clean.
great bibs.
he does that every time and within seconds of putting it on.
i buy from amazon several times a month for years now and this is by far the highest rated yet poorest performing item i have.
there is a version like this but with velcro he does not pull off and the top part is fabric so your able to use in a high chair.
both kinds clean well in my dishwasher.
great!!!!
i ran a small daycare in my home for a few years and these bibs were one of my favorite items.
i love that they contain spilled food and drinks so well.
the kids can just grab their food right out of the pocket and it isn't wasted that way.
i've used them on my daughter since she was 6 months old and i've used them on a large 3 year old and they've fit both well.
after 3 years of use they still look and work great.
it's also nice that they can be washed with the dishes so that having 1 or 2 of them is plenty, as opposed to other bibs which spend a lot of their lives in the laundry pile.
one word of caution is to be careful with toddlers with longer hair that you don't catch it in the snap part.
this is such a great bib for your little one.
super easy to clean, durable, and i love the "crumb catcher" as it keeps the bits off of baby!
the snap is adjustable and easy to operate.
the width of the bib is perfect and the pocket is well shaped.
all bibs are not created equal & this one stands high above the others!!
we've had no issues putting these in dishwasher even tho the label doesn't say you can, and the sturdy pocket that doesn't compress does a way better job of grabbing food.
they not as portable as some, but are by far our favorite!
they're great because they contain the mess...the size is adjustable to your baby's neck size...and they wash super easily.
highly recommend based off of how they look and feel.
awesome bibs!
easy to put on and especially easy to clean.
not good for travel because it does not roll up but for home use i would highly recommend.
these are amazing.
i didn't have them with my first child, but they are sooo perfect for babies.
this bib has been great for my messy eater.
i mention the plastic as now that my lo is more mobile and more in charge of her eating it is helpful that it keeps it's shape.
it truly does catch everything and they she discovers she isn't done... well done.
my two nieces (3.5 and 2 years old) and my son (2 years old) love this.
well as much as they've loved any bib.
they love the colors and will argue to see which color they get.
my 3.5 year old niece doesn't even need it but loves the color so will always put this on for dinner.
it does a great job of keeping food off their shirts and pants so makes cleanup after a meal significantly easier.
but, it's the best bib we've ever bought.
easy to cleanup and ridiculously cute.
other people might '5 star' these, but our little one couldnt stand them.
i find they are easier to clean and catch more food.
however, my husband calls it a breast plate because it isn't very malleable, it is pretty stiff.
consequently, it is not easy to pack to take on the go.
my son is not the biggest fan because it doesn't bend.
after trying out tons of different brands of bibs, we found these and still use only these, a year later!
they are so easy to clean and catch everything!
my one year old loved to rip off his old bibs, plus they had some cloth in them so they took a while to dry, and they had those flip out pockets that sometimes flipped shut.
they are awesome!
we honestly should have bought these in the first place.
i just love these.
maybe a more gentle child would do well with these.
we love these.
&#8226;polyelast tpe/thermoplastic elastomer&#8226;easy to clean -- simply rinse off under running water.&#8226;food remains in the spill pocket, even if your child moves around a lot.&#8226;adjustable neckband to fit your growing child.
these work perfectly.
they are dishwasher safe and catch a lot of food!
some friends of ourse have silicon bibs that are very malleable, but these definitely keep their shape.first of all, the tray is brilliant!!
they are a little more expensive, but really easy to use, reduce cleanup, easy and adjustable to wear, firm yet pliable for comfort and protection and effective at keeping food available for the baby.they really perform as i had expected and hoped, therefore 4 stars.
i love these bibs.
we use these daily!
they wash well in the dishwasher but also wipe clean so easily!
my son always easy to pull off the bib, not sure if he is too small (6.5 months) to use it yet but ya..he keep pulling it off...will see later when he can feed himself
i wish i had these much earlier.
all the food that did not make to their mouth that got dropped into the little pocket can be scooped back to the plate and have a 2nd chance!
but nonetheless, it still deserves a 5-star!
i bought these bibs when my son was learning to feed himself.
it is great because it is a harder material that is shaped to catch almost all of the food dropped.
kind of expensive but totally amazing at catching food that dribbles out of your baby's mouth.
and our baby enjoys looking in the cup and eating leftovers!
the lip is the perfect width to catch food.
the collar is very adjustable, so i can fit it perfectly around my child's neck, and there isn't that gap between the bib and the shirt for food to get on the collar of the shirt.
i always have hated how when i put a bib on theres just a tad bit of shirt collar showing and it always got stained.
well not with the baby bjorn!
the bibs look as clean as the day i took them out of the package.
it's the only one that actually succeeds at keeping food off if your kid.
these bibs are a must for any child who begins eating solid food.
these bibs look great in the picture and description but they do not work well with a highchair or booster chair.
the are not soft and comfortable.
they're awesome.
works excellent with things like soup and cereal.
i used to use cloth bib during solid food time.
my son was easily vomit after solid food at the beginning.
i figured with all the great reviews these bibs would be awesome.
she pulled it up and started chewing on the neck part.
she is now 13m and we still don't use them.
the food pocket catcher is nice, but if it can't fit down between her and the tray it does no good.
i love this bib.
nearly six months into solid foods and i discovered these.
they catch all the food that used to cover my son's pants and the corners of the highchair.
this is one of the few products whose use actually made me so happy that i am taking precious nap time to extoll its virtues.
after this we bought the kinderville silicone bibs which are softer, and that was a perfect solution.
but they are very easy to clean and nice for spills.
they are adjustable, well built, and easy to clean.
would highly recommend!
if you are trying to hold a spoon and a little dish, you are missing one hand to help the bib stay in place!fortunately, those bibs are molded plastic and stay in shape and in place.they are also very easy to wash, simply with a sponge.the material is nice and quite soft.
afterwards, she relaxes and all is well.
i have been using the babybjorn bib for years and love the catch-all pocket.
it conforms to your child's neck which creates a superior seal.
the oxo rolls up nicely and stays in place with a tab.
the pocket also gives your child a chance to "recycle" food by grabbing food out of the pocket.
both the oxo and babybjorn can function effectively and can be washed in the dishwasher.
however, the oxo is the clear choice because it is superior in comfort, safety, and portability.
+ looks great for me+ easy to clean- very big for 7m old, sits on her laps- uncomfortable for baby, stiff- too big gap around neck or stiff plastic will touch baby's skin
these bibs are the best.
they wipe clean easily and are easy to put on my kids.
and they're perfect and totally worth the price!
but they're small and the curved sides fit their arms perfectly, even though one boy is much older and bigger than the other.
but with their efficient and effective design, they're really the perfect size.i've read some reviews that say they love them because they're kid can't get them off.
and since we're always there to tell them to stop it it's not a deal breaker.
these will last forever.
this bib does not work with our baby who sits on boon chair and does baby-led-weaning.
it restricts her movement.i had to return it.
the top pushes into my daughters neck if she leans forward.
he's 21 months now and we still use them every day.
if he drops something in there, he will pick it up and eat it.
i love love love these bibs.
these bibs are great.
catches food that escapes our little ones mouth and super easy to clean.
i am in love with the high chair.
i have tried to be careful, gentle and figure out what is going on- but haven't yet.
it might not be quite as easy to clean but it is still easy.
and, if you are using the bjorn high chair, or you aren't looking for a scoop pocket bib with a good food catcher- i love the bumkins super bib (dr. suess).
if you have a different high chair and need the scoop to catch food i might lean more towards the oxo bc of the reasons i mentioned.
cleans so easily and the pocket actually catches the food.
throw in the dishwasher of wash by hand, its easy to clean, and catches 90% of the food that falls down.
my son is 12 month old and he likes digging in there and get food that dropped in.
this bib is great for eating anything and specially when your baby wants to eat on his own without help.
perfect for eating soup.
they are soft and easy to work with.
if you prefer plastic, the softer ones are better.
i love the design of the bib,so cute.and its very convinient,also its very easy to clean.
this is a must have if you have a small baby.
these are great, our only regret is not buying them sooner.
the stiff portuding pocket designed to catch dropped food is a simple but amazing invention!
these bibs are awesome.
a pack of two is perfect because i can have one in the diswasher from the prior meal and have the spare one ready for the next meal.
these bibs are so nice.
if your baby is like mine, i.e.
i still put a small cloth bib just to protect that gap between the neck and this bib (my son likes this bib a little looser).
my baby keep wanting to pull them off
this bib is nice because it's 100% plastic and surface washable.
these bibs are the best!
they are durable, and easy to clean.
the bottom is rounded, so it makes it easy to catch food and spills.
it also comes in handy when toddler is eating finger food or snacks.
they caught a lot of food.. and when my son got sick, they caught the other stuff too.
they have spared a lot of extra food on the floor, on his pants, etc.
just toss them in the dishwasher, sooooo easy.
we donated our giant pile of cloth bibs and have stuck with this.
a fantastic gift!plus my now 2 year old is still very entertained by fishing the food out of the pocket and eating it.p.s.
this babybjorn bib is brilliant.
love these now that my one year old is eating lots of food.
it keeps her pants clean by catching most of the food.
a must, does such a better job than a conventional bib and also better than the soft not rigid bibs with catch pockets.
finally bit the bullet when our second was born.
with our 7 month old it's a little big when she's in the high chair but as she gets taller it will work well like it does for our 3 year old.
it's a little bulky on our 7-month-old (who is in the 90% for size), but it works and will last for a while.
we have several types of bibs, and those ikea bib-smocks, and find that pairing this up with the smock works well at keeping food off our lo's clothing.
bought these for my 2 year old granddaughter.
i am now a hero with my daughter-in-law.
these are fantastic.
we gave all the others away and just need two of these.
both my boy and girl wore them from 6m to 3years without complaints.
the bib catches most of his dropped food, including wet foods like spaghetti or applesauce, dry foods like cereal, and most recently cups of water as he's practicing drinking out of open cups instead of sippy cups!the bibs are easy to clean, even while traveling.
my son is now almost 2 years old, and the bibs are still as good as new!
one of the major pros for us is that the bib is easy for my husband and me to remove, but still quite a challenge for my son to remove.
i highly recommend this bib to anyone who has a baby/toddler who is learning how to self feed.
my son is now 15 months old and feeds himself fairly well, but still makes a huge mess.
this bib is perfect in so many ways!
2) it's totally wipeable and also dishwasher safe.
we use a highchair that clips onto our counter, and these bibs hit the side.
they are actually not that soft, but they catch food.
it also makes it impossible for himn to bend forward to reach food on his tray because this bib gets in the way.
the material is very soft and the color is nice.
cute to put on baby and it works very well at the same time.
i love these bibs, they work great and catch all of his food.
easy to put on a baby,  very easy to clean.
they are dishwasher safe which i love!
love these and always give as gifts.
it fits my 8 months old neck nicely and there is still room to grow.
these bibs are working well with our 7 month old son.
we do put a cloth bib underneath because our son is a serious drooler, so coloured drool tends to run down his chin and neck to the very top of the bib and under it.
we love these bibs and use nothing else!
we get comments at restaurants on how handy they are, and it makes for easy clean up everywhere.
love them.
easy to wash and have also put them on top rack in dishwasher.
the ground also can keep clean.
love this bib for my 9 month old!
fits him perfectly, stays in place (he likes to pull more flexible ones up to his face, making all the food spill out everywhere!)
and cleans so easily.
these bibs have a unique and easy clasp to close bibs with.
they are soft plastic and comfortable for babies and toddlers.
i know that i'm in the minority here, but these bibs were not the best for my son.
i'm sure these work for some, but not for us.
we borrowed this at a friend's house and thought they were great with the big catch tray, however, after ordering our own, we were a bit disappointed.
second, the back hard plastic latch pinches, she's absolutely not a fan.
also, the plastic is not soft as the description implies, these are pretty hard/rigid.
my son got this off in 8 seconds.
i wish bibs came with snaps.
really like these bibs because they keep their shape.
easy clean.
we purchased these for our 18 month old son as he's a very messy eater.
there are awesome!
they dont stay wet and are easy to use.
in order to pull the tray close enough, it pulls down on the bib and then pulls on the back of the neck and creates a gap under the neck... which just invites mess.
not a good fit but manageable.
it started becoming more handy once the baby started feeding himself.
i introduced solids to my baby at the end of 4 month, because he was very curious about food.
sometimes i used cloth/drooling bibs-the baby food stains them forever.
also my son like to play with this big bib, sometimes is messy.
so i can already tell they are durable.i love the size of them, small, but big enough to protect clothes.easy to clean and they also dishwasher safe.super easy to use adjustable snap, my son is 6 months now but the bib would fit him way earlier.i only have to make sure that i will snap at the right length so wondering baby won't pull his chin at the edge of the bib and will not stain clothes.overall great design, look and great buy if there are some not decided parents (especially with amazon's great return policy).
i'm happy we bought these bibs.
they're super easy to clean and quick to wipe dry for when you need one right away.
i think having a couple of those for liquid foods, plus a couple of these for more solid foods works great.
these bibs look wonderful when baby starts eating food.
it minimizes food on the highchair or the floor and my baby can pick up the food from the bib and eat it.
still very satisfied!
easy wash.  i even put in dishwasher.
it is a hard shell and catches everything my son drops as he painstakingly pulls the spoon to his mouth.
best part -- he uses his spoon to dig out the fallen food at the end of his meal for one last mouthful!
love them!
it's easy to wash.
keeps my baby very clean and he is comfortable wearing it!
they are so easy to clean and our daughter regularly eats what she spilled in the scoop.
we love that we can put them in the dishwasher.
a must for toddlers and a great baby gift for first time parents.
these are extremely practical and one of our favorite baby items.
i am a mother with 3 young children and i wanted to know which bibs worked the best.
they are very easy to use.
so, the pocket dried in the open position and worked better.
even with the bumkins superbibs, there are still always some oatmeal spills on his clothes.
i had great difficulty adjusting the neck hole because it kept hurting my son's neck.
the pocket of the bjorn bib is great and always stays open.
my son sits on a chair that clips onto the countertop.
the babybjorn bib is super easy to wash in the sink.
i was able to get the neck hole small enough to keep most of the oatmeal out without hurting my son's neck.
the pocket stays open pretty well.
however, since it is soft, the pocket would close up when my son leaned forward and the pocket hit the edge of the countertop/tray.
so, food did slide past the closed pocket and land on my son's lap.
it is very easy to wash in the sink and dry with a towel.in conclusion, i think the bibbity bibs and the bumkins superbibs worked equally well.
there were always a few drips of baby food on my son's clothes after meals regardless of which bib i used.
all my children liked to wear the bumkins superibibs.
i love to wear my son in your carrier:))update: at 14 months my son refused to wear the bibbity bib at all.
he also pulls off his bumkins superbibs, throws them on the floor, and laughs.
i bought a bumkins sleeved bib which is fabulous.
it provides excellent coverage and ties in the back so my son can't take it off.
these bibs are great.
they are easy to put on, take off, clean, and i love how the shape holds and catches food, unlike the other flimsy bibs.
i am so happy with the purchase.
these are absolutely the best bibs for when baby starts to eat solids.
they wipe clean easily and prevent food from getting everywhere.
a definite baby must have.
those are great bobs, no more washing stained bibs every day, you just rinse those well and they are clean.
love this and should have gotten them sooner.
this is not the fault of the bib however, just an incompatability issue.it's definitely not an issue with other high-chairs - we've used it in those short little wooden chairs you see in most restaurants, and in a normal full-size highchair and the bib works quite well.
if it helps save some clean-up of food than it's well worth it.
these bibs are wonderfully easy to clean, have a large trough at the bottom that catches most of the food my toddlers spill, and even is designed so that the tops of their shirts stay clean.
these bibs are durable wipe out easily, and truly catch almost all food that misses baby's mouth.i have purchased them for myself as well many as gifts, and everyone has loved them.
these are so cute and easy to clean.
food drops in there nicely.
very sturdy.
the bibs are great at catching food, drips and liquid.
easy to clean and durable.
love it, it's the only bib i use now.
best bibs ever worth every penny.
i highly recommend these of any parent.
while i find the behavior cute and endearing, he also does it throughout the feeding, getting lots of food all over his clothes.
these bibs are great because he cannot chew on them.
i am able to feed him without getting food all over his clothes.
very good, very soft.
they actually catch the food!
overall, however, they are very nice and quite functional.
finally, here's a bib that is sturdy, easy to clean and my toddler cannot remove it!!!!!
i wanted to love these bibs.
i loved these bibs!
easy to put on the baby, super easy to wash with a sponge and it holds the food that spills perfectly!
i highly recommend these!
at least these keep most food from getting to her clothes as it drops into the support.
loved them!
i bought these because they catch food and they're so easy to clean, but the scoop end of the bib catches under our high chair tray sometimes which can pull down on my toddler's neck in an uncomfortable position.
it works great if you don't have a tray.
the bib is easy to put on and adjust sizes and i love how the food stays in the scoop when it drops down (unlike the cloth bibs that have pockets to catch food but don't even open up to do so.).
my toddler also decided he didn't like wearing bibs from 18 months on so now i just deal with food soaked clothes after mealtime or put on an art apron that covers his arms and all (from ikea).if you'd like more recommendations for the best baby products to add to your registry or for the toddler years, visit the website allmomsareperfect.com.
there's also articles about the hospital experience, sleep training a toddler, and a stroller shopping guide.
i got these bibs a couple of weeks ago and they work great.
it catches everything and works for my 19month old just fine.
now we can walk around after we eat and she doesn't have food stains on her clothes!
it has a nicely adjustable strap and the rubbery plastic material wipes easily and we toss them in the dishwasher for a quick clean.
my son also has learned to check the pocket to eat some of the food that he drops and it has improved his ability to grab some of the smaller items with his fingers.
great concept from a good company, but your child will have to be able to tolerate a hard piece of plastic hanging from his/her neck while eating.
our daughter hated it at first, but has since gotten used to it.
when she isn't pulling at it, the catch pocket saves works great at restaurants.
highly recommend for all parents of messy babies.
so easy to use and excellent quality.
they are perfect for 4+ months and babies learning to eat
these are great!
i love that they catch most of the dropped food and are simple to clean.
these wash well, fit well, look cute, and catch almost everything.
i definitely find that my 11 month old drops items that are easily caught by these bibs.
the colors are adorable and the material is nice and easily cleaned.
these are easy to clean and help keep messes at a minimum due to the catch tray.
my son even picks out pieces that fall in the tray.
love these!
i now use these at home and pack oxo bib for going out.
if its almost touching her neck, she feels annoyed and if its loose, food will fall in between the space on her dress and we are annoyed.
i tried again many months later and one child accepted it right away, the other took a couple times and then also adopted them.
now, they have no issues and enjoy putting them on themselves when they climb into their chairs.
these bibs are nice and cute for baby.
these bibs will work great when the time comes for him to start eating solid foods.
i highly recommend these bibs because they will keep baby somewhat clean when he starts to feed himself.
the food naturally doesn't always make it to their mouth and rather than hit the floor or furniture, it lands in the bib, easy reach for the tyke to try again!
these are great, easy to wash or stick in the dishwasher.
i love love love these bibs!
we have 2 small children and use these with every meal.
i hate using any other bibs if i can help it, but sometimes if i don't have time to clean these inbetween meals, i'll use another pocket-style bib instead.the bjorn ones are fantastic because they are so easy to clean, you can throw them in the dishwasher, they catch everything and don't leak (not just food/crumbs, but also great for catching spills as you transition to a regular cup)!
the bibs are sturdy and can nest inside each other for storage.
absolutely worth the money!
also, it caught pieces of food that didn't make it into her mouth but were perfectly fine to give her again (before practicing with the cup, of course.)
these are the best bibs we've had by far.
and 2 is just the right number for one toddler.
we bought the bumpkins bibs bc we were not happy with these, and work much better for us.
they are but they are so worth it.
plus, the big pouch will catch everything your baby dearest will drop/launch instead of on his lap.
best investment ever!
bib catches all of baby's food, and is just the perfect size (i was worried it'd be too small or too large).
it's easy to clean as well.
they catch every last bit of food since they are contoured around baby's body.
the pocket stays open.
now he'll even reach inside and eat the food he's dropped.
catches all the food.
other than that it had a nice food trap that sticks out to ensure food is caught.
this bib is great for older babies and toddlers.
i've gotten sick of washing the cloth ones and they get stained easily.
these wash very easily.
this bib keeps his face and clothes clean because it's rigid and he can't squeeze it and shove it up to his face.
to clean the bib, you just wipe it and presto.
we used to use thebumkins waterproof superbib, unisex, 3-packwhich we bought from babies r us.
we washed them regularly, and hung them to air dry over the sink faucet, but they still developed mildew spots on them.so, we switched to the baby bjorn bibs and are very happy w/ them so far!
most pocket bibs don't stay propped open, so a good bit of food still ends up in your child's lap!
it took some time for him to get used to it.update: after more than 2 months, our baby now leaves the bib alone and it now works great!
there is some staining from certain food like squash, sweet potato, carrot etc though.
the bib is great at catching food and it is so easy to wash it after each meal!
our daughter is now 16 months old and on the 92nd percentile in terms of height - a little giant!
the bib fits her perfectly and the adjustable strap leaves us room to make it looser when she gets (even) bigger.
so we are very happy with this and definitely recommend it.
they clean up easily, they catch food, they stay on, and they don't smell.
one of the best things i ever bought!
these bibs are so easy to clean, so durable and so adorable!
all together i only had 2 of these bibs that i used all the time and one of the plastic shirt-like bibs that i'd occasionally pack in my diaper bag.they are super comfy, easily adjustable and so easy to clean!
so easy to clean and sturdy.
after each feeding, i just rinse it under warm water and hang it upside down from our bottle rack.
the neck tie is great because it is adjustable and not velcro, so my son is not able to pull the bib off.
these bibs work great as a catch-all and keep most of the food off of his clothes and off the floor.
they are easy to clean and are a big hit in our household.
i am not a fan of mustela newborn products.
they are over priced and the smell is so strong (think old lady) and lasts forever!
unlike the picture showed, my gift set came with a free bib, and it looks good on ds!
i used to use california baby's calming shower gel, and it dries ds's hair and made it so much static, it actually made his hair gets greaser easily and didn't help with his cradle cap.
after i used mustela foam shampoo for newborn, it made his hair soft and manageable again and smelled so nice, and cured his cradle cap in two days, i love it!
the lotion moisturizes well.
the foam shampoo is great for babies with cradle cap, not harsh at all.
the way it reacted with my baby's skin made it smell better.
i love the physiobebe - it is a nice quick way to clean my babys face and neck in the morning, before bed and any time she spits up.
i absolutely love this stuff.
it keeps our daughter perfectly clean while having absolutely no negative effects on her skin.
this is important, because our daughter has a lot of baby rolls with folds in her neck and arms and legs.
it smells a bit strong, but the smell is from the natural ingredients they use, it's not an added fragrance.
i'm so happy we found this cleanser.
this is the best baby/kid body wash!
i love the smell of this wash, it is so clean and crisp.
the mustela dermo cleansing 16.9 us fl.
oz bottle it is a nice and real good working body washer for baby
i use this for my baby and for my face.
both my baby and i have sensitive skin.
a few of my girlfriends recommended mustela as they use it on their kids who have sensitive skin.
i love it.
it doesn't irritate my baby if it gets in his eyes, doesn't leave a soapy residue, and since he was born with a full head of hair (punjabi genes are pretty strong!)
it also has a subtle scent that isn't too strong.
very nice cleansing lotion.
it has a very pleasant smell and cleanses the baby very well without irritating baby's delicate skin.
this is the best cleanser in the world!
i love to bathe my baby with just the smell of this cleanser.
i really hope i can bathe her 3 times a day because it is such a joy to use mustela.
makes your baby smell so good and clean and doesn't dry their skin at all.
a definitely must for every baby.
perfect for newborn to toddler!
it smells great and is a gentle enough cleanser to wash newborn skin, but cleans my toddler son's skin really well after a day at the park!
highly recommend.
our 9 month old has been using it since he was born and it gets him clean and soft and smells wonderful.
and, it lasts forever!
it makes small bubbles which he likes to play with as well.
it leaves the skin clean and with a good "perfume".
she is 2 months old now, her skin has always been perfect once past the baby acne on the cheeks of the first 2 weeks (which is normal in newborns and unrelated to soap).
love this cleaning shampoo.
worth very penny.
i love mustela products!!!!
but one day while bathing my daughter, i found a sample bottle that i had received in one of the mustela orders; when i smelled this stuff, i was in awe and love again.
i always want nothing but the best for my baby and mustela is the best!
we love this baby wash- we still use it on our 2 year old in fact.
it smells great and is very mild.
it's manageable and looks very clean.
she is a very happy camper and looks cute as a button.
we were using 7th generation foaming cleanser, but it would dry out our daughter's skin and her hair would be oily looking within a day.
with this, her skin is soft and doesn't dry out and her hair is soft for days.
a friend gave it to me after her son outgrew it and everything still works.
i started my son in the exersaucer at 4 months and was shocked at how quickly it helped him develop muscles and strength.
i think that the seat helped him develop his balance and strength, and ultimately led to this accomplishment.
other friends bought both a stationary entertainer and a jumper for their children, but this is both wrapped into one.the toys, sounds and music are great for stimulating young minds!
my son's eyes light up when he discovers something new on this great product!i highly recommend it!
we started using it at five months and she doesn't use it so much anymore because she has started crawling but i am sure she will use it again when she can stand on her own.
i read a lot of literature and decided that if it was not reccomended for children because of the chance of developmental delays i would not use one.
she bats at the toys and causes the lights or music to play, making her delighted each time.
my oldest daughter will stand on the outside of the excersaucer and play with the toys while the baby watches and smiles.
this has also helped my oldest 'play' with the baby a lot, showing her how to play and make things happen.
when your kid (in my case twins) outgrows toys every month or two, you really appreciate the staying power of a toy that can last 6 months!
we first used this when our son was 4 months or so.
but by six months he enjoyed playing in it and he was thrilled when he figured out how to make the apple pop up and back down.for us, it was useful for ages 6-11 months.
for 10-20 minutes at a time, our son was safe and occupied in this exersaucer.
we love this exersaucer.
at 4 months, our daughter started using this exersaucer and she has loved every minute of it.
the feature of the bouncy/jumperoo part is the best.
our daughter is active and is very interested in everything that is going on around her.
this keeps her happily occupied.
it travels very easily and is durable.
yes--it is more expensive but it is well worth it.
our daughter is not almost 8 months old and still loves her exersaucer!!
i suppose it's worth it.other than that, the saucer went together pretty easily.
the directions are easy to understand; the process is broken up into small steps with accurately labeled drawings.
i had exersaucers for all of my children and highly recommend them as a safe developmental toy.
there are a great deal of "doo-dads" on this platform to please any baby and i can't say enough about the way that these encourage early standing.
my three kids all walked well before ten months (a blessing or a curse i'm still pondering ha ha) and loved their exersaucers.
my son loves this.
he started using it at 4 months and now at 5 months he is just as amused by it.
she's 4 months old right now.
she has very strong legs and always wants to stand with support.
the benefits are worth far more than the cost.
), and she would be happy.
we are usually fans of graco or fisher price, but evenflo definitely has the upper hand when it comes to entertainers.
from about 5 months + our girls have loved this toy.
for this one at least it's more interactive for baby to help themselve to toys that can't roll away or fall away while they play and it works even for a baby who can't yet support themselves up.i read the only negative review.
it's cute and my kids have enjoyed it.
i solved this by rolling up a receiving blanket and putting it around her in the front of the seat to help keep her from flopping so much.the number of toys might be overwhelming for a young baby, but it's probably worth the money considering how many of them make sounds, have light displays, etc.
we love this exersaucer!
it has so many toys and different activities that it keeps him entertained.
i can actually see my son's progress from not being able to move around in it to now being able to swivel the chair around to pull and reach the higher toys (which he loves to do).
our 3 month old daughter loves her exersaucer.
my daughter loves to press the buttons on the learning pod and she always laughs and smiles.
i also felt that the exersaucer would be a bit easier for her to use at first since at its lowest setting it's lower than the jumperoo and therefore better for slightly smaller children.at first, the sheer number of toys was extremely overwhelming to my daughter.
by facing her towards the interactive book, she manages to trigger the lights and sounds just with her random batting at what's in front of her.
by facing her in the opposite direction, towards the hanging toys, she can easily spin the "kaleidoscope" wheel by herself, and with a little help she can pull the hanging toys to trigger lights and music.
as she continues to grow and develop more dexterity, she will be able to use each of the toys even more fully.one of my favorite features of this exersaucer, though, is the ability to swap in and out different toys in addition to those that originally came with the smartsteps.
three of the included toys (the cell phone, teddy bear and turtle) have interchangeable bases that work with a number of replacement toys.
snap the different-looking tab in first, and then snap the other two in - it makes the whole process go much more smoothly.overall, i highly recommend this exersaucer.
i bought the rainforest jumparoo and my parents bought the exersaucer for my son to use.
while the jumparoo is fun, the exersaucer wins hands down.
i am on my 3rd exersaucer from evenflo because it is the best one i have seen in 5 years.
the most important thing when putting it together is to make sure you don't overtighten the screws because that will cause the screws to come through the plastic later in use (i know this because i did it with the 1st one i owned).
but other than that, simple!
!the toys on the saucer are the best ones i have seen on similar items...the right colors and patterns that attract and keep babies attention...and there are a lot of them!
love amazon, love evenflo, love the saucer!!
:-)
my 4.5 month-old daughter loves her exersaucer!
she loves the toys that come standard and can't be removed, but she also likes the ones that can be changed.
this toy is wonderful.
this one she started playing with right away.
my 5 1/2 month son loves it.
it has tons of sounds, and music.6.
our son loves swatting at them, and each toy when pulled on makes a different sound or plays a different song.7.
has tons of learning everywhere.
great colors.10.
easy to clean seat and toys.
the learning pad can be removed to clean underneath and can be removed and attached other places like the tray of a stroller.11.
our son, his four month old cousin, and 12 month old cousin love it.
my daughter is 4 months old and we just started placing her in it.
she loves the lights and music.
she is still a little young, obviously, to fully use all of the toys, but she manages to activate the book easily.
they both love the pop up apple.
i love that it folds up compact to take anywhere.
i look forward to her growing into it more and being able to use more of the toys.
very cute toy.
we opened it and played with it as soon as it came in the mail.
even with the &#34;bad&#34; i would still recommend it because it really is the most unique shape sorter out there and the features are fun and different for the little ones.
appealing for a variety of ages, it's well made and colorful.
our daughter loves this.
fun and cute!
kids love elephants3.
the three year old likes to keep her hot wheel cars inside it.cons:1.
child will need adult help to remove packed in hot wheel cars.3.
you can store the shapes inside the elephant, but you need to make sure that his trunk is lifted up or they will slip right out.
best to click them all together and slip it through the trunk.summary: my kid plays with it every day.
we all have fun with it.
we bought this shape sorter for our 5 month old son for christmas last year.
it is adorable and has a good selection of shapes, but my son, who is now 15 months, prefers &#34;bucket style&#34; shape sorters, so he can do the fill and spill thing.
it is cute and well made, but our daughter just isn't interested
this is the cutest shape sorter i've ever seen.
my nephew loves it!
you spin the mirror and some shapes.
my daughter is 6 1/2 months old and pretty easily entertained.
i read all the glowing reviews, and thought this would be a hit.
the toy itself is bright, cheerful, and very very durable.
he liked just flipping the flaps and touching the textures.
it's like a portable exersaucer, with all it has to do and for how well it keeps the baby interested.
hugely recommended.
this toy is a hit!
the variety of activities is wonderful.
the colors and stimulation of sight, sound and touch are great.
i have one more baby on the way so hopefully he/she will play make use of it.that said, i can see how this could be fun for young ones.
be careful if handing to a baby who is laying on his back.
i love making my baby happy.
it's no huge deal.
it is very entertaining for her since there is so much to look at (other than the mirror that is).
it's durable and educational.
i love that it doesn't matter what end you set it on.
if you want a good, basic, entertaining, educational (and i might even venture old-fashioned in some ways) toy, you should definitely get this one.
she seems to like all the sides, as she flips it around and plays with each one.
it's portable and quiet enough.
my son loves these toys.
very easy for him to grab, hold on to and get in his mouth.
a great first set of toys.
first, in this set there are two teethers (fish and butterfly) and three rattles (phone, rings, and clown face).
the "clown face" got a mirror at back.
she loved these!!
very colorful, encouraged her to grab for them.
during teething these are really great--you can put all of these in the top rack of the dishwasher for easy cleaning (even the fish).
great value for the money.
the plastic separated at the seam and was not readily noticeable.
i order this because my lo eat her hand often.
rattles for noise, fish with soft head and fins to chew and feel texture, ring that shakes and makes noise and also provides a different texture to feel, a butterfly that is half a teething ring you can put in the fridge to make it cool for the baby when teething.
i loved all the items that came with this set.
this is a wonderful set!
my daughter is almost 3 months and is finally starting to like to play with the toys.
these are cute, but we are not impressed with the quality.
this is a perfect assortment for a baby who is just learning to grab onto toys and move them around.
the set provides plenty of variety of sounds, textures, and colors.
the pieces are all fairly small so they are easy for small, uncoordinated hands to grasp.
my 4-5 month old daughter loves this set, particularly the large ring with smaller rings on it.
every piece ends up in her mouth, so it's great that these are easy to clean as well.
my bb loves these!
this is a nice assortment of toys for baby, but some are better than others.
my son absolutely loves the circle rattle -- it is one of his favorites.
we take it with us everywhere.
it has both rubbery and fabric textures, is easy for him to hold, and has a rattle.
my daughter loves the clown mirror.
it is small enough to travel with and both sides offer a change for her.
the round rattle is great too- we attach it to her tummy time matt and bouncer and she plays with it frequently.
it's a nice variety and great for teethers.
my daughter likes to gnaw on it when her tooth is bothering her.these toys are also great for babies that are just learning to grasp.
these toys are all nicely sized for little ones to hold on to.
they offer a visual and shape variety to keep baby busy.i think it's a great set for the price.
my son has had these for 4 months now and has never paid any attention to any of these.
the textures on this toy are very intriguing for the little curious mouth, allowing him to explore different sensations.
these are great teethers, brightly colored and engaging.
our daughter has as much fun chewing on these as she does playing with them.
good value for the price!
this set is wonderful.
lots of different colors and textures.
very well made and colorful.
these were all hits with my daughter between the ages of 3-8 months.
her favorite was "mr. face" which has a mirror on the back.
the little soccer balls on him are good for teething and the balls inside were entertaining for her when she shook it.
all are bright vivid colors.
one has a smiling fun face that makes my grandson beam in response to this friendly fellow.
the fish is a nice size for him to grasp and hold on to.
i love sassy products!
they are amazing value and always do their job perfectly.
this is a really great slection, colourful, imaginative and fun.
he especially likes the fish and holds him on every journey we make.
lots of great colors, sounds and textures.
they are a lot of fun for a little one and can grown with him.
the colors, textures and sounds are great for helping babies develop those cognitive skills.
they are also very easy to clean.
these toys are wonderful.
they fit little, chubby hands and keep my son's interest.
he loves the bright colors and he especially loves to teeth on the fish.
he loves both sides of it and will talk it.
these are also great to throw in the diaper bag, because they are small.
this set of toys was an excellent gift for my son from his grandparents.
he usually only uses one hand with the phone, but always uses both hands on this one.
it is definitely his favorite of the bunch.
i think the different textures and bright colors are what make it so enticing, as well as the many different pieces to hold onto.fish rattle: when babies are very young and haven't mastered using their hands yet, they often hit themselves in the face with toys.
i'm sure there are babies out there who enjoy this one, with all its colors and the mirror on back, but my son isn't one of them.i haven't given my son the butterfly teether since he hasn't started teething and only likes toys that make noise.
there is a good variety in the set, and i think the colors, textures, and features of each toy are great.
item arrived in good condition and quite fast.
the walker although is not as colorful as it seems from the picture but is good enuff to keep my son engaged.
it is safe and at the same time glides both on carpet and vinyl floor.
my 7 month old boy loves to be in his walker!
my son zoomed all around the house in this.
great walker!
it works great on tile and hardwood floors but i'm not sure how it works on carpet.
this walker is great and my son loves it.. he can maneuver around in it very easily.. and the tray is great for letting him snack on cheereos.
other than that, it's a great walker!
has plenty of things to entertain her.
i put her in it when i am in the shower and it is great....it is also nice that it can go up three different levels.
we have a fisher price jumperoo, a kolcraft walker, and the baby einstein entertainer.
the walker is still interesting, but my 6-mo old son figured out all its tricks pretty quickly.
but i'm especially glad for the entertainer's longevity.
my son played with two toys for a very long time, then moved on to two other toys, then realized his ability to spin in place, then realized that some toys reached his mouth to chew on.
this is one great toy.
i am a first time mom and loved the baby einstein line.
evenflo has removable and replacable toys.
he has the smartsteps exersaucer at grandma's and he loves it.
it's a bit more but so worth it.
i believe the box says 6 months, but our daughter is tall and very active.
my daughter loves mirrors.
it also adjusts to her height.
my daughter loved this from the very first time she was in it.
now she wants to be in it all the time.i highly recommend and it is definitely worth the money.
he now loves swiveling around to all of the different stations.
our 7-month-old absolutely loves this activity center!
she squeals with happiness when she's in her activity center.
she twirls around in her seat and she rocks back and forth.
she's had all of the toys in her mouth many, many times, and everything is still in excellent shape.
the toys that come with it are entertaining and most importantly, safe for baby.
especially for smaller and thinner babies still learning standing coordination, that tend to fall back or forward into the harness unit.
perhaps 'baby einstein' can include some kind of foam insert that props thinner babies up better.
for the past 4 months, it has been in daily use in our household.
he absolutely loved it, and i loved having a safe place to put him to be occupied for a few minutes.
it was relatively easy to put together, although a found getting the chair/sling in correctly a bit confusing and it can be challenging to remove and clean.
we have washed it several times, and it still looks great.
he is now 10 months old and still uses it sometimes, although not nearly as much as when we first purchased it.____i wrote the above review for son no.
son no.
it has held up remarkably well through 2 kids.
the seat is only slightly faded, and all of the other toys are still working great.
he is small for his age and still fits, but won't tolerate the confinement very long.
my daughter loves this.
not for long though now she rotates, jumps, pounces pulls and chews on the toys.
my suggestion is to take your infant with you to the store before you purchase any of these bouncers/saucers/entertainers.
choose a store that has various models on display.
my daughter has the best time with this thing.
when she gets antsy i just rotate her to a different area of toys and she is good to go.
we have both smartsteps exersaucer and baby einstein walkers.
one is at my mil's place, other is at home.in my opinion, smartsteps exersaucer is the ultimate walker, while baby einstein, 20 dollars cheaper, does its job fine, too.while assembling, my husband noticed that smartsteps exersaucer had a few designs are better than baby einstein.for example, smartsteps exersaucer has extra springs in its legs.
my son likes to jump, the smartsteps exersaucer would bounce with him.
though smartsteps exersaucer has a lot more toys, i am not sure if it makes him happier.
and if i found them over stimulating as an adult i was concerned about my son's reaction.
i also like that there is only one feature that requires batteries, and all the other toys force the baby to use their hands (and mind) for exploration.
we let him play with it in the store and he fell in love with the colors, the music and all of the activities for him.
easy to clean, full of activities, engaging for baby -- this activity center has it all.
thank goodness we have this!
our son loves it and will play in it even when he's falling asleep on his feet!
he loves all the toys and works his way around the entire thing at will.
we especially love the hand puppet to play with him while he's in it.
it gives her alot of stimulation with all the different colors, toys and sounds.
at first i was against activity centers, as most people use as a babysitter.
a friend had bought the exersaucer (new model) for her son and my daughter fell in love with it (even at 4 months).
yes it is more money, but it is also more fun and you can buy different toys to stitch in and out.
invest in fun---being a kid is not all learning spanish and english but also learning what fun is as well as cause and effect!!
we bought this for our son's first christmas.
we have loved all of the different feature as our daughter has grown.
at nine months, she seems to have exhausted all of the activities provided, but it is a great place to put her when i jump into the shower because i know she is happy and safe!
this is well worth the money!
it keeps my daughter entertained forever.
she likes the bright colors and the fabrics on the toys.
she also loves the music feature.
this is in the top 3 must have items for a baby.
while moving the puppet.
it will be interesting to see if she uses "vaca", "perro", "pato" and "leon" instead of their english counterparts when she begins to talk.
still a good toy, though!
i love this entertainer.
i like the sounds because it uses english, spanish and plays clips of his favorite music from the einstein collection.i did have a minor flaw with the pegs that keep the saucer stationary.
i received a replacement which took care of the problem.we both love this saucer and highly recommend it to all the little einsteins out there!
my son seems to like it, and for myself- well, not so much.the book with the dog picture and mirror never stays on.
my son will often chew it or throw it across the room.
since all stationary walkers are a bit pricey, my husband and i decided to take our baby to the store and test out each one by seeing her reaction to the toys.
she immediately loved this one.
here are the best features:*there's a hand puppet which allows me to interact with her while she's playing in there.
*it has a mirror, which most 5-8 month old babies seem to love.
it's well worth the money.
my 6 month old was always a fan of baby einstein videos.
he fell in love with it since the first day.
it has many things to do on it.. and it also teaches both english and spanish words.
still in all, i recommend this item to any mom.. also a great shower gift idea.
there are so many toys that make fun noises, and do so many different things to keep baby interested, and happy!
the music is great too!
my eight-month-old son likes this one better than any of his friends'!
this entertainer from baby einstein by far is the best!!!!
!my son is 6 1/2 months old.....and goes nuts in this!!
our daughter loves this!!
there are so many bells & whistles - great stimulation for a growing mind!
my daughter started loving this at 3.5 months.
we believe this has saved her from falling countless times.
the rail is sturdy and my baby is safe.
the metal bar that goes across through the middle pushes against the mattress and creates a gap.
we practice the "family bed" and started to use these when our son out-grew his co-sleeper.
it works well for what we need it to do.
we also take it on trips because it is easy to it to disassemble and reassemble.
it claims to fit all mattresses, but it isn't tall enough for our pillow top mattress.
very sturdy and safe.
i felt very comfortable allowing her to sleep on her own in a twin size bed.
she liked it as well.
it is well worth the money!
this gate is easy to put together and does a great job keeping a co-sleeping toddler safe!
our first bedrail (this one!)
is 6 years old and still going strong.
i'm not in love with the appearance since it reminds me a little of a hospital bed.
but overall it's worth it since it's a temporary thing that is keeping my daughter safe.
sturdy, simple, folds down.
tall enough for a deep mattresses but not for pillowtops [tried it on different beds].
it was not easy finding a bed rail that i thought was safe enough or easy enough to use for that size mattress.
my son just moved into a "big boy bed" and i did a ton of research into which rail would be best for us.
not true.
&lt;lol>pros:--it's sturdy and nice-looking.
i can't see how it's as stable without it.--you can lower it down to make changing sheets etc super easy.
i love this.
it's also mercifully quiet when you raise it back up and snap it into place.
this is my favorite part really - that it is safe and stable and keeps him from falling out.cons:--you need a decent amount of room from floor to top of boxspring (i think another reviewer said 18 inches?)
i also agree with the other reviewers in that you really should use that middle bar.
works as it should - goes on relatively easily - looks nice - most of all seems super safe.
the sleeper bed rail is a great length for the queen size bed we have our daughter in.
it stayed securely in place.
i'm a bit of a safety nut.
flimsy construction and music and vibration do not work, moreover, all fabrics is 100 polyester, smells like factory and it is not possible to remove for washing...
we received this for our son & used it every day for 3 months until we transitioned him to his crib.
we didnt find the changing table all that useful but all of the other bells & whistles we used.
the height adjustment was great as our bed is very high & we wanted our son level with us in bed.
the light was nice at night when he woke up and the heartbeat was a great way to soothe him when we first arrived home from the hospital.
will definitely use again for my next child.
the new one works like a charm.
it's great being able to easily move him from our room (where we keep the stand) to the living room.
we never tried the changing table since we decided to use a cabinet with changing pad on top.
good crib for a living room or for temp portable sleeping solution.
rocks nicely and is very stable.
changing table is useless, sounds are rough.
otherwise cute and useful.
we ordered two since we had twins and they worked great.
we were able to fit two into our bedroom and it was nice to have them in the same room as us.
there is a comfortable pad for her, a night light for checkups in the middle of the night, and a vibrator feature.
the sleep system looks pretty and matches any decor.
i love that it is light and moves easily around the house.
i also like the mesh material that allows airflow and helping prevent sids.
it is also at a nice, comfortable height and doesn't take up a lot of space.
i very much like the large storage area underneath.unfortunately, there are many aspects that are unnecessary.
also, lowering the height makes the storage area and its ties look slouchy.
the idea of this bassinet is great: just unhook the basket from the base and take your baby with you.
add the features of soothing sounds, nightlight, play seat, and changing table and it all just sounds too good to be true.
the sounds still work, but the vibrator stopped working after just a few weeks of use.- the straps to attach the basket to the top can get confused with the straps for the changing table.
i love this item.
we keep it next to our bed because my daughter will not sleep in her crib.
the changing table is great, along with the storage at the bottom.
it is very pretty and convenient to be able to carry baby around.
the actual sleeping part of the system can be moved from room to room and comfortably fits my 10 pound, 22 inch newborn.
the changing table is vinyl and cleans up nicely.
i love it.
it is very versatile and can be used for a girl or a boy.
we liked the nightlight rdature, which offered a handy way to keep baby's sleeping area gently lit.
it was easy to assemble and everything made sense once i read it a few times.
the storage part is huge.
the changing area is huge as well.
the bassinet just clicks onto the changing area/base with two clips.
the handle has easy to use buttons for the variety of functions.
the wheels work well to roll even on carpet.
for my bed height it is on the lowest position and is perfect height.
i'll hope for the best :)
i love this bassinet.
it has great music and vibration settings, a night light, and it is super cute.
however, my daughter is not a big fan.
i would still recommend though because it is a great bassinet and should get a great review even though it is not my daughter's favorite.
be careful b/c you will trip on the legs!
the first vague step told you to open push some tabs to open the carrier portion, which i finally found, and sure enough, the instructions had been locked inside the folded carrier, which i never would've figured out how to open without instructions.
not a huge deal for me, but still -- not as advertised.4.
the light is just handy.
the vibration helps baby fall deeply asleep, as does the heartbeat sound.
i have been using this bassinet for the past month and i am very happy with it.
the lowest height setting is perfect for bedtime, the bassinet is level with my bed.
the tallest height setting is good during the day for changing diapers and what not.
i can move it from room to room, the wheels clear the door frames, but honestly it is easier just to carry the top bassinet part around the house.
i love the light that is on the handle.
you have to move the ruffles every time you want to attach and detach the bassinet from the unit.
i bought this bassinet so that my son could sleep in my room for the first couple of months of his life, before he moves into his room and his crib.
we shopped around and read reviews of a bunch of different bassinets, and we decided on this one.
i was excited about its portability and the built-in changing table, and while i read that the bassinet portion did not attach to the rest of it, i also read that the changing-table straps could be used to secure it, and so i wasn't concerned.
this makes the carrying portion of the bassinet and the changing table both extremely inconvenient to use, as i have to unfasten and unwind the straps each time i want to move it.
it's just not worth the effort, and so i don't use either feature.
it would not be terribly difficult to create a way of securing the bassinet to the base that would be safe and easily detached for use.
he doesn't really look at the hanging decorations, but i like that i can put the hood of the bassinet up or down, which helps keep the light from his eyes.
my son also doesn't appear to like the vibration or the sounds, but they work well.additional sheets can be purchased from the learning curve for a very reasonable $5 per sheet plus $2 shipping per order.
i've never used the changing table, which lies underneath the bassinet because it's just as easy to change the baby on the bed, especially in the middle of the night.
?that said, i love the vibration and sound functions on the handle of the bassinet.
my baby likes the vibration and there are many sounds to choose from that helps to lull the baby to sleep.
we actually borrowed this bassinet from a friend whose daughter only used it a couple of times.
we live in 2 bed/2 bath condo, and don't really have a lot of floor space, also considering all of the other big baby items that come with a newborn.
we planned on keeping this right beside my husband and mine's bed, which we did for the first 2 weeks, but because of the floorplan of our condo, it basically blocked 75% of the doorway into our bedroom, so we stopped using it.
we are retiring this completely and giving it back to our friend in the next couple of weeks.
it is very cute, neutral which is great for parents who want to use it for multiple kids, has the storage at the bottom, and i thought the mattress seemed just fine for our little guy.
our son loved the vibrate feature.
myself, my husband, and both of my parents have stumped our toes multiple times on the huge plastic wheels and legs that stick out on this thing.
we haven't used any of the other features this thing provides.
for child number two in a few years, i plan on getting one of those bassinets that goes in the bed between the parents.
)while this is not the most beautiful bassinet in the world, it will be completely functional for the arrival of my little one.
also the bottom basket for storage is handy as well.
i assembled it all by myself at 7.5 months pregnant, and i found it very easy.
and find it very pretty.
out bedroom is all in cream/vanilla/champagne colors and i love how it looks great with our own bed!
the toys hanging from the hood are adorable, the pad inside is removable for easy sheet changing, and it is waterproof, easy to wile clean!i love, love, all the functions it has, the light is so very useful for night time feedings!
i propped it up by putting a blanket between the base of the bassinet and the changing pad.
this bassinet has been a life saver for us!
my son who is now 5 weeks old sleeps so wonderfully in this bassinet.
i love the mobility that this bassinet has to offer.
it is very easy to remove from the stand to access the changing table.
i placed the legs on the highest setting and it is a perfect height for changing diapers while sitting on the edge of my king sized bed.
oh yeah, should probably mention that i'm a mother of three so this isn't &#34;my first rodeo.&#34;carters easy fit jersey bassinet sheets fit perfectly on this bassinet as spare sheets.
my favorite part is the vibrating option; i don't know what it is but babies love vibration.
i had a cradle with my first son and didn't even come close to this.
we loved the night light, vibration, and water sounds as the latter two soothed our son and the night light helped whenever we heard choking or needed to check on him.
however, for those not in need of co-sleeping, this bassinet does work great and i would recommend it.
the night light is wonderful, although my bulb blew out after just 4 weeks of use (easy to replace, but very inconvenient).
the pad is not very supportive, so i purchased a bassinet pad/mattress for some real support.
the fabric is not removable for washing (or ironing), but can easily be cleaned with some shout wipes if needed.i still think this bassinet is fantastic, and loaded with features.
great value for the price, and my son loves sleeping in it.
you can see the dent in our baby's head makes daily.
we have it on the lowest position, which is still a bit higher than our bed.
that's just personal preference though.
i really really love the rocking feature.
with my first son, we used a pack and play.
i think (and my experience of two kids has shown) that they sleep better in a slightly more confined space.
so, i love the rocking.
my husband says to give it 2.
you can see it in the picture.
it's an unexpected way that those legs stick out.
i only use it during the day now, but it was still worth buying.
she loves to nap in it & the vibration & the song fur elise helps soothe her.
one of the most important pieces of material on it (the material on the changing table) isn't removable...so i use the huggies changing pads on it...they are big enough to cover most of the surface area.
i dont like her touching the public seats.. this is perfect.
my daughter loves dora so these are great.
(smile)
this is my second different purchase of potty covers.
next time i need to order i will go with the summer infant again.
these arrived in 4 packs of 10, which makes them more compact and easier to carry.
of course my daughter and god daughters love these because they're dora!
awesome purchase.
there are other seat covers out there, but this one is superior.
great for travel.
i even use them myself when we are in a restroom that doesn't supply the paper ones.
i have these neat seat potty toppers, the summer infant keep me clean and the potty cover, disposable seat cover.
of all three, this is my 2nd favorite.
nevertheless, i will alternate between these and the potty cover brand.
he loves it!the waist belt allows you to not have the weight of your baby on your shoulders or middle - just like a true hiker's back pack.
it easily mashes into suitcases as well for vacationing.the price is wonderful as well!
i also bought a handmade sling and she absolutely loves being in that to nap.
we adopted our son at 5 months in guatemala - this was an absolute life (and arm!)
our son was big enough to be outward-facing on the front and he loved it.
he loves being carried, held and walked around, and this saved our arms from falling off.
i loved this thing and can't imagine what we would have done without it.update: my son is now 10-months and i still use this regularly.
once i adjusted it properly, my daughter loved it.
a great idea to make it a front and back carrier, but the baby bjorn is still easier to put on and take off, which we also have.
in addition, this carrier wasn't comfortable on my short and petite frame.
above all, i preferred the maya wrap for even greater versatility and ease to pack for travelling.
this one works great.
easy on and off.
comfortable.
this is a great carrier!
i read a lot of the other reviews and read how other buyers complained about the straps but really, there aren't that many and it's super easy to adjust.
the other great part is that it's a one size fits all so you and your partner can use it without having to buy two that are different sizes or worry that you bought the wrong size.
the front comes up to the middle of her face.
we didn't even look at the directions and we figured it out!
when this does happen, the straps dig into my shoulder.
also, it took quite some time before my son was able to face forward.
this carrier has been in use in our household daily for 8 weeks.
it works great and is much less complicated.
if you want a less complex way to carry your baby, go to [...] and check them out.
my son was not comfortable in the carrier either.
i exchanged it for the model below and love it!
it's super easy to use and my son loves it!
our daughter seemed to be carried with her head by my ear when i tried it as a front pack.
we much rather use our fabulous quattro tour system than this!!!
for the price though, this carrier is great!update:this carrier is awesome!!!!
there is also an adjustment for this!!!
5 stars!!!!!!!!
it was too big on my small frame and my son's head wasnt well supported.
i am not that small, 5'6" and 120lbs...
my husband likes to go for walks in the mall with our 3 month old and loves to use this carrier!
baby has ridden very comfortably in it since we came home from the hospital- he's now 4 months and 17 pounds and it works better than ever.
my son always slept soundly when riding in the facing in position.
our newborn daughter loves to be carried and within minutes of placing her in this carrier (and walking around) she falls right to sleep.
granted there are quite a few straps to deal with, but once a few are adjusted for fit, you won't even need to deal with them after the first time.as seen in the pictures there are 4 buckles in the back.
2 that are below each arm and one in the back just below the shoulder blades.
once all the straps are on, you will need to remove the front part to put baby in.
there are 2 buckles and 2 slide/lock clasps to deal with.
the weight of the baby pulls the lip away from you which locks the clasps in place.
i hope this helps!
this one fits perfect and my son loves it.
well worth the $20!!
not to mention, the clasps that open and close so you can  put the child in are not easy to use.
this isn't my favorite carrier, but it's the only one my husband uses for our baby.
it's very user-friendly and fits daddy well, even though he is a body builder with a wide chest and back.
i think it's a great gift for dads-to-be!
my son really likes being held in the snuggli and it does fit well on both me and my husband.
if you own this, check the strength of the left latch to the right.please just spend the extra dollar to get a carrier that has an actual locking mechanism.
this thing kind of just slide latches into place and offers no real security.
just check the strength, please?
i love them both.
i have this carrier set up for me to use and the bjorn is set up for my hubby (it's more comfortable for him and the evenflo)...it's nice for both of us to have one then we don't have to readjust the straps depending on who is carrying our son.
this is a great item for the price.
i love the convience of two handed chores with my baby right next to me.
she ride both faceing in and out.
it supports her great.
great back support, and baby loves to bounce around seeing all the action while being close to mommy.
but it's great!!!
my husband love it.
he only takes out to walk to our daughter with this carrier.absolutely recommend it.
this is the best of both worlds - inexpensive and indispensable.
we tried others, but this one was perfect.
this is a great carrier, fantastic value for the price.
this carrier is very easy to use.
it's not a must have, but nice to get as a gift.
i love this carrier!
i exchanged it for this one and have loved my decision.
my son has used it since he was 2 weeks old and it is very easy to use and seems comfy for him.
great value for the great price!!
with our son, we tried the baby bjorn and it threw out my back -- provided terrible support for a big baby.
it is easy to use and clean.
the downside is: when my daughter is front-facing, the flap that must be folded down usually unfolds and covers her face.
perfect on the hip when feeding!
he also gets a  better view when faced in of the outside world from my hip.
i want even aware that you could, but i loved being able to see my angel and hug him all the time.
both my husband who is a foot taller then i and myself both enjoyed using this and it worked great.
my son loved being in it as well.
our son loves riding faced in and out.
they are so many great features that i don't even know where to start!1: cell phone holder on the outside strap2: binkie holder on the outside strap3: 2 bottle holders, 1 thermal that will actually hold a couple of bottles depending on which ones you use4: diapering station.
all of your diapering products go in a separate zip up compartment right in the front and their is a pad that pulls out and you can put diapers, wipes and products in its pouches5: removable inside liner6: stroller/cart straps so you can snap the bag on the handle7: lots of pockets: one on the back, one on the front that zips and even has an attached key chain, one mesh one inside front flap and one small zip up mesh one inside8: material: microfiber outside is easy to clean and the diapering material is made out of something that prevents the spread of germs
as a new mom - i stood in front of the diaper bags at babies r us forever trying to figure out which one i thought would be the best.
it also has tons of compartments, and a special zippered part with holders for diapers and wipes.
it also comes with a travel diaper changing pad - which is a godsend in public places!
it has 2 thermal bottle compartments, and one completely zips closed - which is great for keeping bottles warm over time.
another great feature is that the inside lining comes out for easy washing.
i have plenty of room for my daughter's toys, extra stuff and an extra change of clothes.
the outside part has two large pockets.
i can easily fit 5 size 4 diapers in one of the pockets.
in that same part, i fit a bottle of powder, lotion, orajel, a&d; ointment, q-tips and some shout wipes.
the thermal section is huge.
i love it.
in the main section, i carry and extra outfit; a little pouch that has a thermomether, fingernail clipper, emery boards, medicine dropper, brush, comb, etc in it; an extra pacifier; a powedered formula dispenser; baby food; spoons; bibs; a burp cloth; and a couple of toys!
i must also note, that the changing pad that sells on here for $10 (which has great reviews) is included with this bag!!
whoohoo!with all of the above mentioned, my best part of this bag is the little "secret" pocket where i can store all of my stuff!
its great!
***the bag mentioned above (messenger bag) is a different bag.
****
i am a mother of a 5 month old and pregnant again!
this bag is the best bag ever!!!
the color is fantastic and the fabric is sturdy and well put together5.
the carry strap saves your back and is very easy to carry.6.
this is the best thing besides the bouncer that my daughter loves.
(she's almost 3months old but loved it since day 1.
this one is by far her favorite.
the blue bird sings and swings back and forth when anything touches the bird or moves any part of the mat or frame.
she is now 6 1/2 months old and she still loves it above all others.
also, she is super strong and yanks on the bird constantly.
she even pulls herself to a fully upright position holding onto his wing while it is moving.
we recieved this playmat at our shower along with the baby einstein playmat.
my son loves the baby einstein mat but is pretty bored by this one.
katie loves this gym.
2nd the music skips and stops.
my 3 month old son loves his playmat!
he has loved it since i bought it at 5 weeks.
other than that, i love it!
my daughter loved her flutterbye mat, 0-5 months.
it reminds me of the enchanted tiki hut at disney and she has her own private show!
we liked it so much that we bought her the mobile as well and she still simply loves to watch it day and night.
we love this gym.
i like that the music has a volume control and even on it's loudest setting it is fairly quiet and soothing.
we added the musical chimes made by tiny love and she kicks away!!!
we love the flutterbye line!!!!!!!
she has loved her fish but these birds are her new favorite.the movement of the birds is realistic, it reminds me of the animatronics of the disneyland charachters on their rides.
there is a tree with three birds that "fly" while they chirp and sing.
those of us who remember the older version of the ocean wonders aquarium that was known as "peaceful planet" it had a light display for the ceiling.
and i love the ceiling display.
my son loves this toy.
our youngest daughter, essie, is 17 months old and is still postively mesmerized by the lights and pictures swirling on the ceiling.
it keeps her occuppied for a nice long stretch every morning which gives the whole family a bit more rest.
it does take 4 d batteries and we go through them but i think it is worth it.
the music is soothing, the birds are sweet, it has different settings for sound levels and essie can work all of these features so it is truly baby friendly.
mom or dad can select one of four different classical music tunes to accompany the birdies or some sort of white noise.
we're still on the original ones, and we've have it for two months.
highly recommend this!
i really hate that because this is really the cutest and most unique soother on the market in my opinion.
the overall best is the cd put out by johnson and johnson that is only available in their gift basket.
it is an amazingly effective cd of lullabies.
i have both the aquarium and flutterbye dreams in my son's crib.
(i think he prefers the music on the aquarium but loves the light show of the birdies.
my son loves his flutterbye.
the music is so calming, and it has sounds like waves and windchimes.
the projection picture is bright and cheerful.
my son loves to watch it at night.
well worth the money.
i've owned this for about a year now and here's what i like:  love the projection on the ceiling, music volume levels, music choices.
my son continues to love it and use it to calm down to fall asleep.
also, we ended up buying a battery charger because it does use the batteries pretty quick.
but i love it and would buy it again in a heartbeat.
i loved how the birdies were projected onto the ceiling and i loved how sweet the music sounded.
the only thing that works is the music and lights.
love, love, love.
my oldest son used this on his bed until he was 4 years old.
yes, it is that good.
the sounds are pleasant, and i love both the moving birds and the way the display lights up at just the right level (not too dim, but not too bright), but i really, really love the ceiling light display...that was my oldest son's favorite part as well.
it's easy to put on and take off the crib, but still secure enough that your child can't do it.
it really is worth the $.
this is the best crib light on the market.
i love that it has different modes to choose from: music, lights and projecter.
my 3 month old loves to look at the ceiling and watch the birds!!!
it also has music as well as nature sounds to choose from.
we recieved this as a gift for my one year old son after the original aquarium broke.
even though my 1 year old likes it, my 4 year old loves it even more.
the projection is very clear and the music is nice.
my 1 year old turns this on himself to hear the music and watch the birds move around.
and after my son outgrows this as a crib toy, i can use it on a table in their room so they can still enjoy it.
* or you can drop it at the top of the waterfall, and it will go to the spinning blue disk* i love that the button to make the music start is big and red, easily seen by a baby, why arent more toys like this?
fisher price has a great concept, but needs to go back to the designing steps.
we use racket balls with the toy now and my 6 month old does enjoy the activity.hope fisher price reads these reviews.apep@chartermi.net
all the negative stuff said about this toy are true.
the music is drowned out, and the spinning mechanishm breaks down easily.
but....my daughter still loves watching the balls spin round and round....she thinks the toy is great.
i wouldn't necesarily highly recomend the toy, but i dont think your child will be diapointed if you pick it up.
the red button to turn it on is easy for him to find and he loves hitting it.
he loves to press the red button and listen to the music and see the discs turn.
however, my son still likes to play with it.
he likes to stop the wheels from turning and also loves to play with the peek a rounds themselves.
my son loved this toy.
i didn't give it a second thought because you know, it's fisher price.
she likes to try and catch the balls, and what is nice is that once you touch the spinning plates they stop - very kid safe.
and it goes with all the other fisher-price amazing animals/rainforest items we have.
i purchased this toy for my 5 1/2 month old and she loved it right away.
she got the hang of pressing the red button to make the balls go and stop and has a lot of fun with this.
taylor is now 7 1/2 months old and she still loves this toy.
either path starts the disks spinning to music and the ball will move around on the disks, bouncing from one to the other.
the disks have colorful pictures on them.
they can also be started (and stopped) by a big red button at the base of the toy.
in addition, my son especially likes a door on the center tree that opens to reveal a sticker of some monkeys.the toy comes with four cute peek-a-rounds (monkey, lion, elephant and parrot) and i purchased an additional set of six.
this seat belt strap adjuster is perfect for anyone who is tired of the chafing caused by a seat belt that constantly rubs on their neck and/or shoulder!
if they aren't secured this way, they tend to excessively slide/move along the belt while in use if you happen to move much.the belkin have a more in-use secure fit, but slip right off the belt when not in use do to their 'open on both sides' design.
i found the whole process tedious and a pain, but once on, the adjuster slides smoothly and does its job as promised.my seatbelt always hits my neck with some discomfort.
the commutemate strap adjuster pulls the strap away from my neck and towards the shoulder with welcome relief.these little gadgets are worth the money and negate one more reason for not wearing a seatbelt.
we purchased the blue/green infant to toddler rocker when our son was about 5 months old.
our son eats some of his meals in this chair (give him the bottle and he feeds himself, or sit it up and spoon feed him), he naps in this chair, or just relaxes in this chair!
i will definitely be using this with our next child.
i love this item.. my son slept like a baby.
2 ways to adjust it.
my son has 3 bouncers and this is the one that i find most useful.
this one is great because you really can use it from newborn on.
he absolutely loved his chair!
now, i have a 20 month old daughter who has the chair and loves it but doesn't like sharing it with her 3 month old sister ;).
i cannot wait for it to get here and i know it will get years of use!!!!
this chair is nice to get if you have a larger baby (like my son) who quickly outgrows smaller playseats.
the toys are detachable and can be used seperately when the child gets older.the "kickstand" feature is nice for securing the seat to put baby in it, or to stabalize for young infants.
never used the "calming vibrations" feature.
fairly easy to assemble (and disassemble, when it needs to go into storage).
the cover is really easy to remove for cleaning, and the fabric doesn't fade in the wash.
i have two of these, i really love it.
my son has always loved this seat and still likes to try to get in it and rock back and forth!
but this chair is durable, and it entertains them, also great to take it on the go to grandparents to babysit.
the fact that it becomes a rocking chair later on is even more amazing!!!!!
also i like the vibrating feature.
overall i am happy with this chair for the price.
we received 2 of these at my baby shower for our twins.
we also got the fisher price precious planet bouncy seat.
our twins are now 6 months old and they get strapped in these rockers every day several times a day, and they like being in them.
love them!!
and they should still last us a good bit longer as well.
this is a fun little chair.
our baby enjoys hers, but she's a wigglebox.
*it's been two years since the above review.
our girl is now 3 and she still likes the chair - using it in the toddler configuration.
2 years later it is still intact and usable.
we loved this for our small baby.
he napped in it a lot and played in it a lot.
the vibration is nice on it, and the middle toy makes noise, which most babies love.
plus you can make it stationary and lay it back for sleepy babies.
i love them.
she is 33 lbs so i needed something that would take that weight and be functional for my newborn.my son will sleep great in it while in the reclined position.
my daughter loves to rock in it.the reason i gave it 4 instead of 5 is because i see that it has stability issues.
i have had to teach my daughter not to lean on it when my son is in it because it will tip fairly easily.
but other than that this is an awesome chair for our kids.
a very sweet adjunct to the wealth of baby items.
would think this a pleasant addition to grandparents' homes in particular.our baby loved it from an early age.
nice rocker mechanism as well as the gently vibrating feature.
been using for a while now and very happy with it!
when our daughter was an infant, she loved this bouncer.
it was perfect, because of how well it reclines with the kickstand out.
she loved this seat and so do we.
it allowed her to be in the same room as all of us and be able to be at our level (on the floor) while we played games with her brother.
our 3 year old son also loves it.
its a very versatile gift :)
the craftsmanship is iffy.
my son loves this chair.
we got this rocker for a shower gift and found in indispensable after our son was born.
we would set the rocker up in his crib and it fit perfectly inside.
now that my son is older (4 & 1/2 months) and he finally sleeps on his back, we still use this rocker.
we have put the toy bar back on and he will entertain himself for a while by swatting at the toys.
the features are nice & it's built pretty sturdy.
my son's vibration on his chair is still working great though, so perhaps they have improved their manufacturing on these newer ones.i like how the seat belt is able to be put underneath the chair for toddler rocker use.
however, for average or bigger babies, the placement is perfect.
(like with my son, he is in the 75th percentile & it has always worked fine for him...but he was the exact same height and weight at 4 months that my daughter was at 1 year).2.
while being used as a rocker for toddlers, it is reclined a bit further than i'd like.
there are only 2 settings for the seat back and even the one that's more upright is still leaned back pretty far.
this was a great option for us because he cannot yet sit on his own, and this seat will be able to hold him until he reaches 40 pounds.
the color scheme is pretty cute and the toys are a lot more fun than the ones that were on his fisher price bouncer.
first thing that caught my eye were the reviews... a high number of positive reviews coupled with almost 5 stars.... how could i not stop and look?
after scanning through the reviews and seeing that this is something that i can keep for more than a few months i quickly added this to my gift registry and i received it as a gift.yes it's true that you don't want to use the rocking motion right away.
i started using it after 2 weeks and it works wonders.
i also put my baby in the stationary position during the day while he's sleeping and he is super comfortable.
at first i wasn't too excited about the colors and theme pattern but once i looked past that, i think the chair is wonderful!
what i like most about it is the position it sits my newborn.
it's perfect height.
if you are looking for that perfect baby gift-look no further this is it.
of all the swings, seats and play mats, this is the seat that my now 4 month old loves.
day-care also has these seats and they have told me that he loves it.
the colors are bright and eye catching, the toys are placed where they can easily be seen and grabbed at when he reaches that stage.assembly was very easy.
the cover is easy to put on and remove in order to clean.
it keeps him happy and entertained while i am working around the house and that makes me happy.
over all its a great chair and we love it but they need to change the cow to face the baby and not away!
its has beautiful colors and the designs are cute.
my son also likes to fall asleep in it.
this chair is durable, easy to clean, efficiently uses battery.
the snugabunny is harder to clean and takes up more space.
yes, this rocker is not as cute or as plush, but it works great.
seems more versatile than the other bouncers & like that we will be able to use it until our son is a toddler.
this chair is so handy and stays in my office at work.
my four month old son goes to work with me everyday and spends a lot of time in this chair.my son loves anything that vibrates and we transition from our boucy seat (which he adores) at home to this chair at work.
because i move around the office quite a bit, i always keep him strapped in when the chair is in the upright position.
he seems to like the leaning back position as well, because it cradles and supports him and he can relax with his toys.
i don't always strap him in when he's sleeping in the recline position because he's still pretty small yet, but i will as he gets bigger and stronger.the color contrast of the toys on the toy bar really caught his attention when we first got it and he still likes to bat at the toys.
i use the extra velcro tags on the sides daily to keep his other toys attached to the rocker and off the floor.
the colors are lovely, and it is very practical.
easy to put together.
it is nice and light and so convenient to move from room to room.
my oldest is now 4 1/2, but we got all of his "extra furniture"(highchair, bouncer, jumperoo, swing, and mobile) from the fisher-price "precious planet" line.
the bouncer was well used by my first two, so it needed to be replaced with our third one on the way.
this is especially appealing since we are not having anymore.
i think most of us will feel like we're getting our money's worth when our little one can use it longer!
my first son slept in his bouncer for the first year and a half of his life(he was extremely premature and small).
we love it so far!
bought for us by my father in law.
our son isn't even born yet and i don't want him in the chair.
we bought this for our four month old as an additional seat.
she loved pulling the toys and listening to the music.
highly recommend this seat, would definitely buy again.
i am a first time mom, so in my search for a rocker, i was looking for something:- sturdy  (the metal bars here fit the criteria versus the plastic ones out there)- cheerful and colorful  (as a bonus, this looks great in pictures!
best - she laid in this while i got a shower!
we used a snuzzler to keep her cozy.now that she is 15 months, we still use this chair.
this chair is deep enough that she can still sit in it, relax her back and neck and still be comfortable.we found this to be a great buy, and one of the few things we have used in different age stages.
it was great when he was an infant though.
this chair is a mother's best friend.
to be honest, i am not easily annoyed by the music children's toys play.
it is only one song, but it will only activate if the child gives it a generous tug on the pull string.
i love that he is safe and secure in the chair.the other fantastic part is the reclined sleeper position.
it has a vibration function that helps soothe baby and allows me to rock baby to sleep.
love it!
it's important to pull out the stabilizing bar if you leave the baby unattended even for a moment (baby can lean forward and topple over without it).
i got this for my son when he outgrew his bouncy seat.
the toys are great and we really liked how solid the chair felt.
my 18 month old son loves this chair he'll watch his movie i've even found him taking his nap in it the fabric is nice and soft easy to make it not a rocket and easy to take along
the dark safari rocker is a very cute alternative to the floor swing or reclining baby napper.
with a toy bar and vibration setting, this rocker may seem standard, but it also has the ability to change from a stationary napper to a rocker!
"it is a bright and colorful toy for your baby.
the assembly is relatively easy, with just a philips screwdriver necessary to attach the 6 screws.
most other models feature a swivel bar to conveniently and quietly move toys and baby without waking her up.a "d" battery is required for the vibration to work and it is not included.
both battery cases require a screw driver to open and change.
the instructions are in english and spanish.overall the bright colors and rocking feature make this a very nice toy.
the versatility with the kick stand and ability to make it a rocking chair for a toddler is a big bonus.
i think it is a great toy, especially for its ability to transition with your baby.
if it lasts, that makes it a worthy buy: recommended.
i got this for my newborn son.
the toy bar is great for hanging other toys on (and it comes with toys of its own).
even with a new battery the vibrating isn't very significant, however, my son is a fan of items with more powerful/strong movements, so this vibration might be enough for a baby who isn't quite so high maintenance!overall this chair is recommended, and it's awesome that it can be used well into toddler years.
great shower gift as well.
this item is great.
over all great item
im not sure how the previous commenter's son ended up upside down.
my mother bought this rocker for my son when he was born, and in the past five months he has just loved it.
also, theres a metal frame in the front that can flip out and it forces the chair to stay still, if you dont want the rocking.
my son, who is 20 lbs can easily rock it on his own by just kicking his feet, which he loves.
also, the metal frame seems to be very strong and durable.all in all, i think its a great chair for newborns to toddlers and look forward to getting much more use out of it.
i live in the deep south and needed a seat for my five month old which did not have all the padding and warmth our bouncer seat (my little lamb) provided.
while we love our bouncer seat, it is too warm for our climate, particularly outside.
our baby loved this chair right out of the box.
the play toys are interesting and at an appropriate height.
we use this chair outside and it does very well but cannot get wet due to the battery pack at the foot of the chair.
best part, it rocks!
our baby loves to kick and play and rock himself.
i highly recommend if you bring your baby outside!
just like everyone else.. we like this rocker...our 3 year old seats in and our 1 year old can have fun in it as well...looks like a good gift to give and looks like it will last a life time around kids...p.s&#62; fisher-price cs is great.. so 5 star for that.--------------------if you fine my reviews helpful please mark it as so..
thank you.
the baby loves it though so i ended up buying a second one (used, locally) for our other level.
having this allows me a chance to shower and eat meals.
the great feature on this is that it vibrates and rocks.
very happy with this purchase.
this bouncer is great!
my son was 3 weeks old when we started using it and he loves it... at times, he wouldnt sleep in his crib or his bassinet so we were able to pick up the seat and put it inside his crib and he slept peacefully...
this is a great seat and it's the best bouncer i've come across...
one small thing - currently at age of 2.5 months, she kind of leans on one side in the rocking position - could be baby specific but could also be how the seat is shaped.
we bought this at a baby superstore on clearance right before christmas...this is so great to have!
when we bought it my daughter was only 2 1/2 months old and we started using it right away, she loved it then and still loves it at 7 months!what's nice is that the back reclines so they can sleep in it if you're out and about with it.
the kickstand is nice to have if you want to walk away (do dishes with them close by, etc.)
this chair is great and comfortable for baby.
would definitely recommend!
* easy to move around even while she is in it, so i can always keep an eye on her.
dont take a chance after that!
very pleased with the quality and value of this products.
we brought this rocker because our 4 month old outgrew her bouncy seat.
she is now 7 months old and still uses it every day.
my boy loved this rocker from about 1.5 months to about 6 months, when he had pretty much outgrown it.
during those 4.5 months he always had a great time playing in it -- and it worked really, really well to induce him to poop.
this was also easy to take to parks, etc.
and the cloth cover is easy to take off for washing.
additionally its nice to let them lay back as they can't support their neck very well early on.
the rocking position however is very nice when she is in a playful mood.seat adjustment: not only does this allow a stabilized reclining position, but the back of the seat itself is also adjustable, although not by much.
you push the two large green buttons on the sides at the same time and the back can move one unit forward or one unit back.
we use mostly the reclined position when thinking to change posture.toy: comes with a nice attachment with toys that suspend from above that your little one can play with.
it also has a little handle that when she pulls it, a short song is played.
this helps her learn cause and effect.vibration mode: the seat does have a similar button that allows the seat to vibrate.
she loves it.cloth: the cloth is very easy to remove and wash.
this is super important as you can imagine.
it also has the usual safety straps (seat belt) built in to secure your child.mobility: the seat is not that heavy and easy to lift.
you can also slide or push it easily across the carpet to move it however note that you cannot do this while its in the stabilized reclining position because the white rubber at the bottom prevents this.overall: this is a great seat.
the quality and features on this one make it way better and if you have tried other seats, i'm sure you'll understand why.happy shopping for your little one,george
i like this seat better than a "traditional" bouncer.
i had a different seat with my first child and currently also have a fisher price aquarium bouncer.
i like those seats fine, but i think the infant to toddler rocker is a better value and more versatile.
i love fisher price products and we have a ton, but this just didn't work for us.
she enjoys it and because it is lightweight, i can easily move it (even with her in it) from room to room with me when needed.
but the way my baby likes playing with it most is when she's on the floor she will pull it across the floor and move it around as she moves on her belly - she loves it that way.
my son has had this seat since before birth and uses it everyday.
this bouncer/rocker is a great addition to your baby supplies.
now he is 7 month and still love this chair, we loved it!
=0)
kind of satisfy with the rocker,but it doesn't come with the battery for vibration.the rocker only has 2 changing level.
he is 2 months old and has found out that if he kicks the toys on the toy bar move so he will entertain himself for quite a while.
i was afraid it wouldn't be deep enough and wouldn't comfort him but now at his age but it works just fine and i can put a blanket in it if i feel he needs more comfort that day.
i think this is great, and hope she can continue to use it for a while.
in picture, the rocker looks comfortable and cozy.
of the hundres of orders we placed recently, this one was pure dissappointment.
this is a cute seat.
it wasn't misrepresented at all, and it is good quality.
is perfect for my baby, but i would like that the music last a little bit more and in my opinion it must have more music to hear
at 8 or 9 months old, my son was strapped into this chair and threw his body forward with enough force to face plant onto a hard wooden floor with the chair on top of him.
it can also be set in a fixed position, but i use it mainly for the rocking motion.
as with any seat, there is always that possibility of a child falling out or tipping the seat if not supervised.
this is perfect for all ages and sizes of infant.
we love this!
great for my infants a seat stationary and toddler rocking chair .
easy to remove and clean seat .
bright colors.
recommend for anybody who has a baby!!
after 6 months of gentle use, a big screw came out and no longer can be fastened.
good investment for very large babies, like mine!
overall this toddler rocker is great...just that, the fabric of the chair isnt the best since i notice that my son back head is starting to shed.
most babies can't sleep on certain sheet or fabric or else your child will have some bold spots around his or her head.
the reason for buying this is because he can use it later in life as a rocking chair while he can read a book.
hopefully by then the fabric won't give him bold spot.
i'm glad my mother told me about certain fabrics that baby shouldnt be laying on or else my son have some unwanted bold spots.
it's cute and colorful but requires a little more assembly than our other one.
i unscrewed the device which has the 3 small cell batteries the rocker came with so i'm not sure why that feature doesn't work.
i'll go back out and get the cell batteries and hopefully it'll work or hopefully we can return ours.
i leave her in it with the kickstand up while she's napping, but she also likes being rocked in it.my two year-old also likes the chair.
i gotthis for a gift and it was great in the beginning.
my son liked being in it in the bathroom when i showered.
turns out, my oldest son loves this chair.
it's also very sturdy, and i'm amazed at how well the toy bar has held up against a 16 month old gnawing on it.
with only 3 toys to choose from and "vibration only motion" this works for calmer childen.
my son is now almost 5 months and has been using this for almost 2 months.
the rocker is useful for a safe place to put him while i wash bottles, fold clothes etc.
the kick stand is great too as the extra tilt lets him play with his feet and adds extra stability.
we love it so far.
from day one, she loved the vibration mode.
it put her to sleep with in moments.
it is very easy to take along wherever you go.
she is now 6 months old and she still loves the chair.
i know moms of toddlers who still use this chair today (as a rocker).
love it, great price.
i had this chair sent to my parents house before a visit with our 6 month old baby thinking it will last a while longer than a regular bouncy seat since she doesn't visit there often.i loved this chair and if i had seen them earlier would have bought one for our house instead of a regular bouncy seat and may still get one when she outgrows the bouncy (it has a vibrating function like the bouncy which has always helped her take naps better).
i'm not a fan of the pattern either.
however, and it's a big however, my 2 month old son loves it!
i can also see the toddler rocking seat being useful and fun for him when he is older.
all in all... this is a great little seat and you really can't beat it for the price.
i had to give it 5 stars since my son seems to adore it.
this is by far one of the best purchases i made for my baby.
since we live far away, she figured that she'd get more use out of this rocker than a traditional bouncer.
she doesn't love her bouncer at home (we have the ocean wonders bouncer).
she likes to look at the toys and she likes the rocking motion she makes when she kicks her legs and waves her arms in excitement.
it looks very sturdy and will be "her chair" at grandma's house for a while.
we wish we purchased the rocker for her at home rather than the traditional bouncer.however, there are two reasons for the four stars:(1) the cow is facing the parents and not the baby.
the baby cannot enjoy the adorable face.
we tried to face it the other way, but when you pull the cord for music, it just pulls right off of the velcro strips you use to attach the hanging toys.
my babies love this rocker.
the babies also tend to lean their head on the frame and again it's not padded enough.
my babies love the recline position when having their milk.
wish it were on the sides some place where it could be easily enjoyed by the baby!
it shipped super fast by amazon.
the amazon price is the best!
what a deal!
i have 4 month old twins and this is a great way to keep them seated while i do my work.
my 3 month old son likes being in this chair.
when my son gets bored with the dangle toys, i replace it with the tiny love sunny stroll arch, which fits well and keeps him entertained.the seat cover is made of polyester so it washes well.
i put a soft fluffy blanket over the seat to help cushion the seat more.the rocking feature works well, especially on hardwood floors or other non-carpeted floors.
works great.
vibrations are so quiet we often accidentally leave it on even when we've removed our son.
also great for naps as a newborn or for sleeping while traveling.
this bouncy seat is great.
it was so simple to assmeble and the parts are very well made.
she is comfortable and loves the vibration.
i love how the toy arch is so easily removable.
i look forward to many months of enjoyment from this seat.
my son loves it.
he started rocking at 4 months and still rocking at 16 months.
and the toys hanging from the bar are so captivating, he started batting and grabbing at them far earlier than we expected him to.
that's pretty amazing.this is so indispensable in our household, i bought an extra one to send home to gramma's for when we visit!
my son has just about outgrown his bouncy chair and i needed something more versatile.
it's nice quality, great how the back of the chair reclines and sits upright.
easy to assemble.
i folded a soft receiving blanket and stuffed it between the chair cover and the wood and this works well.
we love our rocker.
we have both a &#34;snuggabunny&#34; swing and this rocker.
it is easy to move from room to room, and into the bathroom while i am in the shower.
we love this thing... its definitely my going to be my go to baby shower item from now on.
one a huge amazing one and one that matched his room decor and used batteries.
and we immediatly begain using this chair instead of our other one.
even though it doesnt bounce like an average vibrating chair it was still amazing.
our son spit up massive amounts of his bottles after eating, so this chair in the rocing position for perfect for us , because it helped him immesly.
and colors stay amazing!
both my boys love the toys in the toy bar.
our baby (nearly 4months old) loves this seat as a place to hang out with parents as they do, well, whatever parents do.
whenever he gets fussy we can switch on the vibrating motion and it calms him for a while longer - at least until we can finish this review!it's one of our best baby purchases and we look forward to using it when he's a toddler.m...
this chair is great!
hes now 14 months old and still uses this chair!
a definate great buy!
no, my son is 8 months, and i've had time to form an opinion.
my parents and my sister had different vibrating chairs.
theirs had ocean/water sounds and a cool ocean scene to watch that seemed to relax him.
i first bought one 7 years ago when my oldest daughter was teeny and now that baby #3 is here, it's nice to have one for both the middle kiddo and the baby.
:o)  it has a nice, deep seat that's very comfy for both playing and sleeping and i love the fact that it can either rock or be held stationary.
the toy bar is very easy to attach/detach and the vibrating mechanism is an added bonus.
you really can't beat this chair for its functionality and versatility, especially for the price.my most recent purchased arrived with a defective rear stabilizer bar.
in person, this rocker is just as bright and colorful as in the picture.
after looking at a couple older infant-to-rocker models, it is clear that fisher price found a way to further increase the stability of the rocker in the front.
they include longer plastic pieces that attach to the base frame, lengthening the front (to greatly lessen the chance of forward flipping).the vibration of the seat is strong (though it only comes with one setting).
i am able to comfortably rock it with my feet from the side while sitting in a chair or at the edge of my bed.
it rocks smoothly-even on our carpeting.
the rocking motion i use reminds me of an old fashioned sewing machine you work with your feet.
it attaches with clasps in the back and comes off easily for washing.
there are strong written warnings against using this for prolonged periods of sleep.
the chair has an incline/decline feature.
this is fairly easy to do.
there are visual markings (also on both sides) that indicate which setting the seat is in.the main issue i have is with the toy bar.
you also have to get a good, firm grip on both sides of the toy bar in order to get it off.
though we didn't use this as a rocking chair, we used it as a chair to feed it before our daughter was able to sit comfortably in her highchair.
my hope was that it would satisfy both the needs of my 2-month-old and my 2-year-old, who sometimes wants to sit in a little kid-sized seat when watching cartoons.pros: great print--looks good in my house; sturdy and easy to put together; vibration feature is quiet and only takes one d battery; easy to use and change from full recline to infant recline to toddler positions.cons: when assembled, the seat lacks any back support.
it seems more "hammock-like" than our ancient fisher price bouncy seat, leaving my 13-lb baby a bit scrunched in the seat.
i use this everyday especially when am busy cooking i'll just seat my son in it while he watches on and he likes outside so i will put him in it and place him in-front of the door to gaze outside.
this is the best.
also he loves it.
i see these chairs in all the local daycare centers and i always wanted to get one.
this will last so much longer than any bouncy chair and has way more years of life than an expensive papasan chair.
i love everything about this chair.
he started to make sounds and smile and kick more and more.
i love it and i love watching him in it.
best $40 i've ever spent!
our daughter hasn't used it in a couple of months (stopped at 4 months due to moving and it was packed away).
i loved the first one we had for our two year old and he still can sit in this chair.
it would be nice if it had two different stationary positions.
also.
it is not sensitive at all.
so we began the search for a chair of her very own...her big girl chair.we tried those foam sofa looking things but she pretty active and flipped one in the store.
but we headed back to give it a try.she loved it and we bought it.
she can get herself in and out of it with ease and she loves the vibrate function.
she is so very proud of herself that she knows how to turn it on and off by herself.
we have 4 friends with these chairs and we all have different design patterns.
this was our second one, and both of our babies loved it well into toddlerhood.
it's nice when a piece of baby gear is useful for up to 3-4 years, as this is.
for babies it makes a great mini rocker, and we allowed both our little ones to nap in it and play.
babies love the arm with the toys on it.
the vibration works great.
again, both our kids loved having a chair just their size.
we love this chair for baby and she seems to like it as well.
it is awesome that it is portable and can be moved from room to room, unlike the swing.
it is a great rocking chair.
now that he is 8 months old, he still has fun rocking in the chair and plays with the toys, but he also tries to get out of it when the seat is in rocking position.i now mainly use pack & play, but i still use this rocking chair with the stand when i give him milk.
he is in the perfect position and can easily hold the bottle and drink milk.my son has not fallen off the chair since he started using it.
my son is 23 lbs and very active and only 7 months, he has pretty much outgrown his swing which he loved so much.
i bought him this rocker and it's just wonderful.
if you pull on the toy it plays music, it has vibration and multiple positions, it's perfect and so economical too, we love it!
and it holds up to 40 lbs.
my son, large at birth, outgrew his first bouncy seat at 3 months.
the conversion to a rocking chair is super easy.
i purchased this for a friends baby shower because i really enjoyed mine.
i was using this for my son right from his 15 days.he is now 7 months and still enjoys it.it`ll follow us from the dinning area to the park/backyard while my daughter is playing there.good use for the pay.
my baby cousin love his toddler rocker...he would sleep soundly in his rocker without waking up at all times...yes i  would recommend it
got this for my new grandson when he visits and it works great, very reasonable price and well made (metal frame), since a lot of things these days are mostly plastic!
baby is at that time where reaching out and grabbing things is a new experience and hasn't yet mastered it and this little chair is perfect for it.
baby is so proud when they pull on the cord, it's a beautiful sight.
(i have the previous version of this rocker, the mechanics seem unchanged).our son loved this rocker as a newborn (1-2 months).
good buy for the price and it can convert to a rocking chair!
we have this at grandma's for our son and he likes it!
we first liked this chair because we knew we'd be able to use it for awhile.
it vibrates and has the toys above (by the way, the cow doesn't face the correct way.
but this can be easily fixed with a little piece of velcro.)
it worked very well for a first chair for her, because the kickstand makes the chair recline back far enough for babies that can't hold their head up.
for the price, this chair is awesome.
it's simple, but works well.
and it's small enough that we can take it with us to grandma's house.
it worked good as the infant seat and my son liked the things that hang down but now he is 16 mths old and he loves it as a chair.
(the rocker is in our bedroom).
it's okay for what i use it for.updateonce my son started grabbing things on his own, he really enjoyed this chair.
my son still loves the toy though and dances around when it plays.thus, i have upped my stars and say.. give it a try.
i received the mouse princess chair as a shower gift and i love it!
:)
good quality and great price makes one happy baby.
we thought it will be useful for both the kids.
easy to assemble.
such a cute chair.
we replaced it with the tiny love take along arch which is a much better toy.
excellent acquisition.
super comfortable, the baby loves.
now, seven months later, it's still our favorite.
the cover is easy to wash and simple to get back on the frame.
the ability to go from recline to sitting up, rocking to relaxing is great.
it's sturdy and well built with great attention to detail.
we received one of these as a gift and i began using it as soon as my husband returned to work and i needed a safe place to put my infant son while i showered, made lunch, or did just about anything that required two hands.
i can easily carry it from room to room, my son enjoys looking at the toys that hang before him, and he'll occasionally nap in it with the "calming vibrations" on.
i can take it anywhere and my child is entertained in this at all times.
we love the f-p rocker!
we have basically used it as a portable bassinet from the day we brought our son home from the hospital.
we keep a kiddopotomus in it to make it nice and snug and soft for him.
we keep it tilted open all the way with the kickstand out so it doesn't rock.
he's 9 weeks now and still takes most of his daytime naps in the chair.
i needed a rocker to help transition from cosleeping.
my mil ended up ordering the same style of rocker from walmart in an alternate pattern (snails).
the other thing that i noticed is that our son was easily able to grab the center frog on the snails rocker and could not get a hold of the elephant on the dark safari.
or, the cow needs to have a face on both sides!
the way it attaches, the baby looks at the back of it's blank white head!
on the positive side, it was simple to assemble and you can use it up to 40 lbs!
i received this item through amazon vine, and while it is a very cool, well made item, it just didn't fit our nine month old quite right.
for us, though, because she's pulling up, she's not really happy in it in either the recliner or the rocker stage.that being said, it was a simple item to put together, very pleasing to the eye, and i thought it was well made.
the transition from infant to toddler rocker is easy.
love that we will be able to use it for a long time.
this was a baby shower gift, my friend still uses this after 1 year.
great investment, it was sturdy and the colors were bright.
so this isn't the best activity seat out there for your child.
i needed something to entertain and soothe him while we ate dinner.
for the price this chair is great.
the vibration feature is soothing and the rocking motion is smooth.
my toddler daughter likes the chair as well, an added bonus.
overall a solid chair for a good price.
she absolutely loves this chair!
we mostly use the recline position with the back in the more upright position because we feed her in this chair.
in it and she won't spit all of her food back up.
the fabric and print is soft, bright, and very adorable.
the vibration is helpful in calming her sometimes, but other times it just annoys her, but that is just a personal quirk with our baby.
she loves the rocking position but i need to keep very close eye on her because she likes to stand up in it.
but this rocker, he stays there for a while and this is the main one we use every day.
very good buy.
he likes to read in this rocker and talks to us.
it is a little rocking chair, portable and small easy to take from rooom to room.
has the little mobile and lasts quite a whiel without it, my sister actually has a 5 and 3 year old and htey both still have and use these as little rockers without the mobile bar of coarse.
my youngest loves this one.
i love it!
we've definitely gotten our moneys worth from it.
my son loves this chair, i enjoy that it has a tilting back so he can be in different positions.
i got this as a replacement for the fisher price deluxe infant to toddler rocker (left my deluxe one at grandma's house for visits), but i think at some point i will switch them out to get the deluxe one back, it sits deeper and higher on the sides.
with a new grandson, we are getting introduced gradually to a new world of baby products, one of which is this rocker from fisher-price.
this is one of those must have items that we would have loved to have had thirty years ago.
the rocker is easy to assemble, is sturdy, and is bright and attractive with a footprint perfect for small spaces.
our grandchild likes the vibrating function though i've read this isn't universally liked by little ones.
it's that nice.
our son loved this rocker as a newborn (1-2 months).
outside of diapers and binkies, this is pretty much my most indispensable baby item.
i use it from when they are newborns, its a first high chair, and they have still enjoyed it as toddlers.
you could put your baby in if she needs some snap; it has those  little hangings,which will help practice the kids to use her hands... a must buy for babies under 6 months, i think.
when i had my son in 2010, i had the previous boy fisher-price rocker on my registry and was so pleased with it.
the form has been changed a bit but she, now 4 months old, loves it.
my son's was a bit lower, not so close to his face.
she loves it anyway and pull the butterfly chord constantly.great chair.
my sister has this at home and her oldest is 6, this is a great purchase.
my baby is a chubby 4 month old and slides to the sides because the back is straight with no pillows or any cushion on the sides.
it is nicely made and keeps her occupied for quite awhile.
we like using this rocker for our baby.
our 2 1/2 month old son likes to sit in this seat and stare at the toys, but he doesn't care for the vibration like he does in his other bouncer.
this seat is easy to clean, fairly easy to move from room to room, and versatile.
now she puts her stuffed animals in it and tucks them in.
our son loves laying in the bouncer.
we love the bouncer because we can carry it in any room to keep him occupied while we need both hands for dishes and such.
we also like how it can double as a chair and a rocker.
we use it as both very often.one con though, what is the deal with the backwards cow head?
mine is located in the middle and is still backwards, i think i am going back to bru to see about a new one if mine is defective.
i rate this 5 stars for the fabric design, 5 star for the quality but 1 star overall because your baby will topple over on the rocker mode.one review said "used correctly, this seat is perfect!," and that is true.it is even perfect to rock your infant.
and i agree, it is perfect for my toddler.
the graco soothe & swaddle baby bouncer will take.
what happens to the stage in between?
we didn't use it as a baby seat, but it is perfect for a toddler chair.
my daughter's daycare has this rocker and she absolutely adores it.
she's the kind of baby that likes as much motion as possible, so being able to turn on the vibration setting and rock her at the same time is great!
she absolutely adores the rainforest bouncy seat.
my daughter is 5 months old and has loved this chair for the last few months.
we bought it when she first started grasping objects an she loves the ladybug that plays music when pulled.
i brought this in 2007 for my son.
she is pretty big for a 3 month old and this chair is perfect.
she's safe and she loves it.
this chair is durable and safe.
i hope they will always make this chair.
even as a roly-poly, sitty-uppy, active girl, with both of the elephants no longer on the toy bar because she just tears them off anyway, she will sit in this most every morning fairly contently while i shower and sing to her.
my son loves this chair!
he's 7 weeks old and loves to be in motion, so this chair is perfect for him.
it also moves the toys hanging above which catches his attention and he 'talks' to them.
he also loves the vibration of the chair.
we just have to make sure we put the chair on a carpet when we turn on the vibration because if we keep it on our hardwood floor, the whole floor vibrates with it.
such a great feature to have, making this chair go beyond just the infant stage.
this chair is great as an alterative to the traditional bouncer with the rocking feature.
my 2 year old still loves this chair.
she loves to climb in and turn on the vibration feature and lay back and relax while enjoying her favorite dvd.
my lo loves this rocker!
my parents had purchased a fisher price rocker similar to this for the baby to use at their house.
sometimes simplicity is better, since the mamaroo is innovate and much more expensive, but fisher price had the right elements.
maybe if you are not into the flashing lights, and the music, this would work great.
i brought it back.
she has a kick and play bouncer... thank heavens.
(see my review)
my 2 mo old always has to be moving so the rocking and vibrating has been a lifesaver.
the fact that the seat can grow with your child makes it well worth the money.
my son loves to sit and watch and explore.
this rocker chair has been great so far.
it has a vibration button on the seat for calming baby but i haven't tried it out yet with a new battery.
he fusses when he can't see what's going on around him and you're busy cooking, cleaning, etc so this really helps keep them happy for a little while!
side note, item was shipped in the actual fisher price box for those of you that might be ordering as a gift.
i put her in this chair and turn on the vibrating mode, and with my foot i will rock it.
works like a charm everytime!!!!!
she is so calm and peaceful.
the cover is removable thank god!
love it!
it is working really well for us.
the reclining feature is nice for when i want to eat and hold my baby's bottle at the same time.
the rocker is okay.
the best feature of this seat is the fact that the cover is easily removable and washable.
it is tiny love take-along arch, sunny stroll.
as new parents we bought a lot of gadgets to help entertain our newborn.
it allows her to sleep, eat, and just look around and watch her surroundings.
she is held a lot but occasionally wants her own space and this is her favorite place.
definitely one of the best baby purchases and it is wasn't very expensive.
sturdy build, bright colors, a toy bar, and vibration, all for around $30?
in a market of $200+ baby accessories, this is one of the best utility/dollar ratios you'll find.
perfect if you're on a budget for playtime.
the best thing is that this rocker is made to serve children from newborn to toddler who can sit and rock by himself.
the chair offers two options for him - a rocking chair with entertaining toys (including one musical) dangling over his head and a sort of portable bed where he can comfortably take a nap (this is converted from a rocking chair by a lever).
i purchased this rocker to get more use from it, and i am very pleased.
it is very safe as it comes with a kickstand to prevent falling forward.
i have read other reviews about the safety issues of this chair, but when used properly for the appropriate age - it is very safe!!
i highly recommend this chair for both safety and enjoyment.
this is a wonderful thing!
it's light, easily washable, you can attach toys close to baby's hands, the safety belt is long enough.we do not use vibration function since our baby does not like it but we use rocking a lot.
the vibration and rocking effect soothe my baby.
she looked happy on it.
best buy in amazon.
the cushion is soft to touch and fine with baby's fragile skin.
easy to assemble.
definitely worth buying.
i love this changing table!
so much more efficient than a regular side-lying changing table.
it's beautiful, sturdy if put together and used properly, and has more than enough space for commonly-used items.
and i have really enjoyed having it for my second son.
having your baby face you during diaper changing makes a huge difference.
the shelves allow for convenient storage of all diapering items needed plus storage of other baby items - helps keep a thousand items and gadgets off the floor in the nursery!
this changing table has the perfect height for me.
it's beautiful and sturdy if put together and used properly.
i am very happy with the purchase!
loved it when i saw the picture online.
it's color matched with my bed and my boy's crib.
it is strong and has plenty of rooms for storage.
i am short, but it's heigh is perfect, i can play with my boy while changing him and he loves it when he lays on it.
i really like the orientation to the baby, makes so much sense once you start changing him that way.
i find this changing table quite sturdy, as i often find myself leaning on it and play peek-a-boo games with my son after i'm done changing him.
the storage is great, but a bit awkward for baskets and things on the sides.
my wipes warmer fits well in one of the triangle areas, which was a pleasant surprise.is the actual changing pad thin and sad?
yes, but it's not like he's sleeping on the changing table.
it does its job.am i finding my son to be outgrowing the length of the changing pad?
in a heartbeat.
chips, scratches...mainly unsightly issues.
however, the company is very good about and makes it very easy to replace damaged pieces on their website.
the company has designed it to be screwed onto the top shelf..which sounds ok until you realize they give you washers and screws that pull right through the weave of the straps without the slightest bit of pressure.
i bought this table used at a resale children's shop and was able to bring it home in the back on my saturn outlook (back row folded down).
i can fit both of my baskets full of cloth diapers on the large shelves and there is more room on the sides & top.
love this table!
we have a 2 year old and changing him on this is much better then the traditional changing table or on your lap!
love it!
i selected it because it is a real space saver and that it had plenty of room for storage.
this table is a dream.
my baby is 4 months old now, and everyday i use this table i love it even more.
the table itself is great...sturdy and matches all the other furniture we bought.
the changing pad is not the best and has torn thru the screw down mechanism to keep it in place.
now that my son is 8 months old i still use it to change his diapers (his feet hang off the edge though) but the bottom has become a bookshelf which is great.
i like how it has a zipper on top, that's really cute and it holds a lot of clothes.
it fits so well with the decor and it's very durable.
it's also really pretty.
the design is cute and colorful and appealing to her.
definitely worth every penny spent!
i take it on trips with us because it folds down so easily and latches on four sides.
my parents were nagging me about how i don't have mobile for my son (their first grandchild) and how mobile help with brain development and eye coordination, etc etc.
a definite must & i wish i had it for my first son.
i use it on my son's carrier daily as well as his amby* hammock bed when at home.
one of the best baby items i have ever purchased and he truly loves watching and listening to it.
oh and falling asleep to it, works like a charm in the department stores.
there is no volume control, but thankfully there is a mute button for when i need my son to look and not necessarily want to listen to it.
the songs are ncer than many of the items i had with my first son.
it's a great little gadget.
she has never liked being in the car so i really needed something to help entertain her and keep her happy.
i like that it lasts for a long time and the music is pleasant.
the clip is very strong, which is helpful.i think tiny love does a great job with their toys!
this mobile is fantastic!
also- it has two ways to attach it- a large lobster claw and also a velcro strap for those places where the claw won't fit.my little boy- 4 mo.
a lifesaver on those two hour drives to visit our relatives!
we've had it three months and used it quite frequently and still have not had to replace the batteries.a great buy!
we will be bringing it with us on some upcoming *long* travels to entertain baby.
it has simple 'friends' and doesn't overstimulate our little one.
a unique item that you won't commonly see.
it is a great on the go mobile, especially for on the road.
we love being able to hang it in her bassinet on the cover, so she can watch it.
we also love that we can take it wherever we want to go and we can keep her happy and amused.again, we love this product!
we use this mobile in the car seat and also attach it to the middle of our tiny love play gym on occasion (have never used the clip, just the velcro - works great).baby loves to watch it, keeps him entertained (nice that it has two sides for something different).4 stars because motor is a bit loud, but hardly noticeable with other background noise.
our son, now 10 weeks, absolutely loves this.
he sits underneath staring at it, talking to it and flailing around with general excitement.
the clip is easy to attach and seems very sturdy.
it clips on beautifully and is very secure, i have never seen it budge or slip as yet.
the music is great, it plays quite a variety of songs as well as plays continuosly too.
this is a great toy.
my daughter loves it!!
best purchase i made as far as entertainment goes.
it is a perfect size for travel:  not too small, and not too large.my daughter adores this mobile.
she loves the music even now at 8 months, so it's not a big deal, but tiny love (tl) could improve the color contrast or interest of the plush "guys."
three different viewing modes for the price of one.i gave it four stars due to the so-so interest on the plush toy side.in general (not affecting my review of the mobile), tl should include this "lobster" claw attachment clip with all sold-separately accessories such as the baby's first wind chimes - garden.
i highly recommend both this mobile and the chimes as a perfect pair for months 3-5...and beyond.
she loves to look at both sides (the 3 "paddles" are reversible).
), there is a mute option and the mobile keeps spinning.i use the lobster clip for her bassinet and stroller and the velcro for her carseat.
this fits our 3&#34; colgate mattress very well with plenty of room to spare.
it is a snug fit and completely covers the sides without pulling opposite side up.
excellent fit, good material and good color.
washes very well and fits the crib mattress perfectly.
i have ordered the pink geometric print twice and both times received purple and pink flowers.
very good fit, good quality and well made, color is light and crisp.
washes well and stays true to size.
definitely need a waterproof sheet underneath this sheet.
it still does the job and is soft.
however, these portable crib sheets were the perfect size!
these sheets fit the best!
second best fitting sheets would be the gerber crib sheets that you can order online from babies r us, but i'm not sure if they're going to continue making them or not because they are advertised as sheets for normal cribs, but shrink - making them the perfect size for the mini crib.
nothing extraordinary.
perfect for the price.
this size is perfect for the mini cribs at daycare.
it's also very soft & cozy for the baby.
the sheet is very nice and soft to the touch.
very good price for a quality crib sheet.
fits well to the portable crib mattress.
i tried a few different brands to fit the davinci crescent mini crib mattress, and these are a perfect fit!
these luvable friends sheets are the perfect size--even after washing--and are super soft.
i absolutely love the geometric neuter print, but i also wish they carried more solid color options such as green and yellow.
i have to say this item is very soft and fits perfectly if you have a mini crib.
great price
material is soft and fits a 6'' mini crib mattress perfectly.
very nice sheet.
washes up nicely.
nice brite color.
purchased this as a spare sheet.would highly recommend this for the mini crib.
got this for our new mini crib.
we will be getting more in other colors :)
these sheets go great with the davinci crescent 50-coil mattress!
these luvable friends sheets are perfect and super soft!!!
:)
i love the super-soft fabric, deep pockets and eye-catching polka-dot print.
the colors are bright and cheerful and they launder well.
they fit a mini crib perfectly and are nice and tight, so no bunching up.
these were perfect!
so so soft and great quality.
highly recommend!
these sheets aren't the highest quality (i.e.
they are soft, and unlike the american baby company jersey sheets they actually fit over both my mini-crib mattress and mattress pad even after washed/dried.
i highly recommend buying a few.
good fit for our 5 inch deep mini crib mattress.
soft and stretchy sheets.
we go longer between washings by using waterproof flannel lap pads (there's some kind of waterproof layer in the middle), or the larger flannel pads under our twins' heads and bottoms to help catch leaks and spit-ups.
that pad, covered with one of these sheets, is perfect for carrying wherever, setting on the floor, and putting one or both babies on it for tummy time or for a nap on their backs.
fit very nicely.
it fits well over the mattress that came with the pack n play and is very soft.
this crib sheet is soft and comfortable for a baby.
the unisex baby bear design was loved by my son and daughter-in-law for use in our (grandparent's) house when visiting with their 10 month old daughter.
it fits the  3 inch foam mattress for the graco packnplay correctly.
good quality, great price.
this is a wll made, soft, colorful pretty mattress cover, i would buy more.
i know my grandson will have many sweet dreams on this fitted sheet.
the sheet fits perfectly and is very soft.
i have the chicco rattatania (lullaby magic) and it works perfectly.
this is such a great deal!
sheet is good quality.
this fits perfectly.
fun and colorful!
high quality and very cute.
great for a baby getting into crawling, tough because it is tiny and because it will roll under anything.
simple, easy.
good quality.
bought it for my 6 month old, and she just loved it!
now she is 22 months old and still uses it sometimes as a relaxation toy, it helps her to fall asleep.
i got this for my son's first birthday and it was an instant hit.
it is very nice toy and really fun to look at it and play with it.just it doesn't keep my son's attention for very long (maybe 1 minute at most).
it fits perfectly in a little one's hand who just learned to walk.
my daughter loves to walk around holding it in her hand.
it's very well made, cute and unique.
i highly recommend it!
i love that its wood and painted with non-toxic paint cause you know how babies will put everything in their mouth.
is a bit pricey but i feel this ball will last and become a favorite soon.
it's perfect!
great toy!
he is 8 months, and it is the perfect size for his little hands.
it rolls nicely and the little heads popping out keep his attention.
i continue to change out the toys that i give our daughter to play with so this toy, like her others, seems new to her again.
this toy is both fascinating and frustrating for my child.
it is a great way to help your baby reach out and fine tune some motor skills.
on the up side it is very entertaining for him he loves it and the clacking noise it makes as he rolls it down the wood floors.
my brother and his family are a very "green" family!
they loved this gift.
they are so hard to shop for because you want it to be environmentally friendly yet still fun for the kids!
all three of my kids loved this ball as babies.
my 3 and 4 year old still find it interesting.
great for encouraging crawling!
good size for baby to pick up and explore.
my baby would have definitely put this in her mouth and choked on it.
my son (8 months) loves it.
a cheap and nice quality wood toy that encourages crawling.
it is a very small ball.
its just big enough for a baby to hold in their hands.it is all wood and painted, and it is ridiculously entertaining for some reason.
i love it because my kid loves it.
now he loves rolling it back and forth with daddy and gets a real kick out of it.
it's small and perfect for his little hands.
best part is i know it's safe so if he does happen to stick it in his mouth for a chop, i don't need to worry.
and i agree with one reviewer that the dimensions are in the description.
well, my son and i just love this ball.
it's very durable and i think the size is perfect for his hands and it makes it easy to travel with.
the straps kept slipping when we put our son in it, for some reason, we could never get the settings right to get the strap to stop slipping!
the advantages that this carrier has are the back support and the zip pockets on the front perfect for holding pacifiers, car keys, whatever.
it's also fairly easy to put on, relatively speaking.
my husband registered for this product because of the color, and the front small pocket which is perfect for a cell phone, change, chapstick.
our son loves it.
i am now able to turn our son around, facing front, and it works very well.
however, it's very gradual (happens more/faster when you're doing vigorous activities) and it's not a huge deal to tug on the straps to pull them tighter.
i also find it to be comfortable for me to wear...well, as comfortable as you can be with a baby strapped to the front of your body while you vacuum!
my 1 month old son loves this bouncer!!
a bouncy seat is high up there on the list of must-have items with a new baby, and this one does the trick really well.the vibration mode is great for soothing fussy or teeting babies, and helped our son drift off on many a nap.
the activity arch is good, although the kick-to-start mode isn't worth much.
second, if the baby does fall asleep in it, a subtle shift may trigger the music and lights, waking him/her up.
the seat cushion has been washed many times and held up well, albeit with some fading.
this is the first item we used for my infant son.
i can't speak to the other bouncers, but this one is sturdy and he is now enjoying the lights and sounds a great deal as well.
our daughter loved to sit in it and watch the lights and music play at about one month old.
this bouncer is awesome and was worth every penny.
we put our son in it the day he came home from the hospital and he has ben using it ever since (he's five months).
when he was a newborn he loved the continuous music and vibrating motion and when he was about 6-8 weeks old we started using the motion sensor feature.
our son has reflux and we have found that the vibrating motion has helped calm him down in during attacks.
the frame of the bouncer we had with our first child came apart easily, so, when traveling, we just took it apart and put it in a bag.
we put our son in this seat from the time he was a newborn.
it was the only way i got to take a shower (bring it in the bathroom and put him in it) since my son didn't sleep well.
it washes well and was easy to put together.
the vibrator feature produces a nice calming effect.
it's brightly colored and easy to assemble.
he loves making it light up and make sounds.
i could do without the pattern and colors (i think most baby stuff is kind of ugly-but i guess they dig the colors) but the important thing is it's a fun, safe place for him to play, learn (cause and effect) and nap.
this bouncer has some nice qualities.
the vibrations are nice and will put your baby to sleep easily.
my daughter absolutely loves this bouncer!
there are two settings, one with continual lights and music, the other is activated by kicking on the bottom (where their feet are).
i highly recommend this seat.
the kick & play bouncer provides a safe & stimulating place for my daughter to play!
when she is really cranky and we just can't walk with her anymore, we can put it in her and bounce her with our hands or feet to make her happy.
he was always a kicker...even in the womb and he loved this in about 5 seconds.
and as expected it has been a wonderful purchase and my son just loves this bouncer.i know that he is already 12 weeks old, so he won't be able to use this as long as if i had gotten it sooner, but my husband and i agreed that it was definately worth the price for his enjoyment and a great, safe place to put him to play.
it has been one of the most helpful baby products we own.
it is a soothing, calming chair that is especially good for babies with reflux to help them keep their tummies full.
if your baby spits up a lot, sometimes the upright position really helps.our baby loved the soothing vibrations.
this is awesome.
for this price, i think you cannot get a better deal
i received this as a baby shower gift and love it.
she loved watching the bubbles on the front toy compartment.
definitely recommend this as a must have.
i love this bouncer.
it is reasonably priced and works great.
i love the different sounds it makes and my baby loves watching the fish.
it also has a feature for responding to your baby.
great bouncy seat!!!
it has been absolutely wonderful and i could not imagine life without it.
the music is soothing and the seat is comfortable and washable.
i love how i can change the sounds or let my son turn it on by himself when he bats at a toy in the baby-activated mode.
he has fallen asleep in it on many occasions and while he's in it he's happy.
th volume control is also great because you can keep it low for yonger babies.
fisher-price also has excellent customer service.
this bouncer has been great with just a few drawbacks.
when my daughter was one month old we started putting her in this and now at nearly six months old she still finds the 'dancing fish' entertaining.
our daughter absolutely loves this bouncer!
the music, lights, ocean sounds, fish & vibrations are all great.
she coos & smiles at her fish.
we also have the aquarium in her crib & aquarium swing-highly recommended as well!
this seat is great!
i don't see how anyone lives without a bouncy seat.
and what's so special about this one is the wonderful fish-patterned seat (my son almost goes cross-eyed trying to look at it while he's on it) & the captivating activity bar.
my first daughter loved this seat and often fell asleep in it when it was on vibrate.
she also falls asleep in it often and likes the music.
the bounce part is nice to - helps to get them relaxed and asleep!
the dangling fish and seahorse aren't removable.
our son was always banging his legs into the darned things, until one day he propped a foot up on the fish and pushed -- it broke right off!
but it was an amazing asset for us for months, so i'd still consider buying it again...
i love the mellow music that this bouncer plays.
our friends told us that a bouncer was a requirement.
our daughter immediately loved it.
she loved the water sounds.
i loved it because i could put her in it in my bathroom so i could see her while i took a shower.
she is now 4 1/2 months old and has kind of out grown it now.
my daughter is now 3 months old and has fallen out of this about 4 times.
it is entertaining and fun for babies though and the battery life last a long time.
the bouncy is definitively one of my favorite things!
for the first couple of weeks we just used the vibrations to help him sleep, but he's now (at a month old) starting to watch the lights and bubbles.
a great buy, and i love having somewhere for him to nap in our living area.there are 2 battery compartments: one (takes 1 d-cell) for the vibrations and one (takes 3 d-cells) for the toy bar.
you can't change the batteries while the baby's in the seat: you have to unbuckle the cover from underneath, and use a philips screwdriver to open the hatches.
me and my son loved this bouncer, he loved watching the fish move around and it "bounces" really good compared to other bouncers on the market.
i can easily pick it up and take it around the house.if i have another child, i am definately buying this again because i think it is the best bouncer on the market.
my son loves this bouncer.
the vibration is great for soothing him and now that he's 3 months he's learning how to make the sound and bubbles go off with his own movement.
i personally find the music to be quite soothing as well =)
my baby loved this when she first sat in it.
it is very calming and now i use it for when she is sleepy.
she was still able to bend at the hips.
we still used the vibration function, but we couldn't use it as a bouncer.in it's modified state, we got around 4-5 months of use out of it.
(they hung too close to her and she got annoyed with them always swinging right in her face.)
sure, it may never happen, but if you are not comfortable with the risk, look for a different bouncer.i chose this bouncer because my sister had the exact same one.
the seat was deeper, it held her in a more reclined position, and the strap came up over her belly.
my girlfriend has this for her newborn and absolutely loves it.
her husband and a friend had to pull it back out, but still.
the one with the roller hits my son's leg when he swings it.
it will hold his attention for a while.
ours broke without warning, and now the aquarium part does not work at all.
it really sucks to see (and hear) the dissapointment on our baby's face as the aquarium suddenly stopped working!
bottom line- look elsewhere for a better quality bouncer.
folks, even if you are there supervising your infant, they can thrust themselves off the sides and get hurt.
all it takes is a second.
my daughter loves this bouncer.
i love it, my daughter loves it, and so will anyone who purchases it!
my baby has loved this bouncer from day one!
the seat, with vibrator, was also a great way to soothe him and put him to sleep on those evenings when he didn't want to go to bed.
the best toy we've received/purchased to date.
she loves the sounds and lights.
this bouncer is worthy every penny.
i mostly use it without the arch because he just likes the reclined position and the bounce.
he became interested in the sounds and the fish around 3-4 months of age.
he always enjoyed the vibrations though.
the grips on the frame are an excellent non-slip feature.
it has a three-point harness which is a nice safety feature.
excellent battery-life.
vibrant fabric which is easy to clean.
would definitely buy again and highly recommend it.
the music is very soothing.
easy clean.
she also had the cradle swing and crib aquarium, both of which are necessities.
from the time our baby was born, we haveplaced him in this bouncy seat.
i highly recommend this seatfor the first 6 to 7 months, but watch your baby closely so that he/she does not fall off the sides or backwards as baby grows.great soothing chair esp.
when we got this chair, we were finally able to put him down because it kept him elevated.he is an alert baby, and he loved to look at the lights on this chair.
he also liked the soothing music.
we now keep it on the baby activated setting and he has a great time kicking the fishies and putting his feet up on the bar.
i love that her kicking sets off the movement and music.but even without the toy bar, the bouncy is a lifesaver.
at 11 weeks old she still loves this.
i was given this bouncer as a baby shower present and my preemie son was mesmerized by the music and fish.
the other 2 sound like white noise.
this a great bouncer especially when you consider the price.
my daughter is mesmorized by the bubbles and the fish.
it is just a strap and it doesn't look that it is comfortable.
though we contacted fisher price, we ended up repairing both aspects ourselves.
however, we received a second fisher price ocean wonders aquarium bouncer and had the same issues!
there are several sets of instructions online; basically, take it apart, use a knife to remove the glue around the seal of a plug, remove the plug, fill with water/glycerin combination, use a glue gun to seal the plug back in place.
this seat was wonderful!
it has a vibrating seat option which my daughter was a huge fan of.
it also has different sound options (ocean, music).
what a hit!
the rocking motion is much more soothing than the vibrations of a bouncy.the plus of a bouncy is how mobile it is, while the swing is not so portable.update:  my son is now 6 weeks old and loves his bouncy.
now that he's able to focus on things and track them with his eyes, he loves to watch the bubbles come out of the front piece.
it's great for when i take a shower because i can keep him in sight, and he's completely entertained.i do agree with other posters that shoulder straps would make him more secure.
i love this bouncer!
i have used it for both of my kids, and, even though i had to return it three times because of a faulty vibrations switch, i never once regretted purchasing this seat!
we received this as a shower gift and have enjoyed using it with our son.
the assembly was easy with great instructions.
the fabric is bright and cheerful and very well padded.
my son weighed 7 lbs/7 oz and i have used it since his birth.
a great feature is that you can use the vibration for the seat with or without the music/sounds and lights.
it is a great soother and entertaining for our son.
that's a great feature that allows for a variety of uses.
my son has never liked this toy.
he loved it.
my daughter is 8 months old and she is still in it.
thank you fisher price!!!
this is a great purchase.
it is second to my swing in terms of its calming effect on my little one, but is certainly a worthwhile purchase.pros:-- it is easy to assemble and unlike my swing, easily portable.
i can even take it to my friends' houses or outside with me.--the water sounds, music, lights, and spinning fish have a mesmerizing effect on my little one.
i usually leave it to my son to activate them on his own.
i definitely recommend this bouncer---money well spent!
our  son enjoyed this  bouncer from day 1.
it' s  his  comfort  zone: the place where he  sits to observe, to play with  his rattles and  teethers or "talk" with his  teddy, to  soothe  himself or  have his  mid-morning  nap.
she talks to the bouncer and we think she understands that her kicking sets it off.my parents have the learning patterns rocker and she really likes that.
the music on our papasan swing(great investment, by the way!)
also, the toys are in a funny location.
this bouncer is wonderful, my daughter loves to stare at the starfish and bubbles.
the colors are vivid and the setting that turns the water bubbles and starfish on by movement is great for saving battery life especially during naps.
the vibrations are perfect and generally soothes her.there are only 2 reasons for giving it 4 stars and not 5.
the seat is also not as comfortable for infants like the papasan swing (we have the swing and she sits so snug in it without sliding).
it would also be nice if the aquarium part would remove and continue to work without being attached so we could lean it on the wall of our changing table or other places.but in all, well worth it!
i wish that there were more lights, along the sides, top, etc.
very cool--just like the fisher price baby papasan cradle swing, i wish they made a seat like this in my size.
my baby loves the vibrations (when she's in the mood) but she always loves to watch the little fishies and the water moving.
it is portable and convenient to use.
definitely recommend.
my 1st born alexander loved this seat.
my second son, nicholas is four months old doesn't like the vibrations but loves the fish and star.
he does however like being rocked in this seat and that put him to sleep.it is pretty easy to pack up.
it's louder than the music.
if you are planning on having different bouncers for each child this is good bouncer.
my two boys each enjoyed the bouncer for different reasons.
my friend had one that my son loved to watch and play with at two so when my daughter came along the durable, entertaining seat won us over.
fisher price is almost always a sure bet and a bouncy seat is used all over the house, keeping little ones in place and amused.
mine has held up well, but on theirs, the bubbles stopped working.
i love this seat.
it has held up to 2 kids so far and is in great condition for baby 3 coming very soon.the boys have seemed to be very comfortable in it, the toy bar is close enough to reach yet far enough away to 'see' as their eyes are developing.
this is a great bouncer.
my daughter loved the vibrations and watching the fish swim by.
my parent's bouncer still works after 3 kids and 4 years.
she is now 4 months old and still loves it (not recommended to use for a child that can sit up on her own).
the cover is incredibly easy to take off and wash (and great to remove for travel) and looks brand new after every wash.
we also set it on the kitchen floor so our child can be with us and watch us during meal time.
it plays different melodies, ocean sounds, and bubble sounds and you can rotate through the different sounds by the push of a button.i'm not sure if this item has been discontinued by fisher-price or not.
and when you do find it at a certain yellow smiley face reduced prices store or a well known baby superstore, it is usually not available on their websites either.
our local "yellow smiley face lowest prices always" store rarely has it in stock.
the red bull's eye store also rarely has it.
:)bottom line - this bouncer comes highly recommended and if you do your research you will find that many other parents and their children love it too!
good luck!
we figured our daughter would enjoy seeing the same fish that she sees in the swing.
the fisher price bouncer we borrowed for the first few months, had a canopy cover that went around the sides and made us feel better.
i took a chance and purchased this bouncer.
my daughter loves this!
she becomes mezmerized by the moving fish and the bubble noises.
she will babble and "ooh" and "aah" and kick her arms & legs.
the vibrate feature is nice and the seat can be easily removed for washing.
this bouncer is the best!
w orginally purchased the papsan seat and our newborn loved that but once she started focusing things with her eyes she was bored and would fuss.
i think this is a very entertaining bouncer.
the music and the bubbles are great.
they are what kept my boys amused.
it wasn't worth returning for that.
and we always seemed to be changing the batteries in the vibrator.
we have 2 daughters and have used 'bouncy seats' with both of them.
depending on the personality of your child you can use this seat until they're almost a year old.
as an extra bonus, this comes with a vibrator which will also keep them calm(er) and help them to sleep.
my son has loved this bouncer since he was just a couple of weeks old.
i love the fact that you can play music, water sounds, and wave sounds.
still, if you are noise sensitive, try it out at babies r us first.
on a positive note, it is well made.
my son is tall and big for his age and the chair seems longer than most, enabling him to stay in it longer.
he is now 5 mos and it still fits.
it kept her right there with me.
this is a great seat because it entertains whether baby is in a playful, active mood or just wants to relax and enjoy the music, fish and bubbles.
also, the chair is quite large, making it more comfortable for her than the f.p.
flutterbye dreams chair, which we also own.
i love this bouncer!
she enjoys the soft music, bubbles,vibration, and fish.
she loves to nap and play with her bouncer.
it also helps with her colic, because of the vibration.
i put our baby in this seat when i just have to get things done and dont have time to entertain her myself.
she loves to watch the fish and when she kicks, the music comes on for her.
i just strap her in and she is happy until i am done.
this really has been a wonderful addition to our home and our baby always loved this.
sometimes he would even fall asleep when i would use the vibrating feature.luca used this from about 2 months until about 9 months and i changed the batteries 3 times.i liked having the ability to change the sounds from music to water effects.
you can also switch the toy bar's lights and sounds into a continuous mode.
this is great for when your baby is younger.i was sorry when my son outgrew this because it was something he enjoyed so very much.our neighbor is now using it for their 3 month old daughter and they love it as much as we did.one final and wonderful feature of this is the ease of removing the pad the great way the fabric washes.
we are always trying to find new ways to comfort and entertain her.
this bouncer was choosen because it offered the most options and seemed will be the most pleasing and entertaining for her which is all that and more.
the soothing vibrations really do calm her down and the action of the fish and bubbles entertain her and keeps her interested for a while.
great bouncer, highly recommend.
my 3 month old son just loves this bouncer seat!
a great feature is that you can switch from music to ocean waves to rain, etc.
it's easy to pick up & move (with him in it!).
you have to use your foot or hand to jog the seat back and forth to calm the baby or to keep the baby entertained.
i don't own this bouncer...yet, but at daycare my son just loves this chair.
our daughter started using this bouncer at about 2 months.
first, she just stared at the fish and listened to the music.
gradually, she has begun playing with the swinging parts and she can make it work on the "baby" setting.
i used this seat with my baby for her first 10 weeks.
during that time she loved it, kicking the pieces to start the music and watching the fish.
this is my favorite bouncer.
the vibration feature is great to relax and lull your little one to sleep.
i especially love the variety of music and nature sounds.
the ocean wonders line is truly "wonderful"!
our little girl loves this seat.
the vibration puts her to sleep and the toys are entertaining.
we had a kidsii bouncer with our last baby and it fell apart one day ending with her flopping back on to the tile floor.
great because:my daughter loves it!
it's really colorful and looks like a lot of fun!why only 4 stars?
otherwise, excellent pick!
this is not a door you can simply open and close.
besides, it is not a gate that my kids can unlock, even my oldest.
it needs an adult hand in order to get it open, and that is important with a gate intended to keep your children safe.
very solid gate, when you press down the lock handle to set the gate up, it custom fits to the space.
definally worth the $30...i did get mine at toys r us though :)
we purchased this gate for our 17 month old.
it works great for stairways and is easy to adjust.
it is sturdy and works well.
great for people who don't want to screw things into their walls/stairways.
we finally got it to just the right positioning to get a nice secure fit while pressure mounted.
then i found this gem.
i quickly installed the pieces and it works beautifully.
we're going to purchase another one for the top of our stairs.
we have 3 big dogs and this gate works perfectly to keep them in or out.
i love that it is secured into the door frame and that it is so simple to open and close!!!
that doesn't work to well at night when i have to carry a sleeping baby to her room and i forgot to leave the gate open before i feed her.
so i have to step over it while carring her.my husband can open it with one hand because his are bigger.
once again the world of baby gates shows that they have very little grasp on how real live houses are built.
first off- its way cheaper elsewhere.
i give 2 stars since when it is hardware mounted it does swing nicely and my kids cannot figure this gate out- they have been able to figure out the other gates opening mechanisms!
this is a great option if your situation is anything like ours.
our bathroom doorway is at 28" which is the minimum width of this gate and it fits perfectly with the pressure mount system.
its also easy to take down for my husband, who is in a wheelchair.
i like the asymmetrical design; it allows me to tuck the larger part between my legs while the smaller part is wedged under my belly for extra support.
i have gotten my money's worth out of this boppy; i use it every day still.
i love this pillow!!
i bought it not knowing you can't use your own pillow with it and when i slept with it the first night, ended up kicking it out of my bed halfway through the night and returning to my old faithful boppy cuddle pillow.
i wanted to buy something bigger because i heard a lot of people raving about it, but i ended up returning the big one and coming right on back to my favorite, faithful, and comfy boppy cuddle pillow.
both have removable and washable covers....
although it continues to help me (i am 26 weeks now), and i still sleep with it, the stuffing has started to separate, especially in the part that goes between the legs.
this pillow is wonderful, so beneficial for every pregnant woman...it helps me to sleep better..
i ordered this for my daughter who is pregnant with her first child.
she absolutely loves this pillow.
i started using it again for my current pregnancy and am recalling the frustrations i had with it.
the slip cover is nice & washes well (gentle & cold).i agree with others - the stuffing separates and clumps up.
a regular, comparatively inexpensive bolster pillow combined with a small toss pillow under the belly has worked best for me!
this boppy is just the right size and you can easily move around with it.
i am sleep all night without waking up... it is great!i am 5'2"... so i guess it is perfect for me!
some people use regular pillow also but i think this particular shape makes it real comfi for a good night sleep.
it slips nicely between your legs and under the ever growing belly, right where you need the support.
i highly recommend it!
it provides an excellent elevated, angled and cozy platform for your baby to eat!
it saves my back and shoulders.
i put my feet up on an ottoman or footrest to have a bit of elevation, place the large lobe of this pillow under the breast my daughter is going to eat from, and it angles her into the breast so she can be cozy and snug while nursing and i can have my hands free.this would be a great shower gift for any gal, especially if she is going for a c-section!
it was amazing.
the small tail is perfect as a natural arm rest and the pillow is not so thick as to create a crick in the neck.
i think the smaller size of this pillow will help with that and will provide the support i need without feeling like i'm pressed against a furnace at 3 in the morning!
at first it was great and allowed me much needed sleep.
initially, it was really nice and provided good support between my legs and the larger, "belly" support section is nice and squishy and is comfortable under/against my belly.
i hope the manufacturer will improve upon this wedge by making it with a material more like memory foam, which would make it softer, but still supportive.
this is a great pillow to support the growing belly.
i love it!
i found a simple pillow does best.
this pillow is good under my belly, and it's also good under the small of my back.
the wedge is a huge help right now, and it's small and simple enough that i expect it will continue to be useful at later stages of pregnancy, too.
some of the wedge reviews mentioned a smell to the pillow, which i have not noticed, and i'm pretty sensitive to smells these days.
i love this pillow.
i am a back sleeper and switch sides a lot at night.
this allows me to switch from my left side to my ride side without adjusting the pillows.
the carex knee pillow goes great with the wedge pillow and saved from buying an enormous sleeping pillow.
it's just the right firmness and angle, unlike my regular pillows.i have not tried it under the tummy yet.
easy!
not like having a huge maternity pillow which is such a production to move around when you change sides!!
this only provides basic to support to the very side of the belly, nothing to help with the rest or the top.
i use it in addition to the boppy cuddle pillow.
it offers the support needed to allow the belly to feel supported, not strained, and relaxed.
easy to travel with if traveling late in the pregnancy and nice to take to lay on the couch at night etc!
i love them and use them everyday.
i already had a u-shaped pregnancy pillow which has been wonderful to have as well, but the boppy sealed the deal.
this has been one of my best purchases during pregnancy.
it provides great support, and doesn't take up a lot of room in bed.
normally, when i lay on my side, the baby shifts to that side, making it very uncomfortable, and this is the perfect solution.
i was going to order one of these but ended up finding one still in the package at the thrift store.
even though it has its own cover, i put the boppy in a fleece pillowcase anyway, which helps keep the wedge from sliding anywhere.
i bought it to help support my ever-growing belly during pregnancy since i had some back issues.
it's small, the foam isn't that supportive and i could never quite wedge it in such a way that it felt comfortable.
i herniated a disc in my back at week 18.
it was small enough i could stuff it in a large purse and then use it to wedge my lower back into the variety of uncomfortable seats i was in from work to dinners out.
supervise your child if you use this please!
highly recommend it for back support during your final trimester even if you aren't injured and useful for babies who spit up.
it adds just the right amout of support where you need it.
for the price, this is a good pillow.
i bought mine at 8 weeks pregnant and found it useful until the end of my second trimester.
it's great for belly support, putting behind your back, or between your legs.
it is amazing, it's small enough to have in the bed, the car or to take to the couch...it's perfect.
i also sleep with a body pillow and i put the wedge either under my belly, or i will put it under my back to keep from rolling over.
it's small and doesn't take up a lot of room.
tucking this in only a couple inches under my stomach kept me better aligned and made a huge difference in comfort.
just prop it under your tummy and it holds your tummy up.
i've noticed that the baby doesn't wake up as much or try to adjust her positioning in my tummy when i switch sides anymore.it also works well for the back.
get it early and use it often.
getting comfortable enough during pregnancy to achieve restful sleep: priceless!
we bought this for my son when he was 4 months, and he loved it from day one!
=)
we bought this for our 9 month old son (8 months old when we bought  it).
he loves his "jump and go".
this one is much easier and is also great for taking with us when we visit others.
when she tried this jumper her eyes lit up and started jumping like it was second nature.
she absolutely loves the toy in the front as well.
i absolutely recommend this.
when i see her putting her hands off to the side, where they could be smashed between the door and the bounce  i always tell her (though she is only 7 months and doesn't understand, but someday she will) that she needs to keep her hands inside the ride at all times.
but overall this toy is pretty safe if you are there to supervise and well worth the $40 to see you child bouncing away.
it is really fun watching her jump around in this.
i can see though how it is very possible for fraying to occur, but i think as long as you inspect it with each use and make sure it is secure you will be fine.
the toy bar is great.
he loves it and likes looking at his reflection.it's built backwards, if you will.
the top of the sheath (this holds the straps) over the coils is on top of the coils, which allows the jumper to be built the way it is.
for a baby, this just doesn't work.i'm giving it two stars because the toy bar is great and my son eventually figured it out.
he still loves the graco bumper jumper much better, and it even has the pads to prevent him from hurting his fingers.
your child will thank you!
my daughter loves it and i can't take her away from that jumperoo thing.
my husband also check all the parts and everything to make sure my dear daughter is safe while jumping and it's all fine.
she liked the princess look and i liked that it had handles so she could resist the urge to hold onto the sides of the toilet.
my son has been using this potty seat for over a year now.
it is cute enough and easy to clean.
the material is starting to tear in a couple of small spots to i am about to go out and purchase a new potty seat cover for him and i will look around and try a different one this time.
traing time is here....so you put this on the toilet seat..place grandson on it...he makes one and two...neatly..so well made..easy to clean...and the front guard keeps my floor dru
this item i not sturdy and is universal, which means it might fit some seats and not others.
it comes off easily from our seat.
the seat seems fine but my son was not a fan.the penis guard would scratch him.we ended up going with the price lionheart potty seat and its been great!
works fine for us.
the fit is not as good on an elongated toilet (will slide front to back), but it does still work.
but really, my 24mo son loves cars.our most frequently used potty seat is a 4yo spongebob squarepants model with no handles or a buttrest.
over all its easy to clean.
and the pee shield is wonderful, and a larger size than some i have seen which is perfect for little men that wiggle around.
i love this seat.
the features are excellent and seem to be better than the features of potty seats that look similar but are by a different manufacturer.
the bottom of the base has rubber feet that keep it nice and secure on the potty.
i love the handles which make it nice for carrying and for him to hold while he sits on the potty.
it is very cute and my son is excited to use it!
my son has been using this seat and loves it.
i think two greatest things about this potty are how soft it seat is and how good the guard is.
i will agree with some reviewers that say the guard is hard plastic but my son works around it and doesn't complain.
would definitely purchase again.
the seat is soft on little bottoms and the opening is great even for the smallest bottoms.
my son is 32 1/2 inches tall and only weighs 23 pounds.
best $12 i ever spent!
i ordered this cars seat because of the cars theme, of course, the inexpensive price, and because it had overall good reviews.
we also have a round toilet seat upstairs and it still slides about two-inches backward and forward on that seat.
oh well, lesson learned!
we are still in the introducing phase but i just love this and so does my son.
the padding is also great and my son doesn't mind sitting on the potty for a while.
great incentive for my minnie loving 2yo to use the big potty when she wasn't such a big fan of the little one anymore.
it fits perfectly on our toilet and the cushiness is nice for her little bottom too.
he loves this seat and says "go peepee on the winnie the pooh potty!"
(or "go peepee on the mcqueen potty," since we have a different one in our bathroom downstairs).
this mommy is happy!
this seat is ok.
overall, it's a great ring, especially if you need deflection.
my son is on the large size.
the guard is hard plastic & cuts into his legs leaving deep red marks.
this one will be placed on freecycle.
we got this seat when our 14 1/2 month old daughter showed a real interest in potty training.
most times we just leave it on the seat for her.
it is easily cleaned with a bleach clean up wipe.
plus it is very convenient and easy to use.
all in all, this has been an inexpensive and effective way to start potty training her.
i am using this for my 18-month old son and it works well.
highly reccommend, no need to make the first potty trips a bowl full of trama... having a familar character always helps as well.
well.
this is a good potty seat with a cute design.
it's nicely padded and made for easy cleaning.
it's light to carry and fits in the back of the stroller however it's big to fit in a diaper bag, would prefer a foldable seat to carry around.would definitely recommend it.
this works well.
she sat on it right away, however, she is timid and sensitive.
we simply took of  the red piece of plastic..in my opinion, it is hazardous!
apart from that it works fine
i have two of these seats and my son loves them.
i also love how it comes apart so you can wash it as needed.
seat works great for us!
this is a nice seat -- so comfy my 18-mo-old can use and stable enough that the 3yo also loves it.
the handles offer added security for early potty use.
oh, and it also has a hook that makes it super easy for the child to hang it up after use.
this fits our toilets perfectly.
first, the seat does not fit properly on a standard size toliet, i've tried every possible orientation.
lastly, my son hates the pee-pee shield on the front.
:(
i am quite pleased with this seat.
we got this as a second potty seat so my son would have child sized potties on both floors.
assembly is easy and the seat is very soft but the hole is significantly smaller than the other seats we have, forcing us to use the splash guard which my son doesn't like.
this potty seat nicely on the toilet and the pillow part removes easily from the plastic frame for quick cleaning.
- my kid loves it, it's easy to clean, and the splash guard is comfortable.i took off one star because yes, you do need to take it completely apart and clean it (often!)
still happy with the seat, though.
fits nicely on the toilet without slipping.
nice cushion.
great spray protector.
easy to clean.
my son loves the design.
my 4 month old son loves all of his soft, crinkle books and mommy likes that this one can attach different places so that it does not fall to the ground.
adorable pooh images and peek-a-boo windows.
it is small, not much of a "book" really, but a young baby can manipulate it easily and that's all that matters.
this is a great gift for new or expecting parents.
the teething pieces are great for little mouths and kids will love the sound the pages make.
we actually got this crinkle book as a gift from a disney set (from sam's club, i think) and our son loved it as a baby.
we just love hearing the "crinkle crinkle" from the back seat when we're out and about.
i agree with another reviewer that it's more of a toy than a book, but i still can't wait for him to be able to read it!
i highly recommend this book.
it's a simple, inexpensive teething crinkle book but my son loves it!
it has colorful bright pooh illustrations and a couple hidden surprises.
great for chewing on too so it's perfect for the teething crowd.
this one is very cute, crinkles nicely and is a good size for baby hands and mouth!
however they are not her favorite toy.
she loves touching it, flipping the soft pages and loves hearing the crinkly noise it makes.
this is her favorite toy.
we tried new batteries, which didn't help.
i exchanged it for the fisher price rainforest gym, and my son loves everythig about it and so do i...and i totally recommend it!
i love it i love it i love it!
defenitely worth the higher price!
as will the mat for naptime.
thank you!
we received this as a shower gift and have tried over the last 4 months to get our son to use it.
this gives him great exercise for reaching.
this was a great purchase.
my daughter loves this.
i love the bright colors and the textures.
the discovering water gym, however, immediately caught my eye with its vibrant colors and water-filled music box.
each flap is shaped like a different sea creature (a fish, dolphin, whale, etc) and has a cartoon picture of that animal on top and a silkscreened photo of the real animal underneath along with the name of the animal in english, french and spanish.
i just feel that this gives the mat itself an extra layer of interactivity that's missing with the other activity gym mats out there.the standard x shaped overhead arches of other gyms form a square shape (four equal-sized spaces between where the arches meet the mat) and leave the gym wide open on all sides (which, i realize, some people might love).
this combined with having one short end occupied by the water-filled music box really gives the gym a semi-enclosed feeling, like the inside of an undersea cave.
i think it makes for a wonderful spot for imaginative play, much more so than other activity gym designs i've seen.the gym itself can accommodate 12 hanging toys, although only 3 are included.
i think the selection of toys that are included isn't the best.
this is a toy best played with at eye level, unattached to the activity gym.
be warned, though - at first, it looks like you won't be able to fill it with water because the fill hole looks like one solid piece of plastic with a cover.
it's great for putting under your baby's head so she can look up at the hanging toys, and of course, it's perfect for "tummy time."
the pat mat and liftable flaps on the mat of the gym give baby some interesting things to play with and look at at floor level during tummy time, too.on a side note, i took a kick and play piano and tied it across the other "short" side of the gym (opposite where the water-filled music box is) and it's worked out wonderfully.
for all the "extras" that this gym provides, i think the added expense is well worth it.
we ordered this to use with the co-sleeper.
i like this sheet- it fits perfectly but it is rough and not soft at all.
love this sheet the velcro on the bottom is neat holds it on the mattress and then the mattress down in the bottom of the bassinet.
i returned the item and received a full return in about two weeks.
was kind of a hassle though, wish it was advertised correctly!
this sheet washes and dries well in the dryer.
our daughter sleeps on this just fine.
great sheet.
it still fits my mini co-sleeper perfectly.
i've always found putting the sheet on to be quite easy.
i like how this sheet fits the co-sleeper perfectly.
it has a great deal of velcro on the underside to ensure it stays in place.
perfect!
will return it.
its true its not the softest sheet but it is fine and after using it for 3 months it does soften in the wash over time.
this sheet fits just as snuggly as does the original sheet that came with the sleeper.
beige color very nice, neutral.
instead of the typical elastic that goes around a cradle sheet or at the corners of a crib sheet, the cosleeper sheet has specially tailored corners that conform perfectly to the shape of the cosleeper mattress.
all in all, it's worth the investment.
it fits well.
great fit for the co sleeper that i have for my son to come.
it fits perfect.
i appreciate that they have velcro in all the right spots and are designed with the cosleeper specifically in mind.
it has great suction  power and adjustable suction speeds, which makes all the difference.
this pump is great, my baby girl is 7 months old and i'm still pumping away for milk in her cereal.
i've heard also that the original is better than the advanced.
definitely recommend.
i love this pump!
otherwise it was very comfortable and easy to use.
i knew that breastmilk is especially important for preemies, so i decided to give breastfeeding a try.
i kept hearing how great the medela pump in style was, and that it was worth the hefty price tag.
i love that you can pump both breasts at once - what a time saver!unfortunately, i was only able to use the pump in style for about two weeks, as my son became lactose-intolerant and needed to be put on soy formula.
that way, you won't be out the $250 for a pump that you can't use!
i bought this after using an avent isis hand pump and taking 45 minutes to get 1 1/2 oz.pump in style works great!
it worked great!!
if you plan to breastfeed, having a pump can assist in helping your milk come in and in helping you build up an adequate supply.
the freedom it will afford you is well worth the price.
if you plan on having more than one baby you will more than get your money's worth out of the pump in style, which is a real workhorse and can take repeated daily use in stride.
it has excellent features, power to spare and travels well.i used mine for almost 2 years.
being a first time mom, i didn't know what to look for but this one was always recommended.
it works great, it is comfortable and you can adjust the speed and the vacume levels to fit your comfort level.
my son would still get precious breastmilk, and i would be able to rest.
also, dr. brown's bottles screw on right onto the pump!
the isis was great in a pinch, or for a weekend away; however, the pump in style was superior in speed and quantity.
it can also be painful especially if your nipples are cracked and bleeding.
the pump in style accommodates small and large chests alike.
small breast shields are provided as well as large breast shields for optimum suction, and comfort.
the suction is adjustable, and it's recommended that one start with the lowest of speeds.
most of the parts in the accessory kit are dishwasher safe, and can be used in a steam sterilizer as well.
if running through the dishwasher, store the valves in a basket for protection from the heating element.storingthe pump in style includes a built-in insulated compartment with zipper enclosure.
they feature measurement indicators in both milliliters, and ounces.
breast milk will remain fresh in the refrigerator for up to a week.
one may store expressed milk in a self-contained freezer for up to 4-months, and up to 1-year in a deep freezer.
never re-freeze thawed breast milk.portablethe pump in style is a working moms dream.
if storing breast milk in the refrigerator at work, be sure to mark it, as others may be tempted to flavor their coffee unknowingly.
the pump and all its parts weighs 7-lbs.
oh, and on the road pumping with the vehicle lighter adapter is available for an additional fee.
upon occasion, breast milk will leak into the tubing.
all you do is remove the tubing, and soak it in warm soapy water.
it's easy to use (i never even read the directions) and is great for building up a supply.
it was amazing.
this breastpump is a must have if you plan to return to work.
machine works well and is easy to use.
it's worth the price!
on a weekend trip, we forgot part of the pump and had to buy one.
what a great buy.
the pump, while a bit nerve-wracking to first aseemble all the pieces, hoses and containers, was very easy to use.
this is an investment, but well worth it.
this is a must-have for working mothers.
i love this pump, i just started to use this regularly when i went back to work.it's fast, easy to set up and keeps the milk nice and cold for when i get home.
defintly get this pump if you are a working mom and want to give your children the gift of breastmilk.
i used the heafty-duty-industrial pump that while i was at the hospital and this pump is just as durable and easy to use as the one in the hospital.
i have tried cheaper pumps, and i own both the medela pump in style and the ameda purely yours.
i love them both, equally, and for different reasons.the medela is a very quiet pump, and i love that it comes with the picture holder for your baby--gazing at baby really helps with the let-down.
i agree with the other moms about how quiet it is, also--i would go in a quiet office, would put the pump on the floor by the desk, and was even able to make phone calls without people hearing the pump (not with my cell phone).
we looked at this one and the advanced and i liked that you can change speed on this one when you want, which you can't on the advanced...
i love the clear plastic bottles and that it comes with a cooler so i can easily take the bottles up to the hospital and not worry about them getting warm... and it has enough room for a few of the sterile bottles from the nicu.
i would recommend this highly to anyone, especially mom's with nicu babies...
although it isn't nearly as quiet as i thought it would be, i love this pump.
holding both sides on at once can be a challenge if you're trying to say, read a magazine as well.
also being able to adjust the suction and speed makes the job much more pleasant.
it's performance.
i had to change the breastshield because i have a large breast and i found it at babies'r'us and target and a woman's work.
good quality for the price.
if you are planning to pump on a regular basis, you will really appreciate this reliable, portable pump.
admittedly, it is not as strong as the hospital-quality medela pump which i rented initially.
but with this pump, it will be about as convenient as pumping can be.
my advice is to get a magazine or book, keep it with your pump and just relax - the pump will do the rest.
(you'll have to stop every minute or so to turn pages - you will risk spilling the milk otherwise).i agree with one of the reviewers that you do have to lean forward a little bit or the milk will spill, but i think that's probably true with any pump.i think it's a great investment, because the more things you do to make breastfeeding and pumping convenient and enjoyable the more likely you will continue with it.
(my baby is nine months old and still exclusively breastfed).
good luck!
okay, well i have written many reviews today, ( i just found this niffty tool and wished i read many reviews before purchasing items) and this that this is one of the best twin strollers.
with my second set of twins i knew i wouldnt even glance at the tandems.
its looks, i know most of you wont admit that looks dont count, but subconciously i know it does!2.
what do you think a toddler/infant does with food, toys, bottles ect.
yeah right.
i love that!
a big bonus.
compact folding size.
okay face it, all double strollers are bigger than singles, but i can easily fit this stroller in the back of my suv without having to bring down the 3rd row seating.8.
this stroller can fit through a standard doorway!10.
both seats genourosly reqline!
well maybe not as well as a single but, unlike the tandem, it reqlines enough to have a sleeping baby in the seat, and still get stuff out of the basket!
just confussing...*****
we love this stroller for our twins!
i have a 22-month old, who weighs around 28 lbs., and expect our second child in three months.
our first stroller is a graco quattro tour.
it is a great, sturdy stroller with a large, easily accessible storage basket, and it maneuvers fairly well for its size, but it is quite bulky.
so i do not yet own either of these strollers, but i do have a wealth of comparisons fresh in my head, as follows:*seat recline:  they both have multi-position reclines, very easily operated with a drawstring-type cinch.
however, my toddler was perfectly happy to lean back and still seemed to get a good view of the store.
the aria twin does not recline as far back in the most reclined mode as the twin savvy does.
*seat position and cushioning:  the padding on the twin savvy's seats is thicker.
my mother-in-law, who had been there three times on her own to look at the strollers, was convinced that the aria twin was hands down the better stroller, but after seeing my son ride in both, she was ready to go with the twin savvy because she thought he looked more comfortable, despite the less upright back.
*harness:  they both have a 5-pt harness system.
the harness on the aria twin is rather intriguing: it hooks onto the back of the seat at its highest point in the back, and it easily comes off.
well, i think i want my child to feel strapped to the back of the stroller - that's the point of a 5-pt harness, right?
in retrospect, i should have tried letting my son ride in it with the harness unclipped - maybe it makes a great 3-pt alternative to the 5-pt.
on the aria twin, the two sides remove individually.
you can open it with one hand, but it is still a bit in the way when you put your child in... and it makes me wonder how long it would take for the bar to break.
*ease of folding/unfolding:  the aria twin is extremely simple to fold, and even simpler to unfold.
the twin savvy folds in thirds and has a carrying strap.
*maneuverability:  they both maneuver fairly well, but the aria twin has a slightly smoother ride.
both strollers did well, did not pull noticeably to one side.
*storage area:  the twin savvy has two tiny storage baskets, one under each seat.
i am used to being able to pop my keys and sunglasses in the storage places on my old stroller...
the twin savvy has two smaller ones - both shallower in depth and narrower in width.
the heavy-duty canvas on the aria twin is more appealing and looks stronger.we finally chose to go with the aria twin because it is just a smoother, simpler stroller to operate, and a lot of people are happy with it.
i will write a review of it once i have used it for a while.
we recently purchased this stoller to use with our two children, 11 months and 22 months.
their behavior wasn't the problem- they usually are pretty good but it was always such an immense hassle.
i find myself going out a lot more often and for longer periods because it is so much easier- the stroller is light, maneuvers wonderfully and is so easy to fold and unfold.pros:1.
fold and unfolds easily.
once i unlock the stroller, i can pick the stroller out of the trunk and snap it open one-handed.
seats recline easily.
trays can either swing open or be removed entirely.
but easily fits through doors.
foot rest- this is a nice feature.
it slides into a notch on the back of the seat.
while the fabrics seemed nicer, studier on the twin savvy i think that may also account for it being heavier.overall, this stroller is a great choice.
with the exception of a few minor aggravations, we are really happy with it.
it's a hassle to secure in place, and most times it is pretty flimsy if you can't get it's "spring locks" to lock into place.
it would probably give way if a child tried climbing, leaning, or pulling on it.not very good at all; definitely not worth the price.
super!
solution to walls that arent perfectly straight!
it is made of a soft mesh that has padding around the bars, albeit very light padding.
it's really easy to put together, and easy to take apart and wash the fabric part.
we got ours to keep our toddler out of the kitchen, where there is an extra wide entryway.
i hope they bring these back - or make more that are like this.
love it!
i purchased this gate to go in fromt of our fireplace.
i bought this gate and attached it to the molding on either side and it works perfectly.
my baby can't get into the fireplace and it blends in well with our color of marble on our fireplace.
i needed a gate that could fit the wide hall space between 2 rooms.
this item worked perfectly.
the best part was that it required no tools and minimal intelligence to build.
also, it does not require any installation into the wall, since it is a pressure fit.
my son tried to climb the gate anyway.
he couldn't grip the bar and slid right over the top, breaking his arm.
my son was 7 and my daughter 4.
well, you know kids.
she slid over the top and fell smack right on her face.thought it was a fluke the first time.
it doesn't have a latch or door that you can open and close.
and to top it off, the price is reasonable.if you have a narrower space and want a pressure-mounted gate with a door/latch, i recommend the hands-free gate for the first years.
i think for the price this is a great buy.
we have it out almost as far as it will go and it holds tight.
it is pretty easy to install, but does take some strength.
if you have a child that pulls up and puts a foot or leg over a gate then this isn't for you.
they can easily pull themselves up and put a leg over this.
overall a great buy and even though i have read reviews saying it doesn't do well fully extended ours did.
our son had reflux, so he slept in a rock and play rocker bed for the first 6 months.
we then took two rolled up towels and put them under the sheets on either side of our son.
we will slowly start to remove the towels (use smaller ones...) and then eventually remove the wedge.
it is fairly subtle in terms of lift.
so, if your child is still dealing with reflux and needs a significant incline, read the details so you know what you're getting.
it gives our baby just enough of a head lift that this mommy gets some peace of mind.pros: easy to wipe cleanfirmcons: nawould i recommend it?
my daughter has reflux and we purchased this wedge in the hopes that she'd be comfortable sleeping on her back in the crib while slightly elevated.
it sits at an angle, cuddles the child's sides, and allows you to physically rock the baby back and forth as she goes to sleep.
i bought 3 of these - one for each twin's crib, and another one for the changing table.
we tried rolling a towel and tucking it in as a "u" shape and that didn't work.
but we finally figured out a way to keep our girls in place: rolling a towel into a "y" shape and placing our girls into the "fork" of the "y".
where exactly you place the tie depends on (1) the size of your towel, and (2) the length of your kid.
the inclination is 30 degrees, perfect for the reflux's problem of my baby boy.
i recommend to the parents, wrapping the pillow, because, the pillow fabric can warm the baby's head.
did not help with baby's burping and in addition my baby kept sliding down.
also, the width is narrower than my crib mattress, so there are unsafe gaps at the sides.
if you want the added security and comfort against all the sids scares out there.....this wedge is perfect to lean the baby up just a bit.
fits well under neath the mattress pad.arrived quick!i would definitely recommend this.
i purchased this for my son and loved it.
i used it with my first son from birth and he slept great.
my 1 month old has reflux and this wedge has been a perfect compliment to his medication.
it easily fit under the ultimate crib sheet (we always keep one on top of his bed sheet) and stays in place.
i highly recommend this crib wedge if your infant needs to be upright for a bit to help alleviate reflux.
the wedge has a pretty big bump where it meets the mattress and our son just slid down the side of it.
also i like that it has two pieces (that fit very snug in the cover) also i like that if i want to take one out and fold the other half of the cover under and it can go under the sheet in our cradle and fits perfectly.
for the first few months of babies life we will be using a different sleep positioner that has velcro sides and is also elevated that fits nicely in the cradle on top of the sheet and with baby being swaddled it keeps him nice and secure between the positioner.
it is a great little invention.
the item came in two pieces with a zipper case.
if you're having issues, make sure you put in the second piece right-side up!
i bought this to help with my daughters congestion.
while it has helped with that, it does make her roll down and face plant into crib bumper since she is a side sleeper.
we put wedges on the side of her and she stays put now.
very mild incline, and comfortable.
worked nicely, and easy to insert.
we were overall happy with this.
it alleviated my baby's pain and thats what means the most.i just rolled our thick aden and anias blanket and tucked it around his feet in a u shape to keep him from sliding and it was never an issue.
i'm not sure what all the reviews about it being in two pieces, and having a zipper are about, because the one i got is in one long piece, the width of a standard crib mattress.
mine isn't like that.
it fits snugly under the fitted sheet, and allows him to lie in his crib at a slight angle, which helps if he has a cough or a lot of spit-up, and it makes me feel at ease.
easy to use, easy to travel with!
works great in crib or playpin.
it's also as wide as the crib so it fits perfectly under the crib sheet.
comes with a durable cover as well.
once inserted, it's acts as one solid cushioned pad.
my son has acid reflux and the doctor told us to prop up his bed about 30 degrees.
it was perfect for what we needed it for.
very affordable and works wonders.
it was not good for my son though.
i also use rolled up blankets to secure him in place, so he doesn't slide downwards, and it works just great.the wedge is a really sturdy piece of foam, and it almost matches the firmness of my son's crib mattress too, thecolgate classica i foam crib mattress, white, which is kind of nice.
not 100% sure if it works well yet, but for the price, i'm happy to try it out if it can do anything for my son's sleep.
this is a one-piece wedge that is ready to use right out of the box.
i did use it in our crib which seemed more secure.
we originally bought the wedge for our newborn's reflux and it was great to put in her crib and keep her elevated.
it fits perfectly under her crib sheet.
make it into a big 'u' and put it right where she sleeps.
she sleeps in the wedge, right in the middle of the 'u' shape!
amazon made the return and ease.
not sure if it is clear in the description, but this wedge has two pieces of foam and a zipper up the back.
i use this under our co-sleeper mattress and it works great.
it gives our baby the lift she needs in her crib and it is a safe height.
this works well for babies with reflux as long as they stay still.
it is a great angle and very sturdy.
i do notice it helps quite a bit.
combined with a little baby vicks on the feet, and the cough is well controlled!
its nice because it puts baby at an angle but ...this should be memory foam because instead of her fitting nicely in place with it ...
she's on meds, special formula, cereal added, we keep her upright for feedings and for an hour afterwards, etc.
our pediatrician whose son also had severe gerd basically said good luck because she's going to probably have to sleep in her swing until she's a year old.
this under the mattress is working well for us for right now.
my daughter has had gerd (acid reflux) since she was born and positioning her moses basket with phone books underneath was the temporary solution.
first is the fact that the zipper end forms a bump right in the middle of my baby's back.
second, this wedge is about one inch smaller in width than the standard crib size, which allows a small gap on the side.
fits perfectly in a pack n play.
i use a king sized pillow case to cover it and that works well for us.
it comes with two wedges which are placed inside a water-proof, zippered liner.
it's not perfect but will work.
not a huge incline, i may see how new baby does with one wedge, and possibly stack both wedges together for more incline.
i thought this mobile was very entertaining to my boy..it was a little expensive but worth the price.
this may be the best mobile i've ever seen.
the music is delighful, almost hypnotic.
my children love it.
it is gentle, soothing.
the movement of the litle animals is rythmic, and allows children to follow what is happening.
in addition, shapes fall(gently) as the mobile turns, whcih is an added delight.
the mobile is durable.
highly recommend this one
this mobile is great!
it is age appropriate, functional and not a clone of all the other "whimsical" mobiles that are out there.
this quirky one fit the bill for us.
our baby loves it!
and since the buttons are easy to press, he can turn it on himself!
we were a little concerned that our baby would have a somewhat distorted understanding of animals since the animals look so funky - definitely not the traditional old macdonald stuff!
the batteries last a long time and the volume control is another nice feature.
also, the classical music has a relatively good sound quality.this was also very durable, because even with moving the "arm" of the mobile around several times a day and my baby pulling on the animals before we moved it out of his reach, all was still well on the farm!
my baby does enjoy it very much.
it can entertain her for quite a while if she's not in a tired mood.
and this mobile came with suggestions that suggested one of the music selections for bedtime.
:)
my son loved this mobile, beginning at about 3 months old.
i recently pulled it out of storage for baby #2, and my son (now 18 months old) became very excited.
it was perfect for my needs, and it still works like a charm.
great!
eureka - instant solution in a box.
a few weeks on, now she's starting to become more aware of movement and color, she's even more fascinated by it and focuses on and tracks  different elements as they move in and out of her range of vision.
it doesn't put her to sleep but it captures her attention without overstimulating.
one of the animals looks a bit psychotic to my adult eyes, with its eyeballs pointing in different directions, but i don't think it really makes any difference to my daughter.
a great buy.
there are two settings and the lowest one is perfect.
my son absolutely loves this.
it is very stimulating and the 15 minutes of music is a nice variety.
the best mobile i have seen yet...
he's 6 months old now and he still loves it.
kicks her feet and squeals in delight.
i'm shocked that anyone would not love this mobile--it's great!
then, when we transitioned her into the crib at 3 months, she loved watching the mobile to go to sleep.
and now, at almost one year, she loves the music box (we removed the mobile at around 4 months).
i think that controlling music in her crib gives her a little sense of control, and the music is quite pleasant.
my son loves this mobile!!!
even though we took down the mobile portion, it is nice that we can still use the music box in his crib to entertain him.
the music is melodic (it's  put both of us to sleep a few times!
i totally get why babies dig it- the colors are really vivid and the animals are cute.
i will sometimes peek over her crib and she'll just be watching it, smiling and cooing at it.
i highly recommend!
wish it could work without the music as well.
this mobile isn't the loveliest to the adult eye, but my newborn adores it.
when nothing else works to entertain her, she will watch and listen to this.
we love it.
i bought these with my first and have used them for both.
i love them!
i had these 6 years ago with my first son and bought them again for my newborn.
i love that you can have the milk upright and on the top of the container is a handy milk guide.
i keep one in the fridge and one in the freezer.
i love mine.
each drawer/tray holds 6 bags (6 oz ea).
its nice that its in a bag and also in this nice sturdy plastic tray.
it keeps it from absorbing any smells from the other frozen foods2) i can organize my milk by date and i never have to go searching through a pile of milk bags.
i open the tray and pull out the oldest milk in line.
i'm always organized!
all freezer bags are inacurate with their markings because they are bags.
the best bet is to collect your milk in a marked bottle first.
the drying rack and the bottle warmer are great.
this is the first that will be going back!
i'm definitely going back to my good old container, i hope to find another use for this.
i like it a lot because the milk is contained in one area and its easy to find in the fridge.
the nail clippers are great (buy them seperatly!
our daughter is now 13 months old and the only item we use in this kit is the nail clippers.
i like this item its great to keep kids away from the oven.
works as expectedkeeps baby hands out of the kitchen knobs..fits almost any size knob...(its made of plastic - dont expect it to live forever)
easy to put on, easy to open for using your stove top knobs, and impossible for our 14 month old to remove.
these work well for our stove.
easy to open with one hand, when you need to adjust the temperature.
my kids are well behaved, but like any kid they are curious.
ultimately the kids are now old enough that they know better so they are off.they fit the knobs well, and cause issues even for an adult to use, so that stops the kids pretty well.in the end, they did their job and i'm not sure there is much out there that are better.
the first set fell victim to my slow learning curve, which i will blame on the sleep deprivation that comes with parenting small children.these attach very easily - slide of your stove knob, put the open cover over the area, slide the knob back in place and close.
they open and close easily for adults - pressure in a certain area releases the latch, and when you pull on the cover it opens, exposing the stove knob.overall, i love these.
if you're cooking with the stove top and the oven, and happen to open and close the oven door while the knob cover is open, the hinge snaps and you're down a cover.
these are very easy to use and impossible for the kids to open.
they're safe and easy to reattach in 2 seconds.
great price, east to install and has kept my kids from turning on the stove.
so far so good - highly recommend!
i have placed these stove guards on my stove, even though my knobs are located at the top of my stove.
great buy, cheap and easy to put on and use.
these are a great investment because my little one loves turning knobs, but they are very big when placed on the stove.
they are easy to handle, resistant to heat, and look...well, alien-like on my stove.
these are plastic, if you leave the oven door open for any amount of time the metal pin hinge in the cover conducts the heat from the oven and melts the hinge...
my 18 month old has yet to figure them out.
and the clear looks very nice in the kitchen and not very noticeable.
i also cut the backs of them a bit and use them over door knobs.
thank you.
i am happy that i did.the knobs couldn't be easier to install, and they are easy to open when you're using the stove (i can do it with just one hand).
if your knobs are on top, that might be different.
i love these!
easy to open for adults, hopefully will take my toddler a while to get past these.
great investment!
these are simple and easy to open when you need access to cook.
great purchase for piece of mind.
so, as it's often said, these safety products are no replacement for proper adult supervision; look after your kid and use these items only to give you a precious minute to remove your child from danger.
you see your kid playing with the knob covers, remove him/her from there.
these covers are wonderful- and give me peace of mind.
they're easy to open, sturdy plastic and easy to install.
recommended for any house who has toddlers!
the clear allows me to see what level my gas knobs are turned to.
i highly recommend these!
i bought these after my 14 month old got interested in our stove knobs and have been very happy with them so far.
highly recommended.
they fit my oven knobs very loosely so my son likes to make them spin around and around.
also a few of my knobs pull off easily.
my son just grabs hold of the covers and off they come, both knob and cover.
then it's a neat toy with the knob rattling around inside the cover.
i'm just not sure if it's worth it.
they went on with ease, and are working like a charm.
i think it was well worth the money.update:it has almost been a year and after daily use and weekly cleaning they are still hanging in there!
great purchase!
my 3 year old never figured out how to open them!
=)
these knobs are very easy to install.
once you have them in place they are easy to use as well.
i have large knobs on my stove and these are able to cover them which is great!
what you see is what you get...goes on easily, snaps open easily and prevents the little one from turning the stove knobs.
used on our gas stove.
now he can easily get them to open.
:(
these are a great, inexpensive solution to oven knob safety proofing.pros:-takes seconds to install-easy to use-  pinch to open, use knob, and easy shut-nice  looking- clear plastic allows you to see the actual knobs and isn't a huge eyesorecons:-the  knobs on our oven are pretty close together so the covers are hard to control
a lot of people have complained that these don't hold up, or that they break when you close the oven door on them.
we've found these aren't terribly useful if you leave them open, and they're very very easy to open and close.
we're on our second set, in that we have four knobs and so far have replaced three of them in 2 years.
very easy to use, very happy with them.
not a big deal.
the hinge is held on by a pin and plastic joints.
this one is by far my favorite!
i can open them with one hand.
you just press on the gray tab and pull open.
when i need to cook on the stove, i simply open one of them and turn the stove on.
they simply hang on the knob in open position.
and putting them back on is a snap.
these are awesome!
it did keep my son from accessing the knobs though.
i bought these for a friend to fit on the face of her half-sized oven.
they are easy to install and wipe easily to clean.
we couldn't use these covers because our stove knobs have to be pushed in to light the gas stove.
if you have to push your oven knobs in to turn on the stove, this will absolutely not work.
they seem to be made of pretty sturdy plastic and they shut nicely.
these knob covers work great.
they get warm, but not too warm to open to adjust the dial.
my 14 month old son goes straight for the oven when he's in the kitchen, and it's nice to see that he simply cannot get these open.
these were easy to install and work great to keep my 1 year old from turning on our gas stove!
they are easy to use and operate.
baby can't take off or manipulate, and they kinda look stylish lol...i constantly get compliments.
he has been curious since he was about 13 months old, and at two, he still has yet to turn a burner on.
also she likes to play with them by spinning them around but they still never turn our gas stove on.
they work well!
these work well.
have a ge profile where you have to push the nobs in just a little to light and these work fine.not obnoxious to open and close.
these are really easy to use and are great for the stove.
these work well.
only drawback is kind of big and our drawer hits them when we open the drawer.
these covers were the perfect solution for us and work very well.
they are easy to cook with.
with one hand you can pop open the top cover, reach inside to turn the knob and then close it again.
the knobs are a simple, non-intrusive baby proofing tool well worth the investment.
this is the only thing that i have found to easily and safely protect our oven knobs from our daughter.
i have these on our stove, they work great, my kids will play w/ them every now and then, they are 1 and have not been able to open them yet.
they are a deterant, sometimes.
there is a pro to this con - so keep reading  if she spins the button facing up, and pulls down, the covers pop right open.
easy to handle - simple push button opening.
good for keeping active baby's hands from the gas knobs on the front of our oven (whoever designed ovens with these type of knobs is not so smart!!!
haha).update 1 1/2 years later - they're still holding up!
so, i'm changing it to 5 stars because anyone who knows baby proofing stuff knows it never lasts!
i don't know if all of these knob covers are about the same size but these are pretty large and the top of the stove door hits these every time the stove is opened.
these are fabulous!
they have completely deterred my 2 year old son from playing with our oven knobs (finally!).
one of them comes open a little too easy but my son doesn't seem to notice.
great investment & they look nice too!
it's great!
after years of just being able to open my fridge freely, this is the one baby proofing device that actually gets me on a daily basis.
i agree with previous reviewers who report that this lock wears out after awhile, and it can fail if a visiting adult decides to force your fridge open.
however, it is the best lock we've found.
properly installed, it sticks fine to a standard refrigerator door and it doesn't allow any "play" in the door (meaning a toddler cannot open the door partway by yanking at it).
my 2 year old cannot open it even though he understands the general mechanism.
ours lasted about 12 months and i'm buying a second one.
this is easy to install and very easy to use.
we got this latch and it is fantastic.
it was easy to install, it's easy to use, and it is very sturdy and well built.
it does not slow you down at all when opening the fridge, and if you palce it right, the trigger to open it will fall easily to hand when you grip the handle of the door.
you can also disable to lock feature when you want to.
the adhesive used is very strong: before getting used to this lock being there, i've often given the door a good tug and the lock has always held.we have bought a lot of child safety products, and this is defintiely at the top of the heap in terms of quality.update: after over a month of use, the latch is still performing like new with no signs of wear, despite constant opening and closing of the fridge door.
i installed this latch a couple months ago on my refrigerator and it has held up great.
we often forget it's there, so it has been tugged on many times, and still holds strong.
the setup makes it easy to use with your thumb and one hand when opening the door.
the included spacers allow you to use it on a variety of doors with different spacing.
the door closes easily without any extra effort, so it does not interfere with daily use.
my son on the other hand, hates that it works that well.
(epoxy: [...])
easy to put on, easy to open with something in your hand even.
place it at the top of your fridge door on the side so your kid can't reach and you're good to go.
i have both and one and two year old who are both always trying to see what the latest goodies are in the fridge.
it can also be disengaged for normal use.
lifesaver, my friends!!
my daughter is two and loves to explore - especially the fridge.
i used this for about 3 months and at first it worked great and i was so happy to keep my toddler out of the fridge.
after some time the stickiness wore off and my toddler pulled open the door.
we are on our 4th set.
the one on my fridge is on about a half year and never moved from its place.
it slides around a bit.
but my son pees right over ones with the shield so that's not a huge minor.it's very sturdy as a potty chair.
love it!
we had a potette plus for about a year and it is a fantastic product that held up well and was perfect for both toilet seat use and stand-alone potty use outdoors.
this potty chair is awesome it is sturdy and it small enough i can fit it in my diaper bag and my kids love it if you can't get to a regular toliet bowel it works great and you can buy or make your on liners for the seat love it
this is really compact and comes with 3 bags to get you started as well as a plastic carrying bag.
you cannot open the handles all the way to use as a potty seat on a regular toilet.
it's compact enough that my daughter can use it on the floor in the backseat.
i bought this potty for my[...]when she started using the potty because it is small and portable.
but the benefit of it being so small and convenient greatly outweighs the cons!
pun intended.
she's now 2, fully pt, but will still not go near it.
beyond me.i still give it 2 stars, because it's an otherwise neat idea.
)and the fp had a higher star rating.
when clicked into place the legs are super sturdy and the potette will hold up to 50 pounds.
my daughter is 3 and weighs 36 pounds.
the pottette was the perfect solution in those situations!
it is small and lightweight, so it fits in your purse or pack, sets up quick and stays clean.
disposal of the used bags is easy because they have absorbent pads inside and you can tie them securely so that they won't make any messes until you find a trash can.
the potette has a thick plastic bag it comes in, so you can even stick the used bag inside that with the potette till you find a trash.a comparison between the fisher-price on-the-go potty and the potette:this fisher price one is big and sturdy, has it's own case, you can use plastic grocery bags or trash bags in it, etc.
and it's great for keeping in the car for "kid potty stop emergencies".
and the potette doesn't weigh anything at all while the fisher price might add an extra pound or two to your load.if you're a stick to town & always use a stroller type person, the fisher price may be great for you.
we have owned both this and the potty plus.
there are some things i really enjoyed about this potty, but out of the two i strongly prefer the potty plus.pros:*this potty is very small and easy to pack.
love the size.
*can buy small 5gal hefty bags to use in these.
easy enough that my 2 and 3 year old can set it up by themselves.cons:*though it is easy to set up, it is not always easy to lock the legs in properly.
public bathroom breaks with 2 toddlers need to be easy, fast, safe and manageable.
i also find that that though i love the size and easy of packing, this doesn't make up for my not being able to use it on a toilet seat.
its a decent potty in a pinch, but not a great staple travel potty.
we love this!
it is small and easy to carry.
and just place some paper towel inside of them.
but she is done quickly and happy that she used her 'little potty.'
i love how this seat can be used as a toilet topper, and a portable potty!
great for outdoor use, such as parks and picnics where restrooms cannot be found!
and the little legs are sturdy when snapped in place, and although not tall legs it works just fine!
and you can get a giant box of overnight napkins at the dollar store.
i bought this for my son a couple of years ago.
it's wonderful.
it will also be great for our upcoming car trip.update:my daughter is now 5 years old.
we still have this in the back of the car for those rare emergencies.
what a wonderful buy.
i bought this last year when we planned a trip to disney world.
my daughter, who was 3 at the time, was terrified of the big restroom toilets.
it is so incredibly easy to use and it keeps you out of the germy bathrooms!
it is great to have because it keeps you from stressing about where or if you will be able to find somewhere for your kids to potty or what they are gonna touch in the bathroom if you do find one!
daughter liked using it and it was nice to have it ready at a moments notice.
this item is awesome!!!
this is our second one.
inside the pot we keep a container of kandoo wipes and just leave them in the cars along with a 10 pack of refills.
folds up nice and is easy to store.
the only positive thing i've found about this one is that it is very small, light, and portable.
i bought several packs of these when our twins started walking.
i definitely won't be buying any of these now at $10 a pair.
you can put them on the outside of the door, and it will keep it from closing all the way, or on the inside and it keeps it open a bit wider.
these are tough and durable.
they're great!
these are great.
simple, straight forward, easy to use and remove when you don't want them.
easy to use and remove.
i bought these and loved them at first.
of course, i want safe fingers but i also want my doors in tact.
i will keep looking for a new solution.
this is a simple, inexpensive guarantee of finger protection.
we purchased these a few months ago when our son became very interested in opening and closing (and opening and closing .
the finger guards are unobtrusive, easy to place and remove, and durable.
they prevent finger pinches on both sides of the door/frame.
highly recommend.
genius!
these finger guards are simple to use and very effective.
it certainly stopped my toddler from closing the door, which was great.
these work great!
i love it!
the colors are very nice and the music is soothing.
it was easy to put together as well.
right out of the box, the music did not work.
we originally bought a land's end diaper bag based on recommendations from the baby bargains book.
my husband and i love this bag.
it's great for quick trips and everyday use.
the side pockets are perfect for personal stuff and baby's bottles and mom's water.
it also has the best changing pad with pockets where you can stick wipes.
we use one for baby wipes and one for anti bacterial hand wipes.
hope it works out for you.
it is comfortable to carry and provides a lot of cusion and support.
i walk too close to the stroller and keep kicking the bag, but my husband tends to walk further back and doesn't mind the bag hanging there.the insulated compartment works okay, i always put a cold pack in with a 4 oz.
the changing mat is nice, as is having it's own compartment.
it has a small plastic handle at the top for lifting and carrying the bag, which i find very useful.
the shoulder straps each have small strips of canvas with snaps to attach the backpack to a stroller.
this may be to allow my skin to breathe, but i find that my lower back sweats and my shirt is wet after carrying the bag for a couple of hours in 65 to 75 degree weather.the backpack has a large main pocket with zippers that come from each side of the base (like most backpacks) so that it can be opened just a bit at the top or all the way.
this main compartment has three pockets along its sides.
they have elastic at the top to help keep items in it.
the pocket at the back is tall and i usually put five size 6 diapers, a wipes case and three jars of baby food in it.
there is also a vertical zipper on one side of the main pocket to allow quick access to what is inside.
it has a couple of netted pockets and a small plastic pocket inside.
this small pocket has a picture of a pacifier next to it so i think that's what it was intended for, but it fits my cell phone perfectly.
the larger netted pockets are perfect for sunscreen, antibacterial lotion, tissues and other small items.
there is also a small sleeve-type pocket on the front of the backpack.
for that purpose, they are a very good basic and they fit our larger contoured changing pad well.
it is compact, but the design is not perfect.
sometime i still used the separator for separate different kind of snack (cherrios and puffs).
this is great for moms and dads on the go.
now when am going out with my son he can have safe feedings.i just need water and my dispenser filled and we can hit the road.and when he out grows it it's his snack cup.
love it!
highly recommend!
it holds three portions, has a minimal footprint, and is easy to use.
i simply turn the cap to the edge of the compartment i want to dispense formula from, turn it over, give it a few gentle taps, and that's it.
as long as you align the &#34;spout&#34; with the inner edge of the compartment, there's no issues dispensing the formula into the bottle.one of my friends stopped by with her baby son and got out of her diaper bag a huge multi-level formula dispenser.
what a lifesaver in the middle of the night and for diaper bag use.
it also allows you to work one handed.
it's a small addition that makes life easier.
i bought it keep several feeding of milk powder when my son goes to childcare.
it is compact, but the design is not perfect.
i'm pretty fond of all avent products and this doesn't disappoint.
now that our baby is a bit bigger it's also good as a snack carrier (cheerios and the like) -- it's great to stretch out the usefulness of a baby product!
i love that this one the formula doesn't mix in the other compartments!
i also love that it comes out and can be used just as a tupperware for snacks etc.
but it works great no leaks and the top stays pretty tight.
we just spent a few days at disneyland and this container was great for bringing snacks with us.
we were able to use the divider and put 2 different kinds of puffs + 1 kind of yogurt drops.
worked perfectly.
lid stays on.
great container!
i love this dispenser.
it is bpa free which is so important.
it has a great, tight seal on the lid as well.
the good?
i bought this to have for formula/snack storage, and it works great.
it also comes apart for easier washing and holds up great to the sani cycle on the dishwasher.
my mother in law discovered these and i thank her.
this keeps the powder formula in it's section and when baby is old you can take the divider out and use as a snack cup for like cheerios.
works really well!
easy to use.
easy to clean.
the top is nice and secure so i'm not afraid it will spill.
very happy with my purchase.
there are three components: a clear outer container, light blue insert with three sections for formula, and a light blue lid.
although there are other brands of products like these, i prefer avent and this is definitely an item that is a must in my diaper bag.
i have tried just about every one of these and this one is by far the best one that i like.
the cap seals really well and it is easy to load and dispense.
i love this "snack cup".
it's the perfect size.
my second buy, i love phillips avent products, theare a great brand, i use bottles, nipples,  cups, pacifiers and more.this i have one for snacks and other for formula.
worth of formula (standard for the uk), so i can easily fit 8 oz.
worth of formula in each section.
if you are using the container with the divider for formula, the lid does not easily rotate to a new, full chamber.
this 2 in 1 cup is perfect.
it's very well made and i use it still.
it's very light and fluffy so spills go everywhere.
we got aphilips avent formula bpa-free dispenser/snack cupand i think it's excellent quality and wonderful, the dividers do not "leak" into each other at all since it's one piece mold, and you can just take it out if you want to use for snacks, it's a must have.
plus if i have sports powdered mixes, etc i can use these as well for myself.
the best way to pour it into your cup or baby bottle ( from experience ) is to pinch it at the ziplock seam, open it so that the left corner is touching the right corner, and pour it out.
don't buy the cheaper ones, their dividers suck and the lid is iffy.
this is the one that works best.
also, the best way to pour it out and get it all out quick and fast is to line up the hole with the bottle and shake side to side rapidly.
hope this helps.
never had any problems like spilling; easy to use :)
i own this dispenser and thesassy baby powdered formula dispenser, multiple colorsand i must say i love this one much better.the top spins really nicely and it stays closed.
and it cleans up super nice.
it's a travel size and it's easy to use.
perfect milk powder container especially when traveling or out and about with our baby.
just be careful in making sure that the inner container with partitions is aligned properly inside the blue container so that the lid can be closed tight.
i like this one and price is right.
the cap closes perfectly.
i tried mymother's milkmate mother's milkmate bottle packcontainers and i love them!
large enough opening to easily get the milk/cereal in and out of the container.
the twist lids made contents very secure for both liquid and dry.
love this dispenser.
it's very user friendly.
(2) removable divider converts this item for different uses.
right now, we use this (sans dividers) as container for clean pacifiers when we're on the road.
i keep dirty/used pacifiers in zip top bags.
not the best dispenser but it is a nice to have it in the diaper bag.
it's also great as a snack cup, when the divider is removed.
you can throw it in the dishwasher to clean it, and you're ready to use it again.
this one of the most useful baby products out there.
it keeps all those bath toys together.
made of sturdy plastic and mesh, with strong suction cups.
it is large enough to hold all of my son's various bath toys and foam letters.
this is just great!
it has a cute little fish theme.
we have the matching ocean wonders bathroom space saver as well.
highly recommended!!
we are quite pleased with this bathtub toy cubby.
it holds a lot of toys and the top is wide open for easy access.
it stays attached much better than our previous one.
it's not perfect but it's the best one i've found so far.
the suction cups won't stick to the formica around our tub.
my one year old son and i share a shower/bathtub.
i absolutely recommend it.
my last brush lasted about a year.
very pleased with this purchase.
love these brushes.
they're a perfect to the blue inserts that go in dr. brown's bottles.
clean very well.
good price for the 4 pack.
simple and does the trick.
the bristles also come apart after a few uses.
i've had the avent since my first child (2008) and the sippy stuff since 2009 and both held up really well over the years.
i've decided to count this purchase as a loss and buy the ss brush that i'm used to.
i give the dr brown brush 2 stars and not 1 because it works if you are looking for something more disposable.
it is small enough to clean the tubes and works well.
these are essential for the dr. brown's bottle sets but we keep some on hand even now that we are beyond the bottle stage because they work great for cleaning sippy cups and pastry tips and other misc items.
the old one didn't clean well as these new updated one.
it cleans very well in all small areas!
great little brush for a great little price.
i ordered two (2) set of bottles (two 4oz bottles and two 8oz bottles), each set came with one natural flow cleaning brush in them.
i would have bought pipe cleaners but i didnt want to take a chance of putting something that shouldnt be near my babies mouth on a piece that feeds him.
we purchased these to use as cleaners for our sippy cup straws.
they work perfectly to clean all different size straws.
perfect, cleans all of the formula out for a clean bottle.
good price, good quantity.
thanks!
for "full time" use , one will last 2-3 weeks.
it's easier and quicker to be able from using just one end of the straw to get it all clean and with these you have to use both ends.
for bottles and other things they are great.
there are so many pieces to the bottle that you need these brushes to help clean them.
this item is perfect for cleaning the small holes of the dr brown bottles.
this is a must buy if you want to keep your bottles clean for your baby!
these little brushes are fantastic!
we used them for the dr. brown's bottles and then kept on using them for sippy cups and especially the straws for straw cups.
they fit inside perfectly and clean out all the gunk in case you forget to rinse them immediately.
the dr. brown's bottles come with a cleaner but its nice to have extras on hand in case one is lost.
these cleaners work well at cleaning all the parts that come with the bottles.
these brushes are great for hand washing medela pump parts, reusable straws, and water bottles with small nooks and crannies.
according recommendation for all my friends that have babies...
it's the best brand to our babies...
i love these handy straw cleaners and it's little loop at the end so i can hang it from my dish drying "s" hook.
this item works well.
these are great.
we've been using them for 4 years to clean out dr. brown bottle pieces as well as any other cup that has a straw.
this small brushes work perfect for cleaning quite a few things around the house.
great for the small hard to get places.
i bought these to use to clean the toddler straw cups we use for our son.
these bottles really are great for keeping gas and reflux to a minimum, but boy are the a pain to clean.
great price and arrived faster then i expected.
really happy with my cleaning brushes!
great price and they keep all my straws clean!
i also use them to clean the tips of nipples where the bottle brush doesn't always get to.
these are prefect for pretty much all sippy cup straws and it's the best deal with four brushes in a pack.
i bought this to clean my son's straw sippy cups.
they are perfect, i just wish they were a tad longer.
i wish i would've bought these right away when buying the dr. brown's bottles.
for those small little areas in the dr. brown's bottles, these brushes are perfect!
we use the sippy cups with straws & this cleans them out very well.
nice and cheap & durable.
one pack lasts about 6 weeks.
these are perfect for cleaning sippy cup straws, especially the yucky milk residue that builds up in them.
i got these when my daughter was dr.brown's bottles and they were wonderful to clean them with and also found them good to clean her nuby sippy cups with because when those plastic straws gets dirty or gunky, they are a pain to clean  and these fit perfectly, i will continue to but these for both purposes!
they clean well; they are just a bit hard to grip and bend easily.
i don't think i ever used these for our dr. brown's bottles, but i use them every day to clean the straws in our playtex sippy cups.
they're the only ones small enough to really clean the valves well and the quality has been excellent.
they are a bit flimsy, but they're small, so i expect them to be somewhat easy to bend.
this helps in cleaning the vacuum of the dr. brown's bottles.
they are longer than the ones that come with the bottles, great!
but inside the dr browns bottles is basically a straw like tube so that's what they are intended for.
these are great - i use them for cleaning dr. brown's and born free nipples, as well as in the smaller areas of my breast pump accessories.
good buy.
you can get brushes sort of like these at a hardware store, but the dr. brown's are made out of materials designed to be touching food containers.
we have several different brands of straw sippys (munchkin, playtex, gerber/nuk, take-n-toss) and it works great for all of them.
i highly recommend them.
these are great brushes to clean not only the dr. brown bottle parts but other baby items like breast pump parts.
these work great.
these brushes are perfect for getting into the small spaces of my medela breast pump pieces (the little channels inside the elbow-shaped piece, and the yellow piece that the valve flap goes onto).
i've used them for over a year to clean the pump pieces, and i also use them on bottle nipples.
they're also a perfect size for cleaning reusable straws.
these tiny brushes work well on the dry horn to clean that out and as wet to help me clean the horns by hand.
i breastfed my son so i didn't use these for his bottles, but i did use them to clean his straw cups.
thanks to these brushes, i've been able to keep my favorites in great condition and not worry about what might be growing in the straw.
i recommend these to everyone i know with kids.
they've also made an inexpensive and useful gift!
they are the perfect size for cleaning the nosefrida parts and tubing, breast pump valves and membranes and sippy cup straws.
best of all, these do not rust easily.
2 packages of these later and we're in shape.
great for cleaning all the little pieces and useful for sippy cups with straws too- bottle brushes never can clean those.
we have the playtex insulated sippy cups and these brushes are a perfect fit!they we throw the sippys in the dishwasher, this brush set is a great price\and does its just perfectly, highly recommend, to every mom!
if you use dr brown bottles you know you need these and they wear out so its good to have extra, it does its job lol
particularly when you have numerous bottles, sippy cups, straws, and small nooks everyone - these are great and really help with hard to clean places.
i use it as a straw ans sippy cup spout cleaner, works well since it can bend in any which way.
happy with the buy
i use these for more than just the bottles.
great little cleaning brushes for multiple uses.
i picked these up at a local babies-r-us - cheap and perfect for cleaning all the nooks and crannys of kid's cups and bottles.
i bought these to wash the small crevices ofmedela personal fit breastsheild connectors - medela 87071.
this cleaning brush is just the right size to fit into the small openings of the connectors.
i give it 4 instead of 5 stars because there is a small metal loop at the top that can get caught and stuck sometimes when i'm washing the crevices.
and these are the only caps that fit evenflo glass bottles perfectly.
i also like storing the milk in the fridge with these caps.
i used these with evenflo and medela bottles for storing and freezing pumped breastmilk.
they worked great!
these caps fit the different material bottles differently.
they do work well to keep water int the bottles while traveling though.
very convenient.
these caps were the perfect solution.
rather than both a collar and a disk to keep account of, these are just a solid cap that you can use on any standard threaded bottle and then replace with a nipple when you want to use the contents.
that way, i dont have to use the nipple and cap.
it's perfect for on the go.
no milk seeps out the sides when shaking.
i wash them in the top compartment of the oxo tot dishwasher basket to keep them from flipping around and collecting water.
these are a must with the dr. brown bottle system.
these caps are great for mixing formula in the bottle, and also for storing formula or  breastmilk in the refrigerator.
these fit their plastic bottles.
these are very useful for the dr. brown bottles.
you will definitely need these for the bottles if you plan on making bottles ahead of time, travel, or even storage in the fridge.
these caps are great for making and shaking formula in dr. brown's standard bottles.
these are a must for dr. brown's bottle owners!
i love these lids.
i didn't like using the caps with the rings because they always leaked.
these fit perfectly on my glass evenflo bottles.
i am glad i stumbled upon these for my dr. brown's bottles.
my daughter strongly prefers the dr. brown's bottles and i often pump from my medela pump directly into them.
this allows me to do this and store the milk in the fridge before it is ready to use.
using the travel caps and keeping the nipple/cap/vent apparatus in a separate baggy until ready to use prevents that.
also works with even flo travel containers.
good to use to store breast milk in fridge and als for transporting
i bought these caps as replacements for dr. browns and simplesse bottles.
we still use the bottles/caps 3 years later to store milk for cereal for lunches, pack granola, etc.
they seal well, are well made and hold up for years.
works fine, & fits without leaking.
great price, and very handy for travel.
i use these for my 4oz and my 8oz glass dr. brown's bottles.i find that when i use the travel disc, the bottles still tend to leak.
if kiddo doesn't finish the bottle, then the straw/nipple/etc can go back into the ziploc and the travel cap can go back on.i think that this is a must-have if you have dr. brown bottles!
we used these with evenflow glass bottles, both 4 and 8oz, and they work really great.
also used them with dr. brown's bottles.
that being said, they are wonderful for storage in your fridge or other place where you know they won't tip over.
these work great with the regular and the glass standard sized dr. browns bottles.
before i used the medela caps and carrying my pumped breastmilk from work and to the babysitter spilt a lil each day.
these are well worth the investment and go on our dr brown medela and gerber bottles.
i will note that i am skeptical that they are actually &#34;dr. brown's&#34; because they feel a bit cheaper and look different than the dr. brown's caps that came with my bottle set.
i take bottles with us all the time and found that these caps are great.
these caps are much easier to deal with -- just bring the bottle parts with me and put them in when the baby is ready to eat.
we also find that it is easier to warm up the bottles with these caps instead of the bottle fully assembled.
well.
they're great for when i use the larger dr browns bottles for milk storage in the fridge.
i also plan to use them to keep bottles fully closed when traveling.
i'd highly recommend them.
will fit a standard sized bottle.
seals well and fits tightly.
super good!
recommend for sure!
i bought several packs so i can use them daily and also wash them in the dishwasher basket that dr brown sells.
dr. brown's natural flow standard storage travel caps fit well on my even-flo bottles and are very sturdy.
the form a nice seal and i have had no leaks with them while transporting breastmilk.
i use these with evenflo, dr. browns and medela.
they work well.
these travel caps are great.
these caps solved both of these issues
fits perfect with dr. brown bottles and other regular width bottles as well such as ameda storage bottles.
they fit both the ameda and medela pump bottles.
they're great for when you want a lid that's just a lid (no pop-out for a nipple).
they fit on my ameda and evenflo bottles.
they fit on my medela glass and plastic bottles and are dishwasher safe.
excellent for back up and it fit nicely with other bottles.
i use the dr. brown's steam sterilizer.
when you need to pack bottles for travel these are perfect and definitely serve their purpose.
very pleased.
however, these caps are perfect!
these fit our dr. brown's bottles perfectly (note, these aren't for the wide necks!)
when you take the pieces of out of the bottle (the blue valve and top rubber piece), and you put this cap on, it doesn't leak.
so happy we brought these for traveling.
these seem like a minor thing in the world of baby gear, but they make pumped milk storage a step more convenient.
they work great instead of the ones with the cap under the ring.
these work as you'd expect.
these travel caps are a perfect fit for evenlflo classic glass bottles.
for our purposes, these are significantly cheaper and less fiddly than the evenflo cap rings & sealing disks.highly recommend!
these are a must if you use dr brown's bottles on the go.
great but i dont really see the point good for dr.b`s bottles like all others ive tryed.
imo, the best bottles on the market!
i ordered these for my dr. browns bottles and they are great for them...
the fit fine and work great.
these travel caps are great, i usually fill up all of my son's bottles with filtered water at the beginning of the day and cap them, leaving the other assembled accessories next to them for a quick bottle prep.
perfect when baby is still drinking a lot of milk from bottles and you have to travel a lot.
good value.
these fit perfectly on evenflo standard-neck glass bottles.
as a working mom who pumps, i transport milk daily.
definitely a necessity for anyone transporting milk.
would be great.
for traveling as well.
if you use dr. brown's bottles, these are a must-have.
we use these caps when we have to travel with liquid formula & keep the parts handy in a plastic zipper baggy.
i don't use dr. brown's bottle but these fit other brands well.
they also fit on some 5oz evenflo storage bottles (don't like having to clean the two piece lid that came with those).
the caps close very tight and deep.
and it is a good material.
these caps are a must have if you have the dr. brown's bottles.
i found that these caps also fit the ameda bottles which make my life easier for transporting after pumping.
perfect for shaking the formula if you're out and about.
i use the dr. brown's pitcher at home which is awesome.
they work great.
they fit our bottles (gumdrops and gerbers) perfect and i've never had any leaks.
frankly, you either have to deal with the travel disc or deal with carrying the many extra pieces of the dr. brown's bottles and putting them in when you're ready to use the bottle.
either way, it's kind of a pain, but these do effectively cap off the bottles and prevent leaking.
these travel caps are perfect for bottles on the go.
a great buy if you have medela kits.
it turns out it works well as caps for my medela pump bottles as well!
they serve multiple uses.
these reservoirs work great at helping with the proper air flow while baby drinks so replacing the melted one was a necessity.
great product and highly recommended.
i appreciate that they sell the parts!
can't say if the bottles helps with nutrient retention like it claims.
i am glad that dr. brown's sells pieces to replace bottle parts.
besides color this is the same piece as the original bottle.
these are for the *tall* bottles, and are blue like the reservoirs that come with the original bottles.
be sure to use the dr. brown's cleaning brush in the stem part... these and the inserts can grow loads of germy funk if you don't.
good replacement part.
they work great, haven't had any issues with them at all.
this was a great value (especially through amazon mom).
they fit perfectly with both my old and new dr. brown bottles.
i read a lot of reviews before buying this diaper-wipes warmer, and i'm glad i did.
it keeps the wipes warm, moist, and comfy.
our baby loves it, and it makes changing her diaper much easier when she is mellow and happy.if you have a very cold house, this warmer might not be warm enough, but it's still bound to be better for your baby than room temperature wipes.
now that it's june, it's not as necessary, but we still use it and our baby still prefers warm wipes to cold.the window that lets you see how many wipes are left gets condensation and fogs up, so you can't really see how many wipes are left (also wipes are white against a white background, so it's hard to see regardless), but i am still giving the product 5 stars, because it is rare that something so affordable will bring so much happiness to your newborn baby!
after my son was born he hated diaper changes (the winter weather didn't help with the coldness of the wipe).
i purchased this and now he doesn't scream.by the time you pull the wipe out and use it, the wipe is no longer warm but it does stay at room temperature.
i gave it four stars b/c the top wipe is usually dry and the light is more of a feature to locate to warmer, it doesn't give off light like a nightlight.
otherwise, i'd say this is well worth getting, especially for the winter.
this one works much better.
it actually keeps the wipes warm and is easy to use.
the light can be handy although we dont use it much.
if you choose to get one, this wipe warmer is great!
this also ensures that the next wipe (the one on top) will be the warmest...that makes sense!
besides, this model doesn't cost any more than the one without a night light.when we are out, obviously my baby gets treated with cold wipes, but at home we always change her in her nursery with warm ones.
i keep my warmer by the changing pad, and i always have very warm, moist wipes to tend to my baby...just like a gentle wash-cloth!
i feel much better wiping down my baby's little bottom with a nice warm wipe.
definitely not a necessity but a small luxury for the bebe.
i especially love this warmer for the middle of the night changes.
cold wipes are shocking to the baby's skin and cause a lot of upset.
these warm wipes are soothing and not shocking.follow the instructions and add 1/2 cup of water over the wipes each time you fill the warmer.
the nightlight does not show much light, but does the job.
that keeps everything moist and works well.
my little girl cries less with the warm wipes than before with the cold ones on her bottom.
:)
this warmer is great.
it warms from the top which is a good feature.
the wipes stay perfectly wet with no water added.
i didn't use a warmer with my daughter and my son is now 3 months old.
worth the cost!!
i brought it back right away.
it was used religiously up to the point of moving.
;)  yes, it's wonderful to wipe her little bottom with a warm wipe, but this isn't a much needed product.
it says right in the booklet that after you put the wipes in the warmer you have to add a 1/2 a cup of water  over the top of the wipes and turn on the light and wait for it to warm the wipes.
make sure that you close the top of the machine when you are not using the warmer to keep the most recent wipe warm and moist.
this would be nice for warming wipes, however it always dries them, especially toward the top.
this bottle system is wonderful.
they're wonderful!
bisphenol a (bpa) free and phthalate free.
i have used these bottles for my three kids and love them!
the ones in the picture are awe-some!
the lids that cover the nipples don't stay on worth crap, they don't snap on tight and slip right off.
i have used these bottles with 6 kids of my own now and several that i have watched over the years.
i have always thought they were great and the kids loved them too.
the baby gets bestmilk and even occasionally formula in these bottles and both must b thickened with rice cereal for her to keep it down.
and she has no trouble switching between bottle and breast which is a real plus.i highly recomend using these bottle if you breast feed or if your baby has reflux or other tummy troubles.
these are amazing bottles, and work well.
the already sterilized bottle liners that you buy at the store make the clean up nice and easy.
your baby will suck in less air with these bottles, one of my favorite bottles, and the babys' as well.
i'm a big fan of playtex 3 pack baby drop ins.
because of this system, the bottle lining is always sterile.
this bottle is excellent in producing less gas.
the nipple is so wide at the top that my son kept getting a blister on his top lip.
to start, let me give one suggestion: don't use these as a regular bottle alternative, only because the cost of the drop-ins isn't worth it.
this is very nice gift for any mom--even one who plans to breast feed.
each bottle is 8 oz--a very convenient size.
these bottles are just okay.
these bottles are relatively easy to use once you've been using them for a couple of weeks.
however, if you are hoping that these bottles will reduce spit-up, they may not (they didn't for my son).
and, if you do not have strong grip strength, then you will have difficultly opening these bottles, especially for the first few times you use them.
they are highly recommended by lactation consultants i've met with and true to form they delivered like a charm.
moving from slow, to medium, to fast nipples over the months was very intuitive as well.
she still has reflux, i think always will, but the gas is only occasional now.
it only takes a minute or two to warm up.
then drop the liner in the bottle and you're ready to feed.my favorite nurser bottles are ez feed with the slider to get the  air out.
also easy to travel with.
in our search for the perfect bottle we triedsimilac simplysmart starter set,gerber first essential 3 pack clear view bpa free plastic nurser with latex nipple, 5 ounce, colors may varyand these platex drop-ins.
my daughter absolutely loves these bottles and she is breastfed.
they are very easy to use and you don't have to scrub the insides with a brush.
they are dishwasher safe and you can use a bottle sterilizer as well.
these bottles do reducegas and the latch nipples also reduce the flow.the lids are not open-proof; you can easily remove them and they can be used with related bottles with a ring, nipple and lid.
as for liners, you can use any liners and expect good results.
as first-time parents, we wanted nothing but the best for her.
these bottles are just about perfect.
these are so convenient.
the nipples actually imitate breast feeding and make it so easy for moms who want to bottle feed.
the liners provide a fresh sterilized bottle and collapses as it is emptied.
the disposable liners collapse to keep air from mixing with the milk and this reduces colic.
i loved these bottles for the first month i had my daughter.
easy peasy.
so simple!
i have tried several different kinds of bottles and this is by far my favorite.
my son will use these as well as the ventair natural bottles, but these seem to give him less air therefore less spit-up.
they're the easiest to put together as well.
we will start to use them again when she gets a little older and is closer to drinking 4oz.overall, i am still happy with these, regardless of the morning fiasco.
the different colors help with labeling (milk, juice, water).
on a minor note, i do wish that they would make these in gender neutral colors.
these bottles are awesome!
my daughter likes her milk warm, so the dropins make it so easy to heat it up fast.
plus, you can feel secure that your baby is always drinking out of a sterilized bottle.
wonderful bottle for breast or bottle fed babies.
sometimes it's just not feasible to sterilize the baby's bottles when visiting relatives and friends.
we still prefer to use unlinedplaytex 3 pack bpa free ventaire wide bottles, 9 ounceat home.
i love these bottles.
very very cute bottle but it has a huge flaw.
this nurser shrunk like a shrinky-dink!
playtex 4 ounce drop in bottles are still a great idea.
the nipple shape makes these a very good choice for breast feeding moms.the bottles are comfortable for parents to hold, a real plus at 2 am.the toss away liners are wonderful for traveling, much simpler to pack than multiple bottles.and to top it off, the designs on the bottles in this 3 pack are really cute!
this would be a great baby shower gift!
and the nipples do not fit well in my dishwasher basket.
these are small things, but when you deal with them several times a day it can get annoying.what does my 5 week old son think of these bottles?
well, this was the first nipple he was ever introduced to, and he seemed to like it at first.
however, still works fine so kept it.
not worth the trouble to return it.
i started pumping at 4 weeks & she took to these bottles right away (first the 4 oz size & now this size bottle at 6 months).
i did have one defunct nipple (no hole), but i called playtex and they sent me a couple that covered the cost of replacement nipples-playtex has great customer service!amazon usually has some of the best prices on playtex bottle liners.
the product seems durable, and a neighbor of mine also uses these very ones with great success!
the bottles themselves are very nice and attractive, and i think the set is a great price!
the playtex drop-ins 8 ounce bottle system nurser with slow flow nipple is for ages 0-3 months.
these bottles mimic breastfeeding and reduce gas and colic because the pre-sterilized disposable liners keep air out.this 3-bottle pack nurser system was really designed to help the baby switch between breast and bottle.
the slow flow nipple replicates the natural flow of the breast so that the baby takes in the right amount.
so if this will be a gift you might want to buy a box of liners and offer both as a gift.
great addition to the bottle fed baby.
we love the drop ins since it makes making bottles easier.my set was girl sthemed.
pink ring with butterflies and stars, and yellow duckies, so so cute.
these bottles are wonderful!!!
our daughter has reflux, and the silicone slow-flow natural latch nipples work well for her.
the premium lids are a major improvement-they're easy to pop on and off one-handed, unlike the original lids that you have to pry off with your fingernails.
you can interchange all the parts from both systems (use any holder with any ring with any nipple with any lid), but i think the premiums are much better.
i love these bottles and my both my boys did great with them.
love these bottles.
they don't fit into the bottom of the bottle, roll everywhere, and are clear so good luck finding where they roll.
my wife and i chose this playtex feeding system for our first child.
this is an incredibly flawed system.
and!
steer clear of the for your own sanity.
do yourself a favor and get these playtex bottles to begin with.
i am so happy i switched.
we've been using these with our month old son's formula and they're a breeze.
all in all we're happy with the set.
i am having a boy and ended up with pink bottles.
not a huge deal its still a bottle and can be used.
we have tried all kinds of bottles like avent, gerber (which our sons also liked), munchkin triflow, dr browns (way too many parts to clean), and playtex amongst others.
i absolutley love the playtex nurser bottles.
easy to use, easy to clean, my daughter loves them.
the liners are easy to drop in and fill.
the nipples simulate a natural nipple.
i believe these nursers are a good way to transition the baby from breast feeding to using a bottle.
highly recommended!
i love playtex bottles, because baby doesn't get air bubbles, the liners are clean, and the nipples mimic breastfeeding.
i would highly recommend for moms who want to continue to nurse and offer breast milk in a bottle.
very good system.
this means that i'm going to showers constantly.
this set, although not as cutesie, works very well.
a fresh sterile liner is used each time.
there is certainly less air than regular bottles, are inexpensive, come in a variety of sizes and most children appear to adapt well to them.i would definitely suggest these to a new mom, with the following percautions... if your child has extreme issues, then dr. brown is going to be the best.
the bottles themselves are built solid the walls appear thick and it takes a lot of pressure to bend them.
if you get these you must use the drop in liners, the bottles of a hole near the top of each one so if you didn't use the liner the liquid would pour out.the concept of the drop in is pretty intelligent as it makes the clean up process much easier.
simply open the bottle, drop in a liner/milk and put the lid back on.
clean up is a breeze, reverse the process and throw away the liner, wash the nipple and lid parts and you are good to go.the set comes boxes nicely, could easily be given to someone as a baby shower gift without looking tacky.
i used these bottles exclusively with my first two children, and loved them.
i like that these bottles are easy to use; there are not a lot of parts that need to be washed and put together.
the drop in liners are nice, as you just throw them away after each use, ensuring a clean bottle.
the liners also allow you to push out any excess air, which helps reduce the amount of bubbles in your baby's tummy.
but overall, i am pleased with these bottles.
playtex original nurser newborn gift set (assorted colors)is a great way to get started with introducing your baby to the bottle, especially if you are nursing.
this package of bottles is the perfect complement to the newborn package.the reason is that first of all, they're larger.
we've used dr. browns and born free, and have been mostly happy with both.
you won't find an easier to use bottle or one that performs better, and we've tried a lot.the downside to these playtex bottles is that every feeding involves throwing away a piece of plastic.
great bottle drop ins super easy  to use highly recomend them  to all people using bottles for sure buy some youll luv them
i bought these when i was traveling with my then three month old son.
they worked perfectly.
but they worked well for us when we were traveling for an extended period of time and i loved the convenience of throwing away the drop in.
my son didn't have any issues with drinking from the nipple.
i thought we'd give these bottles a try since our seven month isn't particularly fond of any bottles.
she certainly didn't latch on to the nipple on this bottle as well as she does with the avent bottle.finding the right bottle for your baby really boils down to what your child is willing to use.
these bottles are really safe, really high quality, and my baby loves them.
they are well-made and because they are from playtex i can trust that they are made with quality and safety in mind.
5/5 stars.
the drop-in is so convenient, especially if one of your arms is holding a hungry baby.i love how easy to clean it is, since the liner gets tossed out.
i have used both the 4 oz size and the 8 oz size (but can only leave one review, evidently).
both work well, with no leaks.i recommend these without reservation.
they work well and the baby seems perfectly comfortable using them.
i love the playtex nursers.
they are so easy to use and maintain sterile conditions.
you simply drop a new liner into the bottle and attach and clean nipple and it is ready to go.
you can mix the formula right in the bottle, shake it up, and press all the air out by pushing up on the bottom of the liner until the formula squirts out the top.
this is not like the traditional playtex nurser and will, literally, crack under pressure.
i do also have the traditional plastic nursers and have used them happily (with and without the bottle warmer), with great success.do not get suckered in by the flashy packaging.
spend the extra couple of dollars and buy the tried-and-true original design.playtex baby drop-ins original nurser 8-10 oz: turquoiseupdate--my comment is not about the liners, or excess air, etc.
i have done just fine with the drop-ins and i love that i can still buy rubber nipples for the nurser.
these bottles are extremely convenient, easy to wash and my baby loves them!
the nipples and liners are interchangeable with the parents choice brand and they actually have a decent seal.
i did a lot of research on different bottle brands while pregnant, and settled on the playtex nursers as our first try.
she started daycare at 2 months and she has gotten 3 bottles of expressed milk each weekday since then, with an occasional bottle of milk given by my husband or a sitter.
these bottles were not a good fit for us in terms of everyday home use... we much preferred born free and avent bottles.
great bottles for a reasonable price - better than what i have found in local stores.
i was a bit skeptical at first about these bottles and the cost to continue using them but it's worth it.
these are convenient and easy to use.
try the rubber nipples as well as the bottle series with the solid color tops that close down on the nipple - i like those the best because they are so compact.
we used these all through my son's first year of life, and there's just nothing butter.
the drop-in system is great.
it minimizes clean-up, which is great for busy moms and dads (and who isn't with a newborn?!)
and best of all, it minimizes the gas that baby swallows.
all the sizes and the different nipples are developed really well for every stage.
they're also easy to wash.i would highly recommend these to anyone that's bottle-feeding.
they're just so handy and we tried so many different brands of bottles, and for us, these really were the best.
playtex drop ins are the best bottles!!
:)
these bottles are the best!
they are so easy to use & clean.
these are great bottles.
buy these you & your baby will love them!
i've seen younger babies use this.
great for travels and yes the measurement is not accurate.
the baby ended up with a lot of gas and reflux issues.
i love these bottles.
i am happy that he is feeling better.
: )the only thing i am not happy with is that certain models of the playtex series have different sized nipple holders and different sized caps/covers.
i wish playtex would use one universal bottle cap and not have different ones for different bottles.
beware if you buy different playtex bottles, you will have different pieces that will not work with these nursers.
hopefully they'll still around for my grandkids to use!
i use nuk bottles and nipples and may son loves them.
i have always loved the playtex dropins bottles, and when i saw the new bottle design i was sold.
and because of this i am giving it a lower rating.
being a new mom after many years is a wonderful feeling!
i love the ease of using these bottles.
i would highly recommend these to any new parents.
love the playtex brand and this is no exception.
the drop ins are great for the busy mom on the go.
not to mention that dads are work these as well.
playtex is always a go to brand for bottles.
its a brand that parents can trust.
i love the drop ins design, because it saves time and effort when cleaning.
the nipples themselves are great for a breastfeeding child.
the design of the cap is slightly different (not a big deal, i guess).
but if you use the bottles to measure the food, and/or your baby likes to play with the bottle, i would strongly recommend against this.
on the positive side, we used these for both kids.
they're easy to use and clean up well.
the size is perfect and the design makes it easy for her to hold.
the drop-ins make clean up easy!
these bottles are so easy to use.
my baby is never gassy and burps very easily.
these bottles with liners are worth the money.
*revised*if you are a bj's wholesale club shopper, i highly recommend the berkley & jensen bottle liners.
shows what happens when human beings put their minds to solving one of the riddles of nature: how to imitate a time-tested proven method of transfering nutrition from mother to child.
my wife doesn't give our kids a lot of bottles until they are toddlers, and then they wander about the house with them.
i decided to try several different brands of bottles for our newborn and these seemed to work well, especially while on the go.
the easy clean-up aspect of using the liner works great while traveling.
we burp our son after every ounce to prevent spit-up issues, and with these you can't tell how much he is drinking without stopping, letting the air back into the insert, and then pushing it back out again.
even though the bottles are easy to disassemble and wash, unlike some other bottles on the market, and have limited parts, you still have a bottle, a nipple, and a lid to wash.  as for cost, the bottles themselves are inexpensive, but you must continue to purchase the liners, and even buying the store brand it's just another cost and ultimately more stuff to throw away.
i'm super busy and always on the go.
i love the convenience of the liners.
bottles are great and easy to clean as well.
great and recommend!
these are so convenient.
well, it's really amazing.
i went through all of them and both my cousin and my brother (different children) loved them so much that they bought them.
they are easy to use, very handy and the babies seemed less gassy.
the bags are thick enough that they won't easily tear.
this sold two people right away, both noticing a big difference in that the children eperienced less gas, burped easier and seemed to feel comfortable with it.
easy for travel as well!
i've tried these with both formula and breast milk.
the bottles are a nice shape, fit well in your hand, and are super easy to clean!there are a few things about these bottles that make them something i will not be using regularly-first and worst-they do not work in my bottle warmer.
they are easy to use and clean, and the nipple really seems perfect for moms who are breastfeeding.the baby has not had any gas issues while using these.
now purchased them in (2) sizes....5 stars
i love these bottles.
they are so easy to use and they also work with the breast pumps.
they work with the drop in which is so great and it helps with the cleaning.
however, lactation consultants highly recommend playtext nursers because they 1) won't interfere with breast feeding and 2) reduce the amount of air a baby takes in thus reducing gas.
our local lactation shop has all this high end baby gear but also features these bottles, proving that expensive and trendy doesn't necessarily mean good.
four years after baby 1 was born, i purchased these for baby 2 and, again,  the lactation consultant wanted to make sure that i was using a good bottle and was happy to hear i was using these.
the liners aren't that expensive and they are totally worth the convenience.
you can get these bottles in a larger size as well and i certainly will when she's ready for the larger size.these bottles are also a good choice for babies who alternate between breastfeeding and bottlefeeding - she didn't have any trouble at all switching between the two.
i highly recommend these bottles!
so it's important that we have the best tools, as it were, to take on the task.
it's simple to use, the results are excellent -- a quiet baby is a happy parent -- and with the drop-in liner, keeping the bottle sterile just became that much easier.
definitely recommended for both a happy baby and a happy father (and mother)/
my wife nurses almost exclusively.
it's a great system in general, with the liners providing a very hygienic way of using these bottles, great for outings when we wouldn't be able to clean any of the older bottles that didn't have liners.
we love these drop-in bottles.
i am very happy with these bottles.
thanks for my life back and for the extra time i have with my daughter.
drop in liners bottles are popular with breast feeding moms and these ones are designed for babies comfort in switching between breast and bottle.
these are great.
nice design, will work for a boy or a girl and the tops for these are much better than the ones that are included in the original drop-ins starter kit.
the bottoms of the bottle will warp.
other than that, these are nice 4 oz bottles for a newborn.
my daughter, who has 3 boys, has used the playtex drop ins for each as well as advent and gerber.
the playtex were by far the favorite as they are great for reflux and reducing gas.
they really help make cleaning bottles easier and convienent.
although it is an added expense with the liners, they are pretty inexpensive in bulk and if you dont use them all day everyday.
my daughter is two months old and i just discovered these great bottles.
while the avent system is good, i love the presterilized drop-in disposable liners.
this is such a great find.
where does the ounce mark truly begin?
at the top of the icon?
so i decided to give these a try because the liners are pre sterilized and i could use the bottle a few times before i actually washed it.the liners fit nicely into the bottle and then i pour the milk from my pump right in the bag.
i do not recommend using the bags for storage because they are not as strong as true milk storage bags.
it makes sense when you see how it works, it does not allow any air out.
if i have a colicky baby, i will definitely be using these bottles.the negatives-you have to buy the bags.
these 8 oz ones are quite large though.
while, we have used regular playtex and mam bottles since he was born, we decided to purchase these nurser bottles and drop-ins for a recent road trip.
they worked great.
you can't beat the playtex drop in nursers!
baby is less gassy and these are ever so convenient and easy to clean.
love the bottles, love the idea of the liners, but these don't collapse well, which means air gets into your baby.
they're cheaper and they collapse well.
i have used these bottles for both of my two children.
the bottles, nipples, and rings are all dishwasher safe (top rack).
they are easy and convenient to use.
however, i do find that the added expense is worth the convenience and ease of use with these bottles.
very practical to use especially for the breastfeeding mom.
they are perfect for those nights when it's time to go out on a date with your hubby and grandma gets to babysit.
i have tried the playtex vent aire, the avent and the playtex nurser bottles and the nurser's are both my favorite and my daughter's favorite bottles as well.
they are easy to clean and i love the pre-sterilized liners.
this makes it easy for everyone.
i love that the liners collapse as taylor is drinking from them which gives her less air.
highly recommended bottles!!!
it doesn't give my baby any gas, reduce spit ups and it is so much easier to use.
i also picked the wide version in order to reuse the teats from drop in nursers.
i bought these for my great granson & his mother is very pleased with them.
very easy to use.
it helps not having to wash a dirty bottle, just simple to clean.
the easiest bottle ever and at an afforable price.
these are great!
i love the drop-ins because i don't have to constantly re-wash the bottles.
clean and easy to use and if you add the mild or formula in, all you have to do it heat up some water in a deep bowl and swish the bottle around and you have instant warm formula or milk!
we have started to use those with a standard size bottle.
its airflow system works good as well.
i used these ventaire bottles for the first time two years ago, and i'll never use a standard bottle again.
but more than that, the venting system built into these bottles is like magic.
i plan on exclusively breastfeeding for the first 3 months and the comotomo's had excellent reviews.
my girlfriend who both bottle and breastfeed swears by these bottles.
the unique design makes it easy to feed without having to tilt the bottle greatly to get everything out of it.
playtex ventaire wide bottles are great for reducing gas and the shape of these bottles help cause less spit-ups as well.
these bottles are wonderful!
i also use the playtex disposable bottles and these bottles use the same nipples as those.
love love love these bottles!
i highly recommend these and the other disposable bottles!
wonderful bottles- definitely a grand choice!
my infant easily goes back and forth from this bottle to breast.you will have to disassemble these down to clean them properly.
it's the perfect variety to get a new mom started.
this is a great set for new mommies.
the wide bottles are great for when baby starts to show interest in holding their own bottle and the bottle liner style is easy to clean.
i love these bottles though a little more timely to clean they really help with gas.
i have used the natural shape nipple  as a transition between breast and bottle because it most resembled my nipple shape and my son did great.
it is amazing how many baby bottles are out there.
i think children's nipple style preference varies so much that i can't assert that these will work better for more kids than others.
these bottles are well made to stand up to the constant use of a newborn.
the bent shape make it comfortable to use while feeding and the ease of transferring nipples will make for good swaps if your baby is particularly bite-y.
one issue for some parents, for those who don't want to upgrade after the newborn stage, i don't think these will be good for upwards of the first year of a child's life.
i tried these out as an alternative with my third child and i love them.
therefore, i believe these bottles are doing a great job with keeping the air from going through the nipple.
they are easy to clean and store.
i highly recommend these if you are looking for a wider nipple and something that is easy to clean but will still prevent airflow to your child.
my wife is a family nurse practitioner and she considers this type of bottles the best for our kids.
this is definitely recommended.
when searching for bottles, i really liked some of the features of these bottles like the venting, the wide nipple, and being able to take them apart to clean them.
this is a nice starter pack, and even if you are breast feeding these are a great size for saving breast milk for when you have a sitter or are at work.
and babies also like water, so even if you are breastfeeding use the bottles for water.
well designed and its so nice that they come in different sizes and all in one gift pack.
my daughter is pretty much exclusively breastfed.
they have 2 kinds of nipples, some that are smaller and more like a traditional bottle, and others that are a bit wider.
i also liked being able to take the bottle apart, including the venting system at the bottom, which has an additional silicone bit.this starter kit was perfect.
it contains both big and small bottles and was reasonably priced.
worked great for this mostly breastfed baby.
i've definitely noticed a decrease in her air intake, and she burps much more easily after eating.
cosmetically, they are super cute, and i like that the colors are gender neutral.
overall, i love these bottles, and you certainly can't beat the price.
:)
while my first son almost never spit up, my second spits up all the time.
nothing out of the ordinary, but still a good bit.
two pieces go together at the bottom, and 3 at the top.
the "fast" nipple is very fast.
if you're using breast milk, the "slow" nipple is perfect.
if you put cereal in the bottle, the fast nipple is perfect for that.
even my husband is happy with them.
highly recommend to anyone struggling to get their infant to accept drinking from a bottle.
cleans easy, vents great, works perfect for newborns.
these bottles also fit into standard size heating element.
easy to fit into the mouth as well.
lovely new invention!
hurray!i love that the set comes with 6 oz and 9 oz bottles.
this is great when i'm out and about without my bottle brush.- the sizes are great for growing babies.- the shape of the bottle is easy for me to hold and for the baby too.- dishwasher safe!- the set comes with extra nipples and vent disks... which is always handy.cons:- water will get into the bottom cap if you warm your bottles in water (but once you realize that it's easy to shake it out).- can't tell if the bottle cuts down on burping and gas.
i bought 4 of these bottles for my son i tried a couple of different bottles for my son.
if you like the nipple shape and design the playtex nurser works like a dream with the multi flow nipples.
bottles work great so far, no compliants to note as of yet.
this is a great starter kit.
it comes with plenty of bottles and extra nipples.
prior to these we used dr brown bottles.
everyone we knew used those and raved about the dr brown bottles.
these playtex were a lot easier and faster to clean and gave me great results.
overall i think these are great bottles compared to the dr brown ones.
my youngest grandchild is breast fed receiving expressed milk while her mother is at work.
with the other grandchildren we used dr. brown's bpa free bottles but we find these to be superior.
other than that, from a dad's point of view, it works.
my baby is now 6 months and we now use the 9 oz bottle.
it's also easy to clean, which is a big plus.
our 12 week old daughter just started using these bottles recently.
we tried several different kinds and she seems to do best with these.
they are easy to clean and bpa free.
this is the first time we've tried playtex.these are well designed and we were pretty happy with them.
what is really nice is the bottle shape.
a minor thing but nice.
well, these bottles are designed specifically to mimic the experience of sucking form a mother's nipple.
both the angle of the bottle and the way your infant has to latch on are very similar to breastfeeding.
also, breast milk is somehwat thinner than most forumlas and works better with the slow flow nipple included that most closely mimics that act of feeding from the breast.the ventaire advanced technology may take a little getting used to if you've never used it before.
however, i do love these bottles and consider them  worth the effort od learning to use.
having gorwn up feeding infants in my large family and then as a nanny, i've tried everything from the classics to to european bottles and now the ventaire advanced.this system is better than the old bag nursers because it allows a more natural flow, with your infant controlling the flow of the milk without fighting the buildup of the vacuum you tend to see with the plastic bag insert nursers.
later on, the fast flow nipple can be use.
i'll check back in a couple of months and let you know how i'm liking the larger, fast flow nipple!
while baby bottles with drop-in liners are convenient when traveling to see relatives and friends, these ventaire bottles work much better at home.likes:>innovative bottom vents (read instructions carefully) help reduce risks for gas, spit-up, and colic.
and 9oz.
it doesn't seem like the bottle itself is compatible with philips avent microwave steam sterilizer (nipples and vents are boilable).
will need to consult with playtex customer support for clarification.bottom line:good, effective, innovative bottles to minimize complications (gas, spit-up, colic, and ear infections) from nursing with bottles.
easy to clean and disinfect bottle (hot soapy water); sterilize nipples and vents (boilable) at home.
first, i applaud the company for their creativity and ingenuity, as much as i applaud dr. brown's bottle design.
for really-colic-y babies, we had always been told to look for dr. brown's or these playtex ventaires.
we are first-time parents and our newborn is just over 1 month old.we quickly learned that "angled design" is not really needed; you just hold your newborn at a different position with a regular/straight bottle and or prop her up different and or use a boppy pillow.
they are also wider and easier to clean.
we would like the dr. brown's but it has like 5 different pieces and extremely hard to clean; thankfully we found the avent ones and our baby likes them.
your results may vary!
this is a perfect newborn set.
the valve in the base works great and is super easy to pop in and out to clean.
the bottles are bpa free and the wide mouth makes cleaning a breeze.
she is primarily breast fed, and has no trouble at all with the playtex ventaire bottle, using the level 1 nipple.i like the bent shape and find it easy to hold and the size is just perfect.
seal works well and doesn't leak.if you warm in hot water, the bottle will drip from around the base where the seal is attached after you take it out of the water, so be sure to shake it off well.
nipple on small bottles is very slow flowing, which is good if that is what you want.for our baby we like these over the first years breast flow bottles, which were a hassle to clean and our baby didn't want to use those.
they worked great!
of course, all babies are different but these bottles are working very well for us.
this all helps to reduce gastric upset and colic.
this would make a wonderful shower gift from a trusted company, playtex.
both the avent and the playtex bottles claim to reduce the amount of air the baby sucks during a feeding.
to reduce the amount of air, the playtex bottles use a one-way silicone valve on the bottom of the bottle which sits on top of the bottom of the bottle.
this &#34;starter set&#34; is perfect for a new mom, even if she's breast feeding!
recommended!
the new grand baby loved these.
the baby loves them and that's what really matters.
as with most products there are minor issues if you try to take short-cuts in assembly or preparation.
i am glad that there is a bottle that makes the baby's switch from breast to bottle and vice versa convenient.
i stay home with him, so it's easy to breastfeed him exclusively, but it's nice to be able to have a bottle ready to go if i want to go out with the girls or to a book club meeting.
the dr. brown's natural flow have regular nipples.
we started with the breastflow bottles.
hopefully, with more practice, he'll learn to use these properly and like them.
)the bottle itself works well and our child didn't have any "complaints," however do to the different shape and the necessity to align everything i would personally prefer to use a different bottle.
i personally prefer platex drop-ins,playtex baby drop-ins premium nurser newborn gift set
these work fantastic and i've had no problems with them whatsoever.
they fit to my breastpump and they are super easy to clean and dry.
this is not a tip and pour kind of bottle.
the design also allows for some venting, which helps tremendously so that "pouring large amounts of liquid out of a small opening"-problem doesn't occur.
a great add-on is the different nipple type that is a little easier to work with.
i also really like the fact that both ends can be removed.cleaning: the fact that both ends are removeable really helps a lot with cleaning.
we've been using these bottles for our now 7 month old son.
they're great.
i highly recommend them, and recommend the starter kit for anyone having a baby.
to be honest, however, you'll probably need two.pros:- no messy bags to deal with.
these are my favorite kind of bottles for my breastfed baby.
they are so easy to clean because the top and bottom both come off.
my baby goes between breastfeeding and eating from these bottles great - it is a great nipple shape for going back and forth.
i love the angled shape of the top of the bottle - it makes it easy to hold.
the colors are also cute and generic enough for boys or girls.these are wonderful bottles - highly recommended!
this is the first bottle we tried with our then-3-week-old baby.
i do like that they open up at both ends - makes cleaning pretty easy.
i'm taking what my best friend has said about this starter set and putting it into my own words.
that may turn off some of you that read this because the experience is not my own, but know that it is a subjective view of her tales and my few experiences feeding her baby boy.also note, this is best for babies who are being breastfed.i gave this set to my best friend who just recently had a baby boy.
these bottles are very like the breasts.
her husband has said that these bottles are super easy to work with once you get the hang of them.
the nipples fit in very specifically.
once you get the hang of inserting the nipple correctly, the bottle is very friendly to use.
it has a natural flow and doesn't have the same popping air bubbles that i remember from when i babysat my cousins.
my husband and i tried several types of bottles before finding these.
we also like the bend in the ventaire bottles.
it allows more of the milk to settle in the nipple.
other then that great bottles to use.
the nice, wide nipple is similar to mom's.
the slowest flow nipple in the box was still quite fast for my liking - particularly for a newborn.
my experience with these bottles was overall great.
the newborn starter set is a great way to get the bottle feeding chore done without all the drama of buying all individual pieces in separate packaging!
the playtex venaire bottle uses the same nipple as the drop in bottles, which is a great nipple for a baby who is also breastfeeding.
the vents at the bottom of the bottle allow air to flow out, which means your baby will swallow less air and have less gas.
my baby doesn't burp or spit up a lot, so i assume that means it's working.overall, i'm happy with these bottles, and my baby has no problems with them either.
i love that the bottles are pba-free, and that the nipples are designed for a nursing baby, to help the baby go between breast and bottle.
i used dr. brown's wide neck bottles religiously.
the playtex bottles have proven to be great.
i love the angled design.
cleaning these bottles is a breeze, since the bottom and top unscrew.
gradual size increases helps when baby increases in apetite.
it is a ver convenient tool and can be used with other bottles as well.this starter set makes a great gift as well.
well worth the price.
i understand the reason for the bottom cap and seal, but that doesn't make it any more pleasant to deal with.
i'm not sure if that played a part in the baby's preference.
of course you can order them at amazon, but sometimes it is nice to have local access to stuff as well.
these are nice.
especially like the wide opening for filling and cleaning.
this set makes a nice set but be sure your baby will use them.
with my first child we tried over half a dozen bottles some we got ourselves and some we got as both registry and non-registry gifts.
if you know they will like/use them then it is a great deal and solid product.
they helped with gas - spit up, somewhat.
i have used bottles in the past that are not comfortable to hold, so i think it's worth mentioning that it fits nicely in your hand.when it comes to cleaning these bottles you can be sure you have every nook and cranny clean since it fully disassembles, but that also means that you have lots of pieces to keep tabs on.
if you read some of the other reviews here you'll see that a fair share of the negative reviews come from parents of newborns, premies and very young infants.
we used the wider bottle and the fast flow nipples most often.
similarly, some babies love pacifiers while ours always rejected them.
less gas, no discomfort, nicely angled, and no bpa.
these bottles are easy to use and don't leak!
they are great for breastfed babies as they do not flow super fast and are wider nipples.
one of my favorite things about this bottle is that you can take it apart.
the tilted design of the bottle also helps in this regard.
the bottles are in nice muted pastels (tops).
our baby like them!
when sarah, my daughter, recently gave birth, she received an earful of advice from well-meaning friends and relatives who were also new moms.
many used and recommended playtex ventaire baby bottles.
she has never put them in the dishwasher (more motherly advice) even though playtex information says pieces are top-rack dishwasher safe.
as a result, the bottles work well and baby rarely has spit-up, burping or gas problems.
mom and baby are happy.
we started with the playtex drop-ins.
these bottles are the perfect companion.
the bottom has a seal in it that pops out easily and is simple to clean.
my son is a medium-flow bottle eater.
they aren't for everyone, but it is nice to have the option without having to go out and buy more nipples.overall, a great bottle.
i have two sets of these bottles and they are the only kind we use now.
i dare say i use these bottles correctly and give them gentle care - always completely dry them up before use, never expose them to heat, always make sure not to stretch the silicone parts, etc..
these playtex bottles are great, easy to assemble, clean, and hold while feeding.
the whole bottle comes apart which makes it super easy to clean -- and gives you peace of mind that you're properly sterilizing it for your little one.
the bottles come apart into five pieces, which is a lot of keep track of, compared to other bottles.the bottle pack comes with five bottles (3 slow flow bottles, and 2 fast for when newborn gets bigger) in the box, making life easier with a newborn when you can't wash dishes right away.
she reported that the design was very convenient and easy to use, and her baby gulps less air.
these bottles have been perfect for transitioning my baby to bottle feeding.
the ventaire design has helped my daughter have less gas and that makes feedings a great deal easier.
the baby won't use these.
(those with children know that finding the bottle or cup your child will take can be a very long process.
i appreciate the gender neutral baby stuff.
the measurements on the side are also very easy to read.
it's sometimes tough to find a bottle a nursing baby will take, but i'm had success with both my kids using this bottle.
this set is a great value and i love the variety of sizes and nipple flows it comes with.
bpa free -- a definite must in my book.
these and tommee tipee's are my go-to bottles (but these come in first place)
this is a great starter set for a new baby.
she loved this set.
it's nice that there are different flow bottles included in this box.
the set will last you longer and having options is always nice.
magic?
we experimented with a variety of bottles and brands, and these have easily been my favorite.
easy to clean, easy to use, very minimal on the air bubbles, i love them all around.
and they love them also.
i have a son w/reflux!
these are amazing!
the bottles are perfect size the small ones go up to 6 oz, so we will be using these for a while.
this will be my new baby shower gift as well!
worth every penny.
i love these bottles!
i am a breast feeding mom but we still use bottles when i am out of the house and my husband or baby sitter needs to feed my son.
these bottles are wonderful!
my favorite part of these bottles is that they open from both ends, it makes cleaning the bottle so easy!!
the feel of the bottle is great and easy for my son to grasp as well.
(remember, mama's breast has no flow adjustment and kind of drowns them right from the start!
)i like the original gerber bottles and nipples the best still after four babies and trying most bottles sold at walmart/target etc.
i like the looks of these playtex bottles, and one might notice a difference in spitting up/colic/tummy troubles with a baby prone to these things...but with an average baby who burps well i don't notice a difference.
the materials used are good and i like the feel of the plastic of the nipples.
love these bottles.
best on the market.
i know that people love doc browns, which are nice bottles, but these are better.
we bought these bottles when our son was about 2 weeks old.. avent nipples came out way to fast and hygeia bottles came out way to slow.
we used these almost exclusily for about 3 weeks until he started being able to take the avent nipples better.. well once i started wanting to use these again once and awhile i noticed that the bottoms started leaking... alot.
very happy with purchase.
we tried several different type of bottles and loved the ventaires for their simplicity when cleaning.
all parts are easy to clean without special brushes and some of my mom friends have even put theirs into the dishwasher with success.
the wide bottle is best for babies who are going between breast and bottle, but to be honest, both of my boys used the standard bottle design and went back and forth without issue.
i ordered these because of the playtex brand.
i originally used the dropin bottles and love them.
i told my daughter i will buy the dollar store dollars because they are better than these.
they are a natural shape and make it easy to feed the baby.
the ventaire system does significantly reduce the amount of bubbles, which means less gas, burps and a happier baby.
they are easy to clean, and i love the fact they have covers to keep the nipples free of dirt/dust, etc.
overall, a great set of five starter bottles for twenty dollars.
i highly recommend.
the old remedies of gripe water and rubbing the back of the infant for inducing burping have worked but this bottle with the vent which releases the air is another fascinating event for the playtex brand of baby products.
great start up set.
of course, some babies are just more sensitive and will suffer symptoms even with proper techniques when an inferior bottle designs is used.
this bottle is going to make life alot easier for parents and baby.
thank you playtex for going the extra mile.
you want to use the correct one for the age/size of the baby.big difference vs. conventional bottles when you go to burp the baby.
these bottles are great.
first they are so easy to clean and sterilize.
i like the ease of use of the bottles.
my child can easy grasp on the bottles as well.
these bottles can grow with your child as well.
just because it says newborn does not mean other ages of children can not use it.
this will also make a great shower gift that a new mother will sure to use and it will cost you less then a glass set.
in addition to the nipple being good, they have the air reducer (attached to the bottom) that keeps her from getting gassy and helps keep the liquid in the bottle flowing smoothly without bubbling.
this set comes with 5 bottles and 7 nipples (different flow speeds) so you can continue to use them from newborn all the way up to 1 year!
also, cleaning these bottles is a dream compared to the dr. brown bottles.
overall, i wish i had found these bottles sooner, because they have made feeding (and clean-up) easier for me, which is important since i am working "double time" with twins.
this newborn starter kit is a great choice for new moms, especially nursing moms.
the kit gives you bothe the (6oz and 9 oz size bottles) as well as extra nipples for different flows.
there are also extra caps and vent disks included.the bottles and pieces are easy to clean and dishwasher safe.
these work a million times better as the flow actually works at the speed my daughter needs.
this bottles works ok.
it is easier to clean especially inside the bottles as you can open both ends but at the same time you also have more parts to clean.
the bottles have a different shape and are the chubby types.
i love these bottles.
both of my girls were breastfed and these were the bottles they preferred.
they come with three small and two large bottles, they also come with different flow nipples.
a really great set that will grow with baby.
i also love that they are easy to clean.
i always bring this to baby showers along with the twilight ladybug/turtle nightlights.
it makes an excellent present.
the ring and bottoms go in the basket.
i'm breastfeeding as well, but my son eats a lot.
when i return to work, i plan to use smaller containers from medella.
we use rtf formula with these bottles.
i'm sure it would work fine with powder as well.
both of my kids had issues with regular bottles.
the playtex ventaire advanced bottles are by far the best bottles i have used.
this set came with 5 bottles in 2 different sizes as well as with extra nipples and extra vent disks, which is wonderful considering how often the bottles get used and being small parts, can get lost.
the bottles are excellent for semi-upright feeding because of the angle in the bottle body, which i have found actually does help reduce the number of bubbles in the milk, in turn reducing the gas and colic my baby gets.i use these bottles to pump my breastmilk and they are fantastic and don't leak after repeated use like so many others.
they are also easy to clean.
highly recommend!
my baby likes this bottle brand and nipple is good for newborn.
i love the size, it is perfect for a newborn to 6 month old baby, and even can be used later for juice or water.
the design of these bottles is amazing and i love that it cuts down on gas for the baby.
this would make a lovely baby shower gift as well because what new mom couldn't use extra bottles?
this starter kit is a perfect baby shower gift!
these bottles are really great.
there are very few parts to wash and the parts there are wash easily.
my baby is able to drink smoothly from the bottle because of how well it is vented.
i love the angled aspect of the bottle, makes it easier to hold the baby semi-upright and still tilt the bottle to get all the milk out.curious toddlers cannot dislodge the nipple.and... the colors are pretty.
:-)if we have another baby, we will definately use these from the beginning (assuming i have better pumping success...)make sure to get the natural shape bottles/nipples, not the regular ventaire.
we had a very colicky baby and tried anything we could to help her.
must be completely disassembled.if you don't fit the rubber rings in to perfection, they leak.they don't always leak right away, so if you prep a bottle ahead of time, you may find it in the fridge seeping out everywhere.the rings break down after continued use and you will have to replace them.replacement rings are so hard to find and expensive that you're better off buying new bottles.the don't fit in any standard bottle holder because of their strange shape.they are incompatible with bottle warmers.it's also important to note that the starter set comes with a couple of the fast flow bottles and a couple of the slow flow.
it does not include enough of both nipples for all 5 bottles.
i asked her opinion about them a month later and she said that they were great because a) the baby took to them right away, b) they clean up perfectly and are dishwasher safe, and c) they seem to cause less spit-up and upset stomach.
she highly recommends to other new moms, and i recommend this as a nice baby shower gift to give that new mom in your life.
this kit is perfect for those first timers, we loved it so much we ended up buying another!
also they are compatible with any nipples made by playtex which is really handy though the nipples that came with the bottles are our son's favorite!in a bottle warmer they do take a little longer to warm up as much of the heat is conducted by the base and some water does enter in the crack between the bottle and the base.
we have been very satisfied with these bottles and they are definitely the favorite of several different types that were received as gifts.
they are very easy to hold when feeding our grandson and he does not experience any problems with gas.
i like the way the bottle is put together into 5 different pieces because it makes it so easy to clean them properly.
i've been using these since i bought my son home from the hospital.
so, i'm lucky that way.why do i love these bottles?
everything is removable and dishwasher safe.
you have to make sure that piece is tightly in place or you will get leaks dispite having screwed everything together propertly and tightly.fyi, if you get the newborn set be careful!
otherwise, fantastic!
these are great baby bottles.
it is easy to clean as the parts come apart simply.
9oz is a good size bottle for growing babies and their tremendous appetites.
also, it's a great price compared to other well-known bpa free bottles (some of which were $10 per bottle).
it works great--slow flow and good shape.
the wide bottles make for easy cleaning and the venting system is a sturdy no-mess solution for preventing gas.
this pack is a good deal compared to bru and target.
this set would make a perfect gift for an expecting mother.
i still use the slow flow nipples even after 4 months because my baby is a fast eater and this helps her slow down.
it even comes with an extra slow and fast flow nipple and two extra vents.
this was especially helpful when she had a cold and was breathing a lot of bubbles back into her milk.the bottles are shaped with a angle which allows for mothers to hold the baby in a more upright position while eating.
this helps reduce gas and supposedly colic.
it comes into narrow sides that the baby can grip when it is able.all of the bottles come with caps that fit very tightly, making transporting milk easier.
they have held up well through multiple cleanings in the dishwasher.i would highly recommend these bottles.
tried this initially with our newborn but didn't fly.
every bottle system works for some babies and not for others.
slow, medium, fast nipples brought our daughter along nicely.
it was easy to hold and easy to use.
best bottles that my wife and i have found for our baby.
this means no danger of colic which means a happier child and a more well rested set of parents.
this is well priced at $20-$23.
very pleased with this starter set.
i especially like the value of the starter set.
it includes five bottles of different sizes and extra nipples and caps.
the starter set comes with nipples of two different sizes (fast and slow) and both large and small bottles.
highly recommended.
i used these bottles with my son back in 2011.
* the wide bottle is very comfortable in my hand!
(i highly recommend the playtex bottle brush!
other brands seemed to scratch the inside of the bottle!
my best friend and i both have babies, i have a 7 month old and she has a 2 month old.
we both breast-fed almost exclusively, but like to use bottles for pumped milk.
the other brands of bottles we use are avent, tommy tippee and breastflow by the first years.
we both prefer these...i should say she and my husband prefer them, as he is the one that gives our baby bottles.
these have the main part of the bottle, the nipple, the ring that attaches the nipple to the bottle, a bottom part that unscrews and a ring that goes into the bottom part.
it is all easy to put together, they are the perfect size, we like how the bottles are ergonomic for more comfortable feeding, and they do seem to help with gas, especially for her little one.
yep, love these bottles the best!
that and bottles are a very personal choice among babies.my daughter loves the ventaire standard bottles, but seems almost annoyed at these wide bottles.
mom said the bottle worked well after working through some "user error" issues and finding the right "zone."
these are also even better than the regular playtex ventaire bottles, which our newborn does not like.
if you are breast feeding make sure you buy the ventaire with the natural shape nipple, not just the ventaire.
there is a small rubber piece that goes into the bottom that doesn't need any special tool to clean out.
my son likes the nipple, took to it right away after 8 weeks of no bottles.
i love the wide mouth design, making it easier to hand wash these bottles.
nice variety of bottles for a starter set.
these bottles keep gas at a minimum and are easy to prep.
i like the curved shape - fits perfectly in the crook of my arm as i am feeding my nephew - just feels more natural.
it doesn't give my baby any gas, reduce spit ups and it is so much easier to use.
i also picked the wide version in order to reuse the teats from drop in nursers.
i definitely recommend these bottles.
i got these bottles for my great grandson who is due in march.
there are wonderful bottles.
my granddaughter was very happy to receive such good bottles for her baby.
these new ventair bottles by playtex are very comfortable, and do a great job of keeping the extra air out.
that said, a bottle won't work very well without good nipples.
this newborn starter kit is the "wide" size for babies switching between breast and bottle.
* tops and bottoms remove for easy cleaning.
top-shelve dishwasher safe.
* compatible with "nursing necessities" breast pumps.
my daughter was able to drink from the bottle without choking.
i can't say that is entirely true so i took away one star.
this swing is awesome!
it is also very easy to use for us.
thanks fisher price!!!
she used her swing constantly her children even slept in them.
the glob at the top is very fun and the seats seem comfortable.
her kids loved them.
my nephews enjoyed the craddle side to side swing the best.
between our 2 children we have had both of the top selling fisher price models - the ocean wonders and the papasan cradle swings.
while we have been happy with both, our favorite by far is the ocean wonders.
my youngest son got the papasan swing instead and while it functions basically the same the mobile just isn't very interesting in comparison.
our papasan swing broke recently and fisher price (excellent customer service) is cutting us a check for a replacement -- we'll be getting another ocean wonders instead of the papasan.
for both of us this happened within 3 months of owning the swing.
other than this flaw - we loved the swing because of it's ability to swing two ways.
this swing is the best!
there is so much fun going on, it's like our baby has her own personal disney ride at home!
the music is great & she loves to stare at the fish & lights in the water filled globe.
the seat is plush & comfortable with a colorful fish pattern.
seat cover washes nicely.
it was pretty easy to put together-just follow the directions.
i like the fact that this swing can swing in two different directions, because my son doesn't like the typical side-to-side.
the music and fish are fun for the baby to play with also.
we purchased this swing for our son & i love it.
it is safe, sturdy & beautiful.
i love the lights and the moving mobile.
the music is ok, interesting.
as far as i can tell this is the best swing.
and i'm glad i got it.
it is cute.there is a water globe over babys head that provides an excellent light show, and water that jostles little fishes back and forth, also a little glitter in there.
the music is evocative of under sea adventures, there is lots of soft cushion, and so far the engine has been powerful enough to move baby around plenty.
well, i donated this swing to the nearest salvation army a while back..but i'm just now catching up on reviews....we loved it!
it had great music and sound options and the seating was very comfortable and flexible!
i put both my 2 boys in it and it was a sanity saver!
it is wonderful!
this swing is excellent.
my ds used it for the first three months of his life a lot!
being able to swing front to back or side to side is great, if one doesn't work try the other.
my son also loved the music, light and mobile.
best swing we have ever purchased.
lots for kids to look at, pleasant, but not overpowering music.
batteries hold up pretty well.
there is a reset buttonto turn music back on immediately.
takes up a lot of space.
we were in the process of moving when i was pregnant, so we didn't know that our new place would have a small living room.
other than it taking up a lot of space it's great.
we are pretty happy with the ocean wonders aquarium cradle swing.
we have five babies (cousins) under age 5 in the family, and it seems that some babies like to swing side to side, others front to back and others prefer a vibrating chair.
it has been fun to see him develop interest in the mobile and overhead light.
i love this swing!!!
she doesn't really take notice to the mobile and lights b/c its kinda too far for her to look up but the music is very fun and soothing.
we loved this swing and are dreading the day our baby outgrows it!
we have used it from almost day one and are still using it at almost 9 months of age.
wish it came with a way to plug it in, but overall an excellent swing that is well worth the money.
it also has a nice plush comfy machine washable pad that held up the 3 times i washed it and it stayed looking new.
since my son was born he has loved this swing.
the seat cover is easy to wash and the swing is easy to take apart and put away if needed.
i love the look of this and he absolutely enjoys it!
ever since we purchased this swing for our little boy we have absolutely loved it.
unlike other swings it has two swinging options:  cradle or swing.
my son prefers the cradle (but its still nice to know you have an option).
he loves the mobile which is very stimulating.
you can change the music to  play water sounds.
this swing is great to help soothe our baby or to keep him entertained while we are cooking.
i highly recommend this swing.
my son loves the swing and it can usually calm him down if nothing else works.
the lights, colors and mobile really attracted his attention and the two swinging options were definitely nice to have.
and she's always been happiest swinging on the fastest mode.
my opinion is kind of in between about this one.
one or two times forgetting, and you won't forget again, four d batteries are expensive to replace often!also, i like to keep my eye on my baby at all times, so it's great that he is facing me while in the cradle position, but when i turn him to the regular front-to-back swing position he's got a nice view of a wall and i have no view of him.
i bought this swing for my 4 month-old son.
my son also napped in it 2 years ago, and sometimes i catch him trying to climb in it.
luckily, it turns out that it's strong enough for a regressing 2 1/2 year old!
i received this as a shower gift from my best friend and i have thanked her many times over for this swing.
in our prenatal classes the teacher informed us that newborns prefer a cradle motion and will graduate to the swinging motion later on.
my son loved it and would sometimes fall asleep in it.
this thing may as well have 2 speeds- fast and faster!
my wife and i just retired our ocean wonders swing now that our son has outgrown it and i think that we all felt that it was tough to see it go back into the box.
we found that a swing is invaluable for a baby for several reasons:1.
the swing really soothed our son and helped him fall asleep and establish a daily nap schedule.2.
very well except for a few minor points.pros* very sturdy and durable* really good activities above and in front of baby keep him/her happy and interested* multiple seat settings, both in terms of recline and in terms of the swing direction, i.e.
this second point is surprisingly rare in swings, but you want to have all options when your feeling out your baby's preferences.
smaller babies will be moving too fast even on the slowest settings.
* the sturdiness comes at a cost in terms of size - it takes up a pretty good size footprint.
we recouped some space by storing baby items underneath it where there was plenty of clearance space.all in all, this was a great swing.
this is the best swing!
i bought it two years ago for my son, and i used it from the day we came home from the hospital.
lights and fish on mobile visually stimulates baby.3.)
the option of changing the swinging style from side-to-side.
great if you have to travel with this swing and find yourself in cramped quarters.
the option to adjust how the swing swings can enable you to fit this swing into an area where a back and forth swing may not have fit.
the fabric is highly durable (if you plan on having more than one child this is great), and easily laundered.this swing is pricey, but once you put your baby in it and experience a few moments to yourself, all while seeing that your child is enjoying his/herself- you will come to realize that it is worth every penny!!
from the moment we brought our son home from the hospital he has enjoyed this swing.
we keep it in the side to side motion mode (though you can choose front to back as well) and he will literally stay happy and occupied for hours--this includes the time he spends sleeping in the swing.
this swing has been a lifesaver, and i love the cradle or swing option, which is great for parents whose babies may like only one or the other (this prevents parents from having to buy a second swing if baby doesn't like the way the first one rocks).
we received both for shower gifts.
the boys immediately loved the mobile.
you can also choose, mobile only, light show only or mobile and lights.
there is a couple of different sounds and music to choose from.there is a piece of material that holds the legs together and has pockets in the back.
the pockets are great for putting burp cloths in.
it does take up some floor space but can be pulled together and flatten when not in use.for the money this swing is worth it.
i would highly recommend any of fischer prices dual swings and cradles.
wow!
the swing is a perfect shape to hold a small baby and the rocking side to side comforted my daughter like no other.
easy clean.
this swing has been fabulous!since our baby was born, we have puthim in it to soothe him and it has beengreat watching him swing and grow into it.it's brought lots of smiles and glee for babyand a breather for the parents.our baby is 12 months old now and can stillswing in it.
for us, it's been great!
the ocean wonders aquarium swing is the best purchase you will make.
since you don't always want to lay your baby down after feeding him/her its a great way to sooth and entertain him.
it has lovely music, ocean sounds, water sounds, cute fish that circle above, and lights that rotate gently.
now, he is two months, and he just loves the fish.
we use it a couple hours a day with and without the music and fish playing.
i definitely recommend this item!
i suggest getting a swing that will plug directly into a outlet.
we got this swing for our son and all of us love it!
i like how it can swing in two different positions and the features are enough to keep my son stimulated.
i highly recommend this to any mother.
my son loves the music and watching all the fish.
my baby gives this swing his :-p of approval.
great design, my son loved it!
i felt like a slave to diapers and batteries.
it's perfect!
he doesnt even look at the mobile or lights but the music is wonderful!
very recommended!
not true!
if you use the highest setting with a 7 lb.
)can light up- great to soothe at night.the mobile & seat are at correct angles so that the mobile can be enjoyed, unlike some other swings.i thought the $100 pricetag was totally nuts- but the entertainment for months & months has been worth every penny.
one of my friends has a cheap swing with a stationary mobile- you will appreciate the difference!
also!
there's a fish mobile that spins, a light that changes colors (very cool) and your choice of noises that range from music to waves and it swings on top of that!
i did not like the music and therefore rarely used it but my daughter found the sound of the motor (a swooshing like sound) to be very soothing white noise.
i did occasionally turn on the mobile as my daughter grew and she loved that.
this is a very sturdy swing, cleans very well, and i liked the adjustable seat.buy this swing with confidence, you (and your baby) will not be sorry!
we bought this when we evacuated to grammy's for a hurricane, and baby loved it right away!
her first time away from home under far from perfect conditions, she was a little cranky and sleepless.
this worked great!
the multiple songs and "wave" sound were wonderful for her, and the options in motion were useful, too.
she absolutely loved the light display - and it kept her attention in a house with 10 people, 6 pets, 4 tvs, 10 phones, and lots of other noise.although it does move more quickly than some, baby only weighed about 10lbs when she was in it first, and it worked fine - she used about the second of six speed settings.
the laws of physics just make it impossible to make one swing the perfect speed for all sizes of baby.
this swing was great when my daughter was an infant.
it is one of the few swings that gives you the option of swinging from front to back or side to side.
this is a wonderful swing.
being in an inclined position helped both issues.
we recieved this swing as a shower present for my son, who is now 2 1/2.
he didnt even have to be moving, he just loved to be in the swing watching everything!
i still give it 5 stars, because the experience i had with my son was so amazing!
it saved my sanity and helped him to relax!
my son loved this swing.
kind of like a taco!
i did a lot of research and found this one to have a lot of features that others didn't and it had great reviews.
i highly reccomend this swing!update: it is still as great as i thought it would be.
great choice:
i registered for this and then unregistered for it...and got one that matched my travel system thinking "a swing is a swing is a swing..." right??
my son loved it.
and he loves the fishies!!!!
he loves all of the fisher price aquarium products...go for the gold and register for this swing!
both were fantastic - life savers, in fact - but different in some important ways.what i liked about the aquarium swing:-  l-o-n-g battery life.
the rain forest swing has a plug-in option, which was nice, but given the battery life on this swing it wasn't a huge deal.-  the cradle.
the seat of this swing is very much like a car seat or a cradle - deep, with higher sides.
my son preferred this to the rain forest swing, which is more like a pappasan or bouncy seat design.
the light-changing globe up above the swing fascinated my kids.
the fish are nice, though they don't offer a lot of variety.
we bought a used swing at a consignment sale for our second child, now 4 mo and about 18 lbs, 26".
great colors and well themed.anyhow, our swing has a fish, crab, seahorse, and clam on the mobile.
there are also two pockets for toys (an ipod fits perfectly for the napping soundtrack).the newer models have just fish and no pockets.
the swing will still rock effectively for at least another week.i love this swing.
it's wide 'stance' and well-designed seat feel very safe.
i had my first child in january after about 4 weeks we started to put her in the swing and she loved it.
she is now 16 weeks and loves to sleep in it.
she loves to look at the canvas on the side with the bright colored fish as well as the mobile and light.
this swing saved me in the begining (and still sometimes now-six months later)!
we loved it so much that we sent it to a family member in hawaii even though shipping cost as much as swing.
my son enjoys spending time in this swing.
it's comfortable and has lots of features.
i bought this two years ago for my first son and now using it for my second son.
they both love this, especially when it has a horizontal swing motion and the rotating fishes with lighting.
btw, my first son used this until he was 1.5 yo.
he loved it.
overall, a nice swing.
the adjustable swing direction is a nice feature, although when my son was young, i found that with the cradle (front to back) motion, his head would lean forward and then tip back.
my baby loves to look at the fish, lights, and globe.
hours of fun for even fussy babies.
very easy to clean.
this was a first baby gift for us and we used in frequently even now with our second baby.
its very adaptable with three different speeds (for different ages/stages), upright and laid back seating positions as well as three way turning.
yes, its battery operated but seems to get its money worth and in between my two children we loaned it to four different friends and its still in great condition (removable/washable cover).
he takes his naps there as well.
this swing is one of my son's favorite things.
i absolutely love the cradle feature, the fish and globe, & the amazing power it has to soothe my son!
sometimes nothing will calm him down-once he sits in his swing, he is almost immediately quiet and delighted.
he loves staring at the lights and fish.
highly recommended!!!!!!!!!!!!!
our son (12weeks old yesterday) currently sleeps all night in his swing.
we took his suggestion and put our son in the swing.
thank you fisher price!
i've had a couple of other different swings to keep at their houses and neither of them are as wonderful as this one.
life is a lot easier when you have this swing.
this was a huge help for us the first few weeks after we brought our son home.
the music even on it's lowest setting drowns out the motor sound.my son was almost 10 lbs when he was born so we were able to use it right away, and thank goodness!
it's worth the space it takes up!
we purchased this swing primarily for the two different styles of swinging.
thank goodness because our daughter doesn't prefer the front to back swinging.
she uses this one at the grandparent's houses and likes it, but doesn't love it.
this is a great swing- and a swing is a must-have item for any mother.
this swing in particular kept my son happy for 7 months.
he started in it at birth, (remember to lower the seat to protect their neck) and he used it until this week- almost 7 months.
it is just a safe, fun, must-have item for any baby.
my son loves this.
it has a lot of different sound options as well as lights, moving mobile, etc.
this swing is in the top 3 must have baby items in my opinion.
the fact that it can swing back and forth or side to side is a major plus, but my son didn't like the traditional front to back motion, so this worked out great.
it took our baby awhile to warm up to her swing.
the "cradle" shaped seat is wonderful for young infants....much better than your standard swings without head support.
at four months she uses it often.
it's great for rocking her to sleep for a nap.
well, we bought this swing and the crying stopped!
wow!
but when #2 comes along, i know what to use ;)
this is a good swing, i like the two different swinging modes, front to back and side to side.
this is a great buy.
i love looking at this swing; it's enchanting.
this swing is great because different babies prefer different swinging directions -- and some like both!
the music is very soothing and peaceful, as are the nature sounds, and the volume control is great.
i like this swing a lot.pros - it has a colorful mobile that spins around and lights up.
the seat can also recline for very small babies (we put our newborn in this swing).
it has a good variety of music and sound for the baby to listen to.
it has multiple settings with every kind of music-mobile-swinging combination possible.
it also has a great battery life.cons - it's expensive and it takes up quite a bit of room.
but, if you're tight on money, or want to be able to swing a small baby, i'd suggest going with the take along aquarium swing - also by fisher price.
it's lower to the ground and harder on my back to get the baby in and out, but it works very well.
it has great settings for swinging the baby, and plays music.
we use both the take along and this swing, and they're both great.
my daughter loved this swing!
very easy to change swing positions, love the sounds/music, daughter loved trying to catch the fish on the mobile.
very easy to put together, take apart and take the cover off to wash.
baby just loves it and you will get every dime worth!
they love the motion and the comfort of this swing!
bought it today for my 15 week old daughter and she loves it!!
we have all of the ocean wonders goodies, and we love them all.
this is a nice change from her take a long ocean wonders swing, which by the way is great too!!
she likes the mobile and the two different swinging positions that the cradle swing offers!!
i bought the safari open top take along swing when my baby was born because the price was cheaper.
this swing is amazing in that it  puts him to sleep within minutes of being placed into it!
he is wonderful in it!
still believe i could not live without this swing.
the feature that enables you to convert the seat from front/back swinging motion to side/side swinging motion is fantastic and definately a big advantage!
perfect for a newborn.
the swing itself is just so inviting and fun.
it looks very appealing and substantial.
especially since this swing has the side to side cradle motion which he loved!this swing is fast!
luca is one year old now and every once in a while, i put him in this and he still loves it.
i hate to retire this great item that has served us so well!the battery usage is high depending on the amount of time you keep baby swinging and the use the other features but it is definately worth it!
the gently turning fishies and dome light were a big hit with my son.
he loved it.the motor is loud but my son seemed to calm with the consistency of the sound.
i just played the music or used the other sound effects.there is a dial that enables you to control the movement of the swing from very gentle to a bigger swing.
my little girl loves to be held and in motion.
this swing is truly a life saver.
i put her in the swing (without batteries because i hadn't had a chance to go and buy any yet) and she loved it.
she automatically began to gaze at the little fishbowl and fish above her head and we rocked it manually and she drifted right off to sleep.once we put the batteries in she loved it even more.
this is a great swing and costs less than the nature's touch.
moving around in a circle and in the middle is a mirror which isn't that great.
however, on the ocean's wonders, there is a globe that lights up different color with fish, seahorse and octopus that move and fish that move around a circle around the globe.
my daughter loves it!
i'm sure i will be just as pleased as i have with all the fisher price oceans wonder's.
we have been fortunate enough to receive not one but three different swings - this one and two gracos (one for our house and one for each grandma's house).
in terms of bells and whistles, this one wins hands-down.
i also like the fact that the motion and the lights on the mobile operate independently - you can use both at once, each one alone, or keep the mobile shut off completely.
however, even in its furthest-reclined position, the seat doesn't put the baby at an angle where she can easily see the things overhead.
if money isn't an issue, go for it; otherwise, a cheaper swing will still give your baby the fun of swinging without causing you to spend a lot on an item that will soon be outgrown.
this swing constantly amazes us!from day one our daughter has loved going into her swing.
i can't even begin to express how wonderful this swing is!
my baby was in nicu and the hospital for his first 18 days of life due to a heart condition, thus making him very attached and clingy.
the music is great and soothing for him and he loves playing with his 'friends' (the swinging fish) above his head.
this swing is well worth the extra money and is by far the best baby item out today.
it takes up quite a bit of space, but i believe the extra wide stance is part of what makes it sturdy during swinging.
my son loves the side-to-side cradle swinging the best, so i'm glad we chose this "upgraded" option (we were also considering a graco swingomatic).
i love that the music and sounds have a wide-ranged volume, and while the music is very synthesized, it doesn't sound half bad.-- the mobile part quit working after a week (lights, music, and swinging still work).
he absolutely loved it and had his early morning nap in it from about 2 months til now, when he almost outgrown it.
quality seems great, mine seems like its still brand new.
will hopefully get more use out of it with baby #2.
love this swing!!!
i highly recommend it!
our son vastly preferred it to this swing - though again, the swing did entertain him sometimes.
but he loves this swing and at 5 months old, he still loves it.
the music is very soothing and my son loves to watch the fish mobile spin around.
i love that it swings two directions also.
it's very durable!
i highly recommend this swing.
along with my bouncer, this swing has kept my son entertained for about 5 months!first of all, you have to know...*  the swing is quite large, and warrents a nice chunk of our den.
i can say that it doesnt need a very open area (like the middle of the floor) so thats good.
my baby does love this part of the swing though.
*  you will need a screwdrived to assemble it!
*  the swing does fold, but this isnt a fold that means lug it around and bring to grandmas!
i use the bouncer, and a simpler swing for that... because the o.w isnt built for travel.now, this is why the swing gets 5 stars...*  my baby loves it.
if hes a bit fussy, sometimes the saucer doesnt soothe him...
he still fits, and the seat is very comfortable.
its also a great place to bottle feed the baby.
the music has a few settings, but all of them are "deal-able" and quiet enough so i can hear the t.v.
my boy has always prefered cradle.all in all this product is fantastic, and is still saving our skins today!
our son is now three months old and we have to put him on his playmat to keep him awake.
our son started on the first speed and is now on four.we did have the bolt come out where the swing attached to the seat but we just walked into our garage and found a longer screw.
for those who don't have one a local store will for under .50 cents, that way you don't have to wait for it to be mailed to you from the makers.
your baby will love love love this swing.
i love the ocean wonders line.
the swing is great.
i love that it swings as a cradle, side to side and front to back.
the music and ocean sounds offer a nice variety and the light up mobile keeps my daughter amused.
it functions as both a toy for amusement and a soothing swing to lull your baby to sleep.
my daughter loves it.
my wife and i just retired our ocean wonders swing now that our son has outgrown it and i think that we all felt that it was tough to see it go back into the box.
we found that a swing is invaluable for a baby for several reasons:1.
the swing really soothed our son and helped him fall asleep and establish a daily nap schedule.2.
very well except for a few minor points.pros* very sturdy and durable* really good activities above and in front of baby keep him/her happy and interested* multiple seat settings, both in terms of recline and in terms of the swing direction, i.e.
this second point is surprisingly rare in swings, but you want to have all options when your feeling out your baby's preferences.
smaller babies will be moving too fast even on the slowest settings.
* the sturdiness comes at a cost in terms of size - it takes up a pretty good size footprint.
we recouped some space by storing baby items underneath it where there was plenty of clearance space.all in all, this was a great swing.
my daughter is 4 months old now and she's loved it since she was 2 weeks old!
enjoy and sleep better!
the ocean wonders aquarium swing has a huge price tag for not coming with an a/c adapter.
my son loves the set so much, that we bought a chaper mobile and replaced that part.
we love our zanzibar set and have received many compliments on it.
we washed the bumper, curtains, drapes and sheets and all came out great.
this crib set is so wonderful!
it is gorgeous and is perfect for a little boy's room if you don't want everything to be baby blue!
the valance is big enough to fit even large windows.
we completed the look with the mobile, hamper,  lamp and wall hangings and our son's nursery is really nice and comfortable.
the muted colors combined with dark red curtains has made his room a nice little cave that is so relaxed that he frequently sleeps in.
and, you moms know, it is nice to sleep in when you have a baby!
the colors of the actual articles are much more vibrant than shown in the pictures.
the set is made of fabrics with different textures.
in addition, the design allows you to use the set through your child's toddlers year.
i just got this bedding for my son from babies r us.
i use it in a dark brown crib.
it looks great.
the color scheme is warm and the design of the animals goes well in a baby's room.
my son likes to look at the different animals on the bumper while he falls asleep.the set comes with 6 pieces - bed skirt, bumper, quilt, valance (approx.
with my previous children, i bought much cheaper sets and got what i paid for.
this set is beautiful.
the bumper and comforter are twice as thick as cheaper versions and you cannot match the detail.
well worth it and althought this will be my last child,  it could easily be passed on to another.
the cover is also very easy to take off when you want to wash it (no screwdrivers needed).
my daughter is very comfortable in it and the sides come out enough to keep her head somewhat upright when sleeping, but still allow her to see out the side windows.what i also liked was that unlike other car seats, the tether can be used when the seat is rear-facing.
this was so easy to install and very safe.
also, you cannot go wrong with this beautiful fabric.
i love it--not another pink, but very girlie and sweet.
i love it!
well worth the $$.
this seat is absolutely perfect!
this seat is fabulous!!!
it was a great value for the money in our opinion.
it is a very safe seat and easy to install.
my daughter is tall so this seat was perfect for her and will fit her until she's 65 lbs.
i loved the ashley floral pattern...not only cute and girly but practical for the hot summers here in texas.
i highly recommend this seat!
we love this car seat, in fact, its our second marathon carseat.
the wife loves the cow pattern, our other is a standard gray color.
i have a lot of friends who use britax and this came highly recommended to me.
i loved the pattern, we are country at heart and the fabric is amazing.
i have washed this seat several times and it still looks like new.
we used the tether and fastened it to the frame work of front seat along with securing the latch system....the seat didn't move an inch!
ds#1 loved being in this bigger seat.
when he was of age and big enough we turned the seat around forward facing and i loved how easy it was to install with the latch system.
* the harness is nevery tangly and is very easy to adjust as well* the seat is not too huge, it fits nicely in my suv or my husbands pick-up truck* the seat cover can go in the wash, very easy to take on and off, and its easy to spot clean* the seat isnt too big or small, i think my boys will outgrow it at 3 1/2ish* it works great rear-facing as well and was very easy to adjust and reqline* my boys fall asleep comfortably in it, and they have never had car problems, at first i thought it may just be that they are great babies (which they are) but in a triumph that my mom has, they wouldnt sleep and they would constantly whine* very safe, we have the fire/police department check our seats, and they are installed perfectly and are very very safe* they arent outrageously expensive like the decathalon, and they come in many many prints* the carseats style doesnt pop out my sons legs like in the triuph, and they are great for attatching link-a-doos toi love this carseat, we have 4, two for each car.
i want my baby to have the best of everything, to be comfy as can be and to be safe.
the seat is large and obstructs my view out the rear passenger window.
:(
this seat is really great, i can't say enough good things about it.first of all, my 7 month old son fits perfectly and rides so comfortably in it.
he outgrew his carrier, and i wanted a safe, and snuggly seat for him to move into.
), but the fabric is so plush and soft.
if you're going to get a top of the line model, i figure take advantage of the fun prints that are offered!
it's great because it is so soft and lush, but he doesn't sweat in it at all, and he's a big sweater!
it's a great safety feature that only britax has.
the seat is large, but does not take up the entire back seat, still allowing two other passengers to ride back there.while the carrier was great for the early months, this is the absolute best for older babies, and kids.
this seat seems very comfortable for my little girl to ride in.
like the decathlon odyssey, it reclines very well for rear facing (we haven't used it forward facing yet) and is also very padded for her comfort.
the print is so adorable and super soft.
i love that britax has the "hugs" system because not once have i had to untwist those darn harness straps like in her infant seat.
this seat is also a breeze to install.
this is definitely one i recommend!!!
5+ stars!!!!
well, i am not taking the chance, so back it goes.
this is a great seat, he looks very comfortable in it.
what's also great is taking the straps in and out of the seat if needed to clean or adjust for baby's height.
it is amazing how simple the design is yet it's very safe and secure.
well worth the money!
yep!
we bought a britax and an evenflo.
but by far the best part is that my son is a happy little camper in this seat.
straps are easy to adjust and not a lot of twisting.
my second child is in this one and my first is in his original cosco one.
my son is now 8 months old, and we love it.
we are americans living in europe and travel a lot, and he travels in it like a champ.
again, my son is really happy in his seat.bottom line, i would buy it again and would recommend it to my best friend!
lately, though, i noticed my ability to pump enough milk had been dropping quite a bit.
pumping is no fun.
this is perfect for over producers!
i love this pump.
it is efficient, easy to clean, perfect for travel, small, doesn't make an obnoxious sucking noise like electric pumps, doesn't have any wires or tubes, and all around makes me feel like much less of a dairy cow.
the contoured shield is great (i much prefer it).
sometimes if the breast isn't fitting into the shield exactly right it seems to lose suction, but a small adjustment always fixes the issue.
i love this pump.
with this manual pump and my electric medela pump-in-style.this manual pump works well with extraction.
always high quality stuff!
anyway this manual breast pump works great for on the go.
it works great.
it does not work great when your not full.
i don't feel it has enough sucking power to get the deep down milk (if that makes sense)  but i works great when your full.
but otherwise it works great and is a great price.
def worth the money and gets an a+ in my book.
this pump is great!
it's easy to clean and easy to use.
i haven't tried any others, but i love the medela harmony.
its easy to use and very quiet.
i was almost glad my son lost the piece to the other one!
this is as easy a manual pump to use as i could hope for.
the pumping action is smooth and easy to operate.
the feeling while pumping is a little different than with pump-in-style though, but i'm still very pleased with the purchase
i received this pump at the hospital where my son was born.
i also have an electric pump, but this one is very handy, is easy to pump and works really well.
it is also easy to clean.
i bought this because it makes it easier to express a small amount of milk for mixing with baby food or cereal.
it's super easy to take apart and clean.
right now i pump into the medela freezer storage tube containers.
super easy and convenient!
i definitely recommend it!
this is a wonderful pump, does a great job.
very comfortable, with great suction, well designed, etc.
and it will break, sometimes within few weeks.
you want to replace it?
- sure, medela sells it along with the whole stem piece for like $20.
the harmony is super comfortable and i've managed to get 4 ounces in a relatively quick amount of time using it.
sometimes it might be difficult to get the suction working correctly, especially if you're used to the electric pump, but once you do, it's incredibly efficient.
the main differences between the two are the ease of use and the easy clean-up (less parts to disassemble) on the part of the medela.the handle on the medela swivels, allowing for comfortable pumping with either hand and any position.
i also have an adapter from playtex that allows me to pump directly from the avent pump into the drop-ins as well, and you can receive one for free if you call playtex.
easy to clean, assemble and use.
okay, i've never tried other hand pumps but this thing is terrific.
i love this breast pump!
it has been the only pump i've needed, and i always recommend it to my new-mom friends.
the harmony only has five pieces, and they easily come apart for cleaning.
i didn't even need to read the instruction manual.- because it doesn't require electricity, you can use it anywhere.
after 15 months of near-daily use, my harmony is still as good as new.like any hand pump, the harmony has several downsides, but they're not as significant you might expect:- because you can only pump one breast at a time, extracting milk with the harmony necessarily takes longer than with an electric pump.
however, unlike a plugged-in electric pump, it doesn't keep you in one place.
and even if you have an electric pump at home, this is great to use on the go.
i highly recommend it!
i love, love, love this pump!!
it actually makes it harder to use because the handle is not stable as i'm pumping.
also my baby is fascinated by the pump and constantly smacks and grabs at it, which makes the handle wiggle around even more.2.
easy to use & clean.
works great!
i love this.
take it with me to work and pump 2-3 times, get about 8-10 oz all together.
easy to clean.
i feed my baby pumped milk 100% and i wanted to have a spare manual pump for my diaper bag.
i find that the advent manual pump is much more powerful.
easy to assemble, easy to clean, pumps nicely.
it is nice to use while breast feeding baby.
my baby is not a very good breast feeder.
i find myself pumping and taking bottles places so i don't have to stress about it and so my husband can help feed him.
here's what i've noticed about it:the good:-ease of use: this is very simple to use.
i love that i can adjust my pumping speed and strength according to my milk flow.
the bottles, caps, yellow valves, membranes and breastshields all work between the two systems.
it's very handy since i bought the 27mm shields, now i can use them on both my manual pump and my regular pump.-extras: i am pleased that this came with a few extras, some of which wasn't listed.
it included: pump, 2 bottles, 2 lids, 2 membranes, 1 valve, instructions, breastfeeding guide (which i found very handy when i first came home from the hospital) and a bonus nipple, lid and collar.
this works well on-the-go as an alternate pump if you are not guaranteed to have an electric outlet -- or if you simple don't want to lug around the much heavier medela electric pumps.
the pump is very effective.
after your muscles become acclimated to the motion, it's quite handy and fast.
the base bottle holder is excellent.
i loved it and it was all i ever used.
it's portable, durable, easy to use, quiet...the list goes on and on.
the extra bottle comes in handy.
i love that and it is very fast, since you can do two sides at one time, but this is still in my arsenal.
it's way more compact, doesn't have all the tubing, and doesn't require a battery pack or power plug.
i have to pump due to latching issues, and even though i have the medela double electric pump in style, i often use this manual pump because it works so well for me.
i have also found its a great way to get rid of those clogged ducts that can come on after frequent pumping.
i love the pump when it works.
my body responds best to this manual pump than it does medela symphony, but unfortunately there are a few flaws.
it also leaks with the bottle it came with.
when it works, it's the best thing i can use, but it has it's drawbacks.
if you have trouble with this, shield size makes a huge difference.
i like how small and light this pump is.
it works well for a supplement pump.
i have a pump in style advanced which i leave at my office, and that works well for pumping at regular intervals throughout the workday.
i ordered a replacement part directly from medela and the customer service is good.
we are using glass bottles over the plastics and these fit with them all!
!this is very easy to clean & sterilize & assemble back.
i noticed that it was actually a bit small to use for both breasts.
especially with engorgement i would have to use both of the bottles.
also the handle is massive and a it cumbersome to use.
will have look around for a better manual pump that doesn't slip and slide all over the place!
i own this manual pump as well as an electric double pump, and i actually use this way more.
it's just super-easy to put together and use.
i'm also able to get a good amount of milk at my own pace/strength.
i've packed this on trips and used in a public bathroom without feeling nervous since it's quiet and discreet.
highly recommend.
i loved this.
i highly recommend this to those of you who wish to pump and have some sensitivity issues.
but it is mentioned in one of the booklets that comes in the package that most of the pumps come with a 24mm breastshield.
(annie-first time mom)
i love it!
so easy to use, and convenient!
for a working mom, that pumps 8-10x daily, adding a little pump here and there is great.
and is silent!
love the flange that can be replaced by my pumpin pals flange.
great purchase!!!!
very efficienti just used this on a road trip and it is much faster than my in style advance while running on the battery and its just easier to use when you're in a hurry2.
good fitif you have medela personal breast shields in a size other than standard this is great because it works with other medela shields3.
convenienti'll be leaving my in style advanced at the office as this is perfect for occasional weekend use and when i'm out and about and have left my baby at home with a bottle.highly recommended!
i love how easy to use this pump is.
it's easy to use, easy to take apart and clean and easy to assemble.
when i bought mine it also had samples of the medela breast pads, nipple cream and 2 bottles in the box....a nice bonus.
i use this pump mostly at night and pump the opposite side from which my son is feeding.
in all honesty, i use this pump sometimes while at home and i don't feel like setting my electric breast pump up.
this pump is very convenient but awesome quality!
it also works out your arm muscles, which is a huge plus!
every new mom deserves a healthy, happy beginning.
it is comfortable and fills the bottles up well.
talk about multitasking - a requirement for all of us mommies!glad i got this, and also glad i have the double automatic pump.be sure to check with your health insurance before buying a pump, since many will cover part or all the cost.
:)
my wife says this is easy and comfortable to use.
i purchased this pump as a supplement to my double electric pump to help relieve engorgement prior to feeding.
having not used my electric pump yet and being somewhat intimidated by the whole process, i was relieved at how comfortable, easy and quick it was to use and how much milk i was able to pump in such a short amount of time.
i wouldn't recommend this as a primary pump for going back to work, but works great as a supplement.
i was able to return the pump and bought a medela swing to replace it.
i use a large double electric breastpump at work (medela pump in style) and like it ok, but it's large and cumbersome to use at home.
so, i use this little manual pump whenever i'm home and used it during my maternity leave to build up a stash before returning to work -- it's wonderful.
super easy to use, quick, and much more comfortable than my electric pump.
highly recommended by a breastfeeding working mom of two!!!
at first it worked amazing, but after using it only a handful of times, it started to lose suction.
invest in an electric pump if you can.
medela products are known to be great, and they generally are, but...
read on:i was given one of these harmony pumps after my daughter's birth, and it worked great.
as well, good luck finding replacement parts anywhere except online.
if you insist on buying the medela harmony, and you're buying the right pump for your needs, you'll probably be satisfied (i also found that i had a more productive time with the harder flange instead of the "massaging" one that comes with this pump - and those you can get in most places medela pumps are sold).
and keep an eye on that o-ring.
i started pumping with the medela hands free super-expensive-amazing-pump because that's the pump my daughter's pediatrician recommended.
the amazing thing about this hand pump is the suction is in your control.
easy peazy.
i highly recommend.
i both pumped and breastfed from day 1 - 7 1/2 months ago.
it's easy to use, easy to clean, and easy to take with you everywhere.
i use it multiple times a day and it works as well as it did when i first bought it.
fantastic for quick expression.
there is definitely a learning curve for manual pumping!
i'm a second time breast feeding mom and i got this pump along with purely yours electric pump.
it is a life savior!!!
i am able to go on full day picnics and other outings thanks to this pump.
easy to clean and assemble!
definitely a must have!
this is a great pump.
i use this every day, 3 times a day to pump at work.
for what it's worth - the pump fits the evenflo bottles very well, and the ameda bottles fairly well.
my insurance covered the full cost of the medela pump in style, which i use daily while at work.
while you can't beat an electric double pump for efficiency, sometimes it's really nice to have a hand pump.
i chose this one simply because the valves, bottles, and breast shields are interchangeable with the ones for my electric pump, and it works just fine.
it's really easy to clean since the pumping part itself never comes in contact with milk.having a great sleeper, i've struggled with engorgement, especially at night, and this hand pump has quickly become essential.
it's so much quieter and easier to set up than my electric pump that it's perfect for quick night-time relief.
i used it for several times but i didnt like it.the edge of shield is firm.
mipump by first years.
it costs twice the price of this pump, but it sucks really gentle but strong enough (you can adjust the strength of pumping) with a sort of vibration.
it is electrical and works both from batteries and electricity.
and pumps 2 breasts at one time.shields are very soft.
it works really well and i was able to collect milk fairly quickly.
when the time comes, i will probably leave my electric pump at work and keep this pump at home.
very handy - i purchased this after the advice from some friends, and it's been a life saver.
easy to pump one side while nursing, or pump right after without having to bust out my big medela pump...makes life easier with a newborn & toddler.
but if you're struggling a ton in the beginning, it might be worth it to you.
i thought this pump was great, but i still prefer my electric.
this is good for on the run, but it's definitely not good for everyday use.
an electric one is a must, but this o is great to fit in your purse for when you can't lug around the big electric one, but need to get the job done.
this medela harmony manual breast pump works just great.
once i received it, i was amazed at how well it works!
i love the swivel handle feature to this pump.
this allows you to pump at an angle that's comfortable for you and is a tad easier on the hands than other brands.
according to its website "many women appear to benefit from a size other than the standard 24 mm breastshield.
in one study, many moms were fitted with either a large or extra large breastshield within the first days after birth, and even more moms eventually used these larger sizes in order to pump comfortably and effectively."
most of medela's breast pump kits (manual and electric) come with a size 24mm breastshield.
unfortunately a store that would carry spare shields is quite far away.
i love this pump!
i used the medela pump in style with my second son, and while it worked great, it would sometimes make my breasts sore from pumping.
the speed of getting milk is the same as others, and it has the added benefit of being quiet.
this is great for pumping while working.
i highly recommend this pump!!
i used the avent for a week, and never pumped more than an ounce and a half at a time.so i tried the medela harmony, and i love it!
unlike the avent, it's easy to use with one hand, so i can nurse my daughter on one side and pump the other side.
the medela harmony manual breastpump is great, i love it.
it is so easy to use, has a dual phase, less parts to clean, lightweight so you can throw it in the diaper bag and pump whenever needed, and has wonderful suction power.
great price at $30 (got mine on sale).
medela is a reputable comany which also puts my mind at ease if something were to break and i know it is the best quality.
for frequent pumping, you need to get a medela pump in style (the advanced model has the dual phase, the original does not).
it is easy to use and super effective.
it works as good as the electric breast pump.
it is also easy to clean.
unlike many of the reviewers, i exclusively pump--that is, my son only gets breast milk, but i do not nurse him.
being able to use it left-handed or right-handed is a huge plus.i give it only four stars because the silicon part on the handle has a tendency to get loose and i lose suction in the middle of pumping.note for avent bottle users:  you can buy, for about $10.00, a set of adaptors (i bought mine at buy buy baby) that allow you to attach the wide avent bottles right to this or any of the other similarly styled medela pumps.
it works great.
i have the medela double electric pump and it works wonderfully.
our newborn is exclusively breastfeed (still refusing to take a bottle...we're working on that still ;) ) but we still needed a pump for various reasons (relieve engorgement, store milk in freezer for future, etc).at first, as many of you i am sure have/are going through, pumping was uncomfortable for my wife.
we highly, highly recommend going to a lactation consultant for tips.
if you saw one at the hospital when you delivered, but their tips are still resulting in pain for you, see a different one!
thanks to the new lactation consultant my wife breast feeds now like a pro!
try different sizes...it really makes a huge difference if the shield is not properly fitted to you.2) rub some nipple cream (we use motherlove) on the inside of the shield before pumping.we use evenflo glass bottles with this pump and they fit great.
this pump is great for when you need to pump at work or travel.... but if you are breastfeeding i highly suggest investing in an electric double breast pump.
so worth it!
but its good.
looses suction power after a while though
works great.
it's really easy to clean and very smooth moving and quiet.
it has a deeper pull and smoother action than my pump.
it does the job if you have a lot of time and patience.
i have an electric medela pump in style as well as a manual tommee tippee pump.
that lady is lugging around a breast pump!&#34; the grip on this pump is comfortable and easy to squeeze.
i tend to use my electric pump at a higher setting, and the opening of the tommee tippee breast shield is so small that it contributes to the good suction i can get with that pump.
this pump is easy to use and convenient.
also, it is easy to wash.
i would say this is great for the occasional use, but go with an electric if you want to pump all the time.
it did work well that one time.
the lactation nurse in the hospital brought me the medela symphony (the fancy, hospital-grade pump) to help me along.
it worked great and i even rented it for 2 months.
it takes about 30 minutes to pump both sides at one sitting.
i like the portability to walk around if needed unlike with the electric pumps... it's super lightweight.
easy to use, clean and store.
easy to use, easy to clean, i'm in control which makes it more comfortable and it's a great price (same with accessories).
very convenient to use in the middle of the night to relieve engorgement.
(still use the mechanical pump though).anyway, great buy and works great!
this manual pump works really fast!
i absolutely love the manual, when i am only pumping a few ounces or only from one side, it is perfect.
it is easy to clean and use.
not worth buying if you don't have an abundance of milk.
i am very happy with this purchase.
it is comfortable and easy to use and i am glad i went against friends opinions that i had to have an electric pump.
i have a medela pump in style advanced, which i love for work.
however it isn't that convenient for at home use and travel.
i first noticed that i needed a manual pump when my husband and i made two plane trips with the baby.
i brought the bicycle pump style manual pump that medela includes with the pump in style.
so i began shopping for an easy to use manual pump.
the harmony has fewer parts making it easier to clean.
i easily can fill one of the medela bottles they include with the pump (they include 2) and it is so easy and quiet to use.
since the handle swivels and you can pump one handed, it can also be used while you nurse your baby.
plus, you can easily throw this pump into a purse, along with a small cooler pack to take with you.
make sure the membrane is firmly pressed into the valve.
also in the handle, there is a silicone insert with a yellow oval valve inside.
make sure that the yellow oval is properly aligned with the silicone insert.in any case, i definitely recommend this pump for at home use and as a supplement to the pump in style.
medela was very nice about it and easy to deal with.another update:  i have now had my harmony for 4 months.
it still is an effective pump, but i am not fully satisfied with the quality.
i absolutely love this pump.
it is sooo easy to use!
well worth the 30 dollars, i would have gladly paid that.
i will definitely be recommending this to all of my friends!
i use them frequently and one is usually in the dishwasher while the other is in use.
it is a wonderful pump and i have even been more successful with it than with $200+ electric pumps.
awesome hand pump.
very easy to use and clean.
great for pumping on a regular basis or for expressing milk when engorged.
medelas high quality as usual for a great price!
love it!
i love it had a pump before this 1 and it didn work as well i get more milk in a shorter space of time every mothers milk production is different  but it works for me get the right personal fit breast shield which makes pumping more efficient and faster and this could be the perfect pump.
so easy and comfortable to use, can be used with one hand can & can pump with either end of handle.
it works great and the suction is perfect.
very quick, gentle, quiet when i am using it.
very good.
this is a great back up pump.
i also found that i can pump one side while baby nurses the other due to the ease of use and swivel handle.one feature of the harmony is the "let-down" squeeze which is quick pumps that help stimulate let-down.
i will say that i found i got almost as good of a yield with this as with my double electric, so that's nice.
like that you can use medela flanges and bottles.
and though some people think electric pumps should be used by working moms i wanted a small and quiet hand pump to express milk at work.
this pump worked wonderfully for about 3 months.
also, my daughter refused to take the weird-shaped nipples, and i ended up using a different brand nipple that fit these bottles.
on the upside, this pump is very easy to take apart, clean, and put back together.
even if you're a stay-at-home mom, if you're breastfeeding, a pump of some kind is a necessity.
works great, is inexpensive, and works with all medela pump pieces (flanges, etc).
), and easy to use, i've found this pump does an even better job with milk removal than my electric medela pump.
definitely one of my most necessary baby items!
i have a medela pump in style i use at work.
it is easy to clean and has held up well.
i wanted something super simple and easy to use.
it's easy to clean and sterilize and assemble.
i am a first-time mother of a four-month-old who exclusively breastfeeds and i've gone back to work part-time.
the first time baby and i flew to visit my parents, i brought the pis as my carry-on and stuffed it with my stuff (as well as all the necessary parts).
it's working perfectly.
as someone else already said, even if you're not apart at all, baby's schedule doesn't always coincide with your girls', so a little relief is imperative.pros: simple, few parts, works well, quiet, easy to use, 2 stages.cons: haven't found any yet.
this worked out perfectly!
it was comfortable and easy to use.
i also like that everything comes apart easily so that i would wash and steralize every part.
this is great for moms who are on the road alot.
be careful with the shield sizes.
this is a great little pump.
i love this pump!
the shield is very comfortable and made from a softer material than the avent.
this pump also has a feature for lighter pumping during milk letdown.
at first i was really happy with it.
don't buy this, period
love it, i have this additionally to my medela freestyle which i now can keep at my office and still pump occasionally at home with the manual pump.sometime i think i'm even quicker with this manual pump but then if zou have to pump both breasts anyway, it's still quicker with teh double electric pump.love the stand that comes with it.
i also think it's very easy to clean.
i used this pump with my son who was breast feed for 7 months.
it does not hold suction very well and when it did i found it ok strong.
but, sometimes you gotta pump.
i have a nice electric medela and then bought this one for vacation in europe.
even though the electric was around $200....it's definitely worth it to me.
the first couple it seemed to work great but didn't suck as well as an electric.
the customer service at medela is excellent.
i had to travel and didn't want to bring my large electrical breast pump.
it is also easy to clean.
this is an easy breast pump to use and comes with extra bottles.
i like the quality of medela and the design of this pump makes it comfortable to use and much less painful if you have wrist or hand problems but still need a quick, easy, quiet pump.
this manual pump is so great.
the suction on this is amazing!
and its much easier to carry around than the huge pump.
you can control the speed and the length of the suction.
great to have for on the go if you have to pump.
i was able to use this pump enough to keep my milk up.it is portable, quiet and very easy to use.
spills easily if tilted at all, wasting ounces of milk (when unscrewing the bottle, for example)5.
it's compact and very easy  to use.
works really well and is super portable and quiet.
and the price is right for the job being done.
the harmony has been a godsend and the fact that it was one of the most affordable pumps was great.
despite all this i have been able to continue to provide him with almost 100% breastmilk thanks to both my harmony pump and the pump in style that my sister gave me.
i have had to pump both sides up to 6 times a day every day and found that the harmony gets the job done just as fast as the double electric pump does.
it still works perfect and continues to be the best $ i have spent.
love this pump!!
it is better to use an electric breast pump.
i bought this manual pump as a back up for my medela pump in style and to travel with.
it's easy to use and gets the job done, though of course not as fast or convenient as an electric pump.
it is the great quality i've come to expect from medela.
my manuals include the lansinoh, the medela harmony and two generations of avent pumps.
these pumps are comfortable to use and generate a lot of milk, but the valve system is a small dime sized piece of plastic that pops out while pumping and easily gets lost.
those are a must for avent users.philips avent comfort breast pump valves.
this pump is cheaper than the avent, and uses the same type of valve, so unlike the medela, it is almost as effective as the avent at getting milk.
still, i prefer the avent for two reasons: first, the massage cushion on the avent has "petal" air pockets that i like, and second, the lansinoh takes much more effort to pump.
so, well, i can see certain advantages to this lansinoh (cost, bottles), it's not my favorite.
(4)philips avent manual comfort breast pump(aka the newer model avent).
these pumps are the best.
the only disadvantages are that they are somewhat harder to assemble than the medela and can't accommodate different nipple sizes, cost more than the lansinoh and require special avent shaped bottles (usually included).
still, the assembly difference is small, and i can learn to control milk spill.
when i do pump, i always use my harmony pump rather than my electric pump in style pump.
both are great products, but you can't beat the harmony for convenience.
i still can't decide whether i'm in love with it, or not.
but this pump is great when you travel.
it's super light, and small.
in addition i hated all those tubes.
this is a nice option for those without electricity or if you want a silent pump.
this pump is so easy and comfortable to use!
i actually got it for free from the hospital, but i would gladly pay for it knowing how great it works.
i also have an evenflo manual breast pump, and it crap compared to the awesome medela one!
works great.
quick, comfortable, compact.
worth every penny.
pleasantly surprised!
i'm very happy with this purchase overall.
i will keep them with me when ever i use the pump.
my husband is a genius!
if you are planning to stay at home and you are going to pump only a couple of times a day (maybe 2 or 3) this is a great pump.
i'm very happy with it!
i used it for 7 months and still works perfect.
3rd to 5th months every 4 hours every day, and 6th and 7th months 2 times a day.my only recommendation is that you look for the correct size of the breastshield since it comes with a 24mm that's a medium size: [...]i remember cleaning every part every time i used it and it was a job, but it's easier if you clean it with hot water and dishwashing liquid right away after use it.
my double electric pump will get the job done when i go back to work full-time, but right now i am pumping once a day at home to build up my reserves or when i am out and away from baby.
this pump comes apart for easy cleaning and i especially like not having to deal with tubing.
i haven't tried other manual pumps so i don't know if it's the best but i am very happy with it.
this pump works great!
i found it powerful enough for occassional use and it's not as painful as the electronic one.
it's comfortable, gentle (since i get to control it, obviously), and works well.
hauling around that huge backpack pump is just not an option sometimes.
this is the best manual pump on the market.
it makes pumping quick and efficient.
if you plan to pump full time, i would suggest an electric pump, such as the medela pump in style advanced.
i tried multiple pumps and this one is my favorite.
it is the most comfortable manual pump and very easy to clean.
good pump strength mimics electric pump if you have a good seal with the breast shield.
easy to clean and easy to use - definitely recommend for breastfeeding moms!
i use a double electric everyday at work, but for weekend trips it is nice to have something smaller to travel with.
they are amazing while they work, but all three suddenly lost suction.
i ordered a new pump at the end of may and that tiny white piece was gone the first week of june.
such a great short-term fix.
thanks for the suggestion!
i love this pump!
my daughter didnt latch on right away and i used this pump since day 1!
she still doesn't latch on and now she is 6m and still breastfed.
it comes with everything described and it is all handy!
all extras will be useful someday when pumping everyday!
it was a little bit of work to put this together, but definitely not the hardest piece of furniture that i have ever put together.
we are still using this now that my son is 9 months old.
this is a beautiful changing table and it is fairly easy to find baskets for the openings.
nice design.
love the cubby holes for organizing and extra storage!
very pretty to look at.
also the drawers don't slide as easy as i'd like.
the cubbies are nice for holding baskets for readily used items and the drawers are a nice size.
once put together, though, it's very sturdy.
the finish seems easy to clean which is a bonus.
this table/dresser combo is great, especially for our small nursery where we don't have room for a large dresser.
other than that, it looks nice and works well in our small space.
this was very cute and i loved it.
a few months later the drawers no longer opened and closed properly and it became wobbly and tightening the bolts didnt help.
it takes a long time to build, but it is very high quality and well worth the time it takes to assemble!
my husband and i just put this changing table together today.
we've assembled several pieces of furniture from ikea so we felt fairly comfortable with our abilities.
i bought three storage containers from target and they fit perfectly in the little cubby areas (see my photo under customer images).
first of all, our kit came without instructions.
i'm hoping customer service will expedite the missing/damaged/incorrect pieces.
invest in a quality piece of furniture!
this changing table was actually pretty easy to put together.
if you pay close attention to the pictures they are really detailed and show you which way to put things on.it was packed nicely, and i had no missing pieces, i actually had a couple extra dowels.
it didn't come with any screws you just slide it in between the two end pieces, it doesn't seem very safe.the changing table in full, is very sturdy and very nice looking.
i haven't had a chance to use the changing table part of it, because my baby hasn't came yet.
but, it seems very sturdy and will support him.
****update 3/4/13*****i use this changing table nearly everyday!
my son is now nearly 9 months old and he still fits perfectly on top of this changing table.
i am 5'6" and the top of the changing table is at a great height.
still like it a lot.
it didn't feel sturdy at first and i was about to think that all of my hard work had been for nothing, but once i nailed on the backing, it stopped wiggling and moving back and forth.overall, i think it's a beautiful piece and i'm very pleased with the way it looks in our nursery.
i still have 7 weeks to go before baby is here, but i'm certain it will be sturdy enough for her into her toddler years.
if you don't mind spending a little time and elbow grease putting it together, it's worth it!
there was one piece that was cracked.
make sure you check all pieces when it arrives.
i requested a new part from south shore direct and they had it shipped by fedex within the week.
also most of the strength of the piece comes from the cardboard you nail to the back.
not a big fan of the plastic drawer sliders either.
it looks great in my sons room and perfectly matches his graco crib!
the cubby holes are perfect for storing our cloth diapers and other diapering needs!
we finally put this changing table together today since we're expecting our son to make his entrance within a month.
the quality of the piece is very good for the price.
for what you pay for it, this is a great piece of furniture.
it looks beautiful in our nursery.
overall, i'm really happy with it!
the changing table came quickly and was packaged properly.
it looks beautiful in our nursery and has plenty of space in the drawers/cubbies!
it's not the fanciest, it's not solid wood but it's very functional and perfect for our needs.
don't know how long it will last.....  for your/baby's health, assemble it in open environment and make sure air out before put baby cloths in drawer.
we received this changing table as a gift.
it was easy to put together and is very sturdy.
if you aren't handy, don't get this changing table!
it's a really cute piece of furniture, once it's put together, but that's the hard part!
it is beautiful and sturdy.
we may just buy new knobs that look & fit nicer.
all in all we are very happy with it and it will fit baskets about 8.5 inches wide and 12 inches long (that's what i bought anyway from ikea and they look great).
great value and adorable in a nursery!!
i have loved this changing table.
it's doing a great job.
there were also some issues with two other parts (scratches and dents).
i'd return it, but it may affect my marriage to ask my husband to take it apart after all the work.
i love this changing table.
my husband ended up going to the hardware to buy the a piece of board to replace the broken board and well the crackers is still there.
amazon is the best
we bought this for the nursery to match the graco charleston crib.
my husband and i were very happy with the changing table.
it seemed worth it to pay a little more for a couple drawers to help cut down on clutter.the shipping was excellent--as always.
the packing was solid and "ikea-like" in how compact and protected it was.it seemed very easy to assemble--as much as you can expect in this type of furniture.
there weren't any scratches from construction or moving it.
compared to our experience with graco we would highly recommend this purchase.
called the company and the immediately sent out replacement pieces, super easy.assembly was a different story.
you will need two people.the backing is just cardboard.
we got this changing table for our baby shower (it was purchased in walmart).we were  very excited and started putting it together.
my husband called customer service and they said they would ship the part to us right away and free of charge (there is a one-year warranty!
nice!
my father in law put this together and its is so nice!
what i love most is there is so much drawer space and the 3 cubby are really nice and deep as well.
i plan to keep this well beyond my infant and transition it into a dresser.
the quality is great and i love decorating further more because of it.
great changing table, lots of room for storage, easy to put together.
fits nicely in the room without being too big.
first, if you're super-picky about your furniture being perfect, don't buy from this company.
and the dowels then lined up perfectly with the locks on the other pieces of wood, further proving that i had them in the right place.
they were also a bit disorganized - in the middle of building the frame, the instructions then detour to assembling the drawers, and once you've done that you return to assembling the frame.
the drawers are probably sturdy enough to last a few years of light use.
i like the open slots at the top for diapers, wipes, and other changing gear.
we ordered this changing table for our granddaughter and have no regrets!
high quality and perfect for our needs!
this was easy to put together, the packaging was amazing, and the table looks great!
it was simple and very clear on the instructions..
if you are considering buying this table i highly recommend it.
very nice quality for the price glad i made this choice.
it's worth it.
good luck!!!
first of all, its a piece of furniture.
whatever it is, it works just fine.
i got this for a 1 year old and have heard nothing but great reviews from her parents.
this one got her excited for bath time and keeps her occupied so bath time is easier on mom and dad.
it's an okay toy i guess, but don't expect anything spectacular.
love it!
she loves getting into the bathtub and playing with her kitchen!
this toy has been a huge help.
it made a great addition to my daughter's easter basket!
my daughter liked it a lot and enjoys chewing on the antennae.
i think it makes a great baby toy!
this is such a cool lil worm :) lots of cool colors and cute happy face.
makes some noise when shaken and very flexible.
i suppose it wasn't as easily rattle-y as his other toys, but who knows.
bought this for a baby shower gift and she loved it!!!
company was awesome!!!
keep up the good work i would highly recommend this !!
!kc
weird little worm with a cute little face, twists and turns, bright colors and rings, what more does a toy need?
especially my daughter bites the antennas =))  and its not a bug its a future butterfly-the cutterpillar
my mom bought this for our son!
my baby love this toy!
it is colorful and cute and keeps her entertained for hours!
i am not a germaphobe, but i do go grocery shopping a lot, and want my baby to be comfortable and happy while i do it.
:-(
this was one of my best finds on amazon!
we got the funny farm version.
the velcro holds around seating areas.
my now 1 year old son loves this and sits/fits comfortably.
the boy is messy!but, for the price, i still cannot believe what a great find this was.
it works just as well.
often times it's just fine and works very well!
it will only fit a small bottle.
it fits nearly every shopping cart, it's easy to fold and unfold, and it gives me the peace of mind knowing that all of those shopping cart germs aren't coming home with us!
well worth the extra peace of mind it gives me.
i originally got my son a 20 dollar infantino cart cover from walmart.
i love it.
i can put it on a shopping cart while holding my son.
it has two loop holes on the front at the handles to attach toys and two stretchy pockets on the sides of the inside seat area for bottles or whatever.
definitely worth the price.
it works great on the average grocery/target/walmart cart etc.
it has lots of strong velcro pieces to adhere it back to itself and keep your baby from pulling it off.
you can loop the seat belt through the back of the cart seat for safety.
i'm happy.
i wanted one of these basically to keep toys close at hand and to give a bit of padding.
*important note - this does not fit the larger warehouse carts like [...] and [...]!
that said, you can still use it in those carts, it just doesn't have a custom fit at all.
*i can never seem to get it situated just right (probably because i don't use the velcro) and eventually just plop the kid in and hope for the best.
)overall?usable, but not entirely user-friendly.
so far, the clean shopper is working pretty well for us.the fabric is thick, so it doesn't make a tiny package.
it's a snug fit to get in there because of the wadded nature of the bundle, but it works fine.
it's a completely seperate piece.
i will also make certain i buckle the strap clips.it's a good seat cover overall, definitely worth having.
she liked the pockets on the sides for her bottle and snacks.
easy to wash and its super cute.
now, it will fit a standard cart, and while it is not big enough to fully cover a sam's club size cart, i still use it even there.
we use this a lot, the print is cute, and i am not worried about losing the simple "lap strap" that comes with it.
worth buying, i really love this thing and have gotten compliments on it as well.
very practical because we shop a lot - groceries, etc.
with this, she stays clean.
well it is fantastic!
it's very colorful, baby likes it and i especially like that my hands don't even have to touch the cart anymore!
definitely worth the money when you consider how many people touch a shopping cart, after sneezing in their hands, picking their nose, handling money and bloody packages in the meat department.
it was always a struggle/hassle to get my son's feet/shoes through them or out of them.
i don't spend alot of time making sure all the velcro is attached and i never use the seat belt since my daughter is not a wiggler and i never leave her unattended.
i've washed this several times and its still in great condition.
moreover, they're truer to the stated size.halo:halo innovations newborn 100% cotton sleepsack swaddle, sage pin dot
it always seemed that no matter how many times we swaddled our son, we could never get it tight enough.
our little boy was nice and snug in this and slept like a log once we wrapped him up.
great idea and was easy to use.
my daughter is a strong little girl and though she needed to be swaddled in order to actually sleep...she fought it most of the time.
i bought this item in hopes that it would be comfortable for her and easy to use.
swaddles my daughter who is only 2 weeks old and not even 7lbs great.
shes always very content while in it.
i just took it out of the package, washed it, then tried it on her without having to look at directions, so its simple to use.
definately worth the 10 bucks.
calms the parents and the child.
i never used the carseat option, but it is nice that you can have your baby strapped into a carseat and swaddled.
most of the other swaddle blankets are not nearly as nice as this one.
i got size small which my boys are swimming in amnd i can still wrap them more tightly and change them easier.these are definately not my favorite by far, i think i swaddle with a blanket better.
i think it has magic powers.
we bought this swaddler, along with the miracle blanket.
even though the miracle blanket is more expensive, we believe it works better and we will be able to use it longer.
the swaddle me cotton swaddler is very small and it does stretch, but our baby will outgrow it quickly.
my son was 6-13 at birth and the s/m fit him.
at such a reasonable price, it's worth getting two so you'll always have a clean one on hand.
even though they're both the same size, the fleece wrap is a bit smaller than the cotton wrap, especially in terms of the "wings."
skip the swaddleme and get an amazing miracle blanket.
i swear i don't work for them--it's just that the blanket design is amazing and miraculous!
the lightweight, soft, 100% cotton material is a great alternative to the heavier fleece for the warmer months.
the neutral green color is wonderful for both boys and girls.
it is easy to use and baby stays snuggly wrapped much better than the traditional recieving blanket.
mom and dad can rest assured that your precious little one will feel safe and secure in the "swaddle me".
and for the majority of us who are less-than-stellar at the technique, this is a 24/7 lifesaver!key points:--if you have a strong infant like our daughter, she will have the strength bust out of a wrapped-blanket swaddle.
even with the swaddleme, our daughter could get her hand up and out of the top, but this didn't preclude the soothing effect of the swaddle.--this knit fabric version (swaddleme also comes in flannel and fleece-y type fabric) is the easiest to use - fabric itself stretches, unlike the flannel, so you can get it really tight.--large "fuzzy-side" velcro patches allow for free-form positioning of the "loop-side" velcro tabs for a perfect, tight fit.--you must follow instructions and fasten down the loop-side velcro tabs before laundering.
simple and easy "uniform."
perfect for cooler weather (our daughter was born in october), but i think it might be a bit hot in summer.
otherwise, it is absolute perfection and completely essential!
the knit is much thinner/more flexible, and the resulting wrap is not as tight.
the small size is plenty large for the early period in an infant's life in which swaddling is required.
stays put and keeps them warm and snug.
what a great idea!
goes great with pampers swaddlers.
a large receiving blanket works well and is cheaper, easier to fold, and nicer looking.
these are priceless.
buy them before you even give birth and use them immediately, before your nipples have a chance to get sore.
i purchased these at baby's r us because of the good reviews, but i have not had any luck with them.
they are suppose to have a reservoir to catch the milk, but your nipple must protrude a certain distance in order for the shell to work.
therashells look under the shirt kind of funny, they don't feel as good as softshells either.
and cheaper!
the colors and designs are interesting.
it looks cool and works with your body heat to make the liquid move upwards.
they're very neat and kids will love playing with them.
it's a great way to introduce the concept of energy transfer.
every time i order one of these, i get the red one :( it works and it's a fun toy
these were stocking stuffers and my kids absolutely loved them... when i showed them how it worked they both said its magic!!
when they are older i will explain to them how it works but for now they are magic at christmas time and the kids love them.
i have them in both corners of my daughters rooms.
this was perfect for stuffed animals and books.
it holds lots of toys and very easy to put up!
also got it for a great price on here!!!
i am always impressed when i keep adding more animals and it keeps being able to hold them all.
the price is great and this really is the only way to store stuffed animals.
we bought 3 boon animal sacks and they held all of the animals in this net, with just a little room to spare.
and she was always hanging on it.
not safe.
i read the reviews and bought the jumbo toy hammock.
if you are looking for a hammock that will hold a huge amount of stuffed animals up off the bed, this is perfect.
this is indeed a jumbo toy hammock.this came with the mounting screws and was very easy to install.
the sides  that go flush with the wall are both a little bit elastic so they stretch  and give as you load this hammock up with animals.well worth the money.enjoy.
it's easy to put and holds a lot of stuff animals if you stack them right.
just the hooks by themselves work great.
my kids are happy and i am happy they are not cluttering the house
my daughter owns a lot of stuffed animals and this net gave me a way to keep them organized and not look messy.
great net and holds a lot.
this pet net is great!
it works great to keep toys up out of the way, and have room on the bed.
it's easy to install, and we have a ton of stuffed animals of all sizes packed into this thing!
this looks awesome in our daughter's room with all of her plush toys in it!
it fits a lot of soft toys and is such a smart solution.
we even put our two month old baby in with the toys to take a picture :) a very simple yet useful item!
i love this hammock.
i am pleased with the purchase.
it also helps if you have pets that think toys left on the floor are fair game.
looks great in my sons room!
quality products.
overall good quality and works well.
has to be hung pretty accurately for it to hold  good number of toys .
once set properyl it does its job welll .
this hammock works perfectly to contain them all while saving floor space.
we've had it for about a year now and it's good as new!
overall a really great purchase!
we put this in our daughters room and it will hold about 20 small stuffed animals.
i bought this to get 30 stuffed animals off our son's top bunk bed.
we've had it for more than a year and it's still in perfect shape.
you need a great deal of wall space to be able to accommodate this net.
having the net, allows visibility to all the toys, but keeps them contained and collected into a fun way.pro:  very useful for storing stuffed toys/dollscon: figuring out where to hang the 3 corner hooks so the net hangs properly is a bit challenging.
the picture looks great but the end result is far from ideal.
if you decide to purchase/install this, i highly recommend going to a hardware store and getting the kind of drywall anchors that you screw in (as opposed to hammering in).
this way they can easily be removed if you need to change the position of an anchor.
this toy net works well enough, but it is not quite as large as i originally thought.
it's triangle shape makes it for corner use only, and can be a bit off balanced if not positioned perfectly.
holds a lot of stuffed animals.
i needed to hang a toy net over part of the room that cannot use a corner (or the closet door won't open).
that way, i was able to hook two corners of the (now square) hammock to the wall, and two corners to the ceiling.
each hammock is sooooo stretchy, and huge!
it is large and will fit a lot of stuffed animals.
it works great though and holds a lot of stuffed animals!
it stretches pretty far so if you wanted to take up an entire corner space (ceiling wise) then this is perfect!!
this toy hammock certainly is jumbo, fits the description perfectly.
either way, the stuffed animals that my son did have are in there, off the ground and it has stayed up perfectly.
it is very durable as well and my son loves to throw his stuffed animals up into the net, as i did when i was his age.
it works well- easy enough to put up.
i prefer that one.
it works.
works nicely and keeps them together.
my son is a stuffed animalaholic.
(taller than my 2' son).
who knew kids accumulate stuffed toys to fast!
anyways, this is perfect!
we have this over our children's bedroom door.
it's a wonderful, sturdy net that keeps our lovable furry friends right there!
our toddler has a lot of stuffed animals, i only ordered two (one for her, and one for our small cat) and realized i need two more...
they are a good price and the hardware is sturdy.
love it!
it holds a lot and is durable.
my friend wanted this for her son, so i bought it for her.
we both love how many stuffed animals it can hold.
it really is quite impressive.
it holds a lot of toys and makes them easy for her to access.
we've tried hanging it different ways, and with different spacing, but it still doesn't matter.
but, i still enjoy having the animals i can fit in it off of the floor and out of the way.
this hammock is awesome.
it's big, and holds a ton of stuffed toys!
definitely worth the money, since it keeps the toys off the floor, but we still have access to them.
it really helps to keep the chaos to a manageable level.
i use this toy net/hammock to store my son's endless amount of stuffed animals and this does the job perfectly and is also very cute in his room!
installation was easy and it fits a lot of toys!
i don't know about that brand but prince lionheart's toy hammock works great!
its holding more than 30 soft toys all of diff shapes and sizes
this is one of the best inventions for toys, in my opinion.
very simple item, but feels like it's of good quality.
works great, hang it about 2 feet higher than you think you should.
this is an awesome hammock.
my wife and i are so happy we purchased it.
my daughter has tons of stuffed animals and we figured a hammock would work perfectly.
we are so happy we bought it.
highly recommend!
kids can easily pull them down and/or fart in their direction and they will fall.
if you plan on using this in the bath area, i recommend that you buy some super glue as well.
it is a large net hammock, we have it on our jet tub tiles and it dips down quit a bit.
good size net, though.
used in small space to store toys at kids level.
seems to work well and keep toys organized and easily accessible.
i have the prince lionheart jumbo toy hammock in my son's room and love it!
either it is a solid wall and a wall with the closet or the solid wall with the window on it and either way the ahmmock is so large it will not fit in between.
we are moving in spring so maybe we can find a house to fit the hammock.
its got solid stitching and holds a considerable amount of stuff.
my 7 month old loves to eat apples and bananas from this feeder.
like some other people, though, the mesh bag doesn't clean well - after one use with a banana it was never white again, i put it through the dishwasher, soaked in in oxi-clean & it was still yucky brown.
i bought the kidsme food feeder from amazon and it's a million times better.
it's silicone (like a bottle nipple) so it's easy to clean.
my 6 month-old daughter and i are both happy campers.
[award winning] kidsme food feeder for 4 months and above (small, blue/yellow)
i like this for letting baby chew on food/taste things before he can fully chew bites of food, but as other reviewers noticed the white cloth mesh bag gets stained really easy (and i've been careful to immediately take leftover food out and soak in soap/baking soda).
these are great.
my daughter is teething and she loves a piece of popsicle or watermelon in the bag.
highly recommend!
but at the suggestion of my husband, i put a frozen cube of milled pear that i made in the feeder and she loved it!
it was pretty easy to clean, just strong stream of hot water and a sponge.
i like these because they can be easily taken apart and sanitized.
the feeder works great for my 7 months old.
i use this mainly at home since it does not come with a cap/cover.
the handle is easy for the baby to grasp.
it teaches them to put food in their mouth and you can walk away.
it is easy for baby to grasp and hold and the trouble it takes to clean it is well worth the enjoyment he gets from it.
our 7 month old daughter loves this, a piece of ripe banana inside and she's in baby heaven.
the screw on design is easy to use, and the replacement bags make washing up easier.
i bought these for my son thinking they would be the perfect for his teething.
my friend's son, on the other hand, absolutely loved these teethers, so we gave ours away to them.
win.
my little munchkin wasn't much for food, but the baby safe feeder was a great way to get her to taste more foods.
then when i try to feed her the real food, she's more receptive because she's familiar with the taste.
stroller is light and easy to use.
this light and easily-folded model is ideal for quick outings and especially travel.
wonderful for airline trips when you're juggling a stroller, the baby, and diaper bag.
i have received the stroller and it is quite nice.
there is a good strong locking mechanism so it can't fold up on your child that you can press with your foot into place.
the breaks work very well (one on each back wheel), but the tires themselves are so slick that the stroller can slide even on smooth surfaces - so be careful.
plus, we're going on vacation soon and i didn't want to chance losing our big stroller in the airport.
it is surprisingly sturdy (for a free gift).
young babies need more support than this model can give.this is, however, a good and sometimes great stroller for toddlers and lighter weight preschoolers.
it gives them enough support, and more importantly, enough constraint.we bought one for our first child, and then another with our second.
much lighter than a double stroller, mom and dad found the ability to head off in different directions at the store a great feature.the other feature i would like to point out is that it is lightweight to carry.
let's face it, after a certain age, kids don't want to 'sit' all day.
very versatile.
we've used our first one for four years and have just given both (the first and second) away to the women's shelter were they were very welcome.
the stroller itself rolls smoothly, and the fact that it's lightweight and not at all "complicated" (unlike our graco stroller, which can be a bit intimidating to someone who's never seen one before) makes it ideal for my elderly mother to use with her granddaughter.
this is really the perfect stroller to use in a city where you can walk to most places from home - just belt the baby into the seat and step right out the door.
other than that, this is exactly what an umbrella stroller should be: portable, lightweight, easy to use and inexpensive.
i love using this stroller for my 1 year old son for quick trips.
the toys are pretty standard.
one crinkles, one has a mirror, and the 3rd plays music.
the toy is good enough to look at for a small child, but not really worth the $20 i paid for it.
he loves his whozit spiral!
this is a good arch.
it has a nice felt feel to it, soft.
it actually stays in place when baby pulls on the toys.
i bought this and it worked great for the international plane ride attached to the plane bassinet.
it also connected easily to her rock n play.
i have to keep a close proximity to keep my daughter stable, and you need to make sure that you snap it open properly before your child sits or there is danger of pinching.
this folding seat may be appealing to little ones because it comes decorated with familiar characters (e.g., sesame street, dora, etc).
we are potty training our 3rd child so we have tried our share of potty seats.
this is by far our favorite travel potty seat.
it folds small enough i can tuck it into my large purse.
overall a great purchase!
while this does fold nice and small, the open front is a joke.
my daughter sprayed out constantly on her clothing!
it comes with a bag that you can keep flushible wipes and training pants in as well.
it snapped open well and i felt it was good, but once i sat my 16month old 21lb girl on it, i better understand the reviews others are giving.
less convenient but a million times safer and he'll actually use it.
it doesn't fit well on any toilet seat, public or residential, it slides around horribly, and it bows under my kids' weight causing the joints to catch skin.
just make sure you position it correctly towards the front of the toilet set, there are rubberized pieces underneath to help keep it snug.
if you plan to use this all the time for potty training, i'd go with something more secure, but for compact, light portability this is the best bet.
also, the bulkier travel seats with padded tops are not as sanitary and if you rip a corner of the seat, it's pretty much useless since water will get inside the foam.
i have to agree with others, it isn't very strong.
my daughter was excited about the print on the seat, but as soon as we used it out in a public bathroom, she wasn't very happy.
our daughter loves that elmo is on it and it is very compact.
after using it a few times i feel in love with it.
we don't want to use the same seat in our home that we use in public restrooms for obvious reasons.
we have a potty chair for her here at home that has a seat that can be used on the regular toilet and we can't use it at home.
our toilets are elongated and it slides all over the place and scares both her and i.
this seat doesn't move for us.
it folds up and fits into my medium sized purses and the small diaper bag with room to spare.
it's easy to clean and sanitize and very simple to use.
our daughter loves elmo and is getting to know some other sesame street characters and loves using this seat.
i also like how the seat has little flaps in the front that helps keep the potty in place.
there are also cushions on the underside of the seat to keep it from sliding around while it's being used.
the hinges actually snap in place and it's secure.
my daughter is just over 2 years and weighs about 26 pounds.
i have never noticed it bending, sliding or anything and i keep both eyes on her at all times in the bathroom.
we inherited this seat from a friend as we started to potty train our son.
we bought the primo seat after we read the reviews and have used it constantly for the last month.
good luck!
btw we have used the primo everywhere: planes, porter potty, mall... and so on it works great everywhere.
we used this for the first couple weeks of potty training.
at home we used a ring on that is more sturdy.
it folds up to a nice, easy to carry size.
it even fits in a cargo pocket.
it just sits on top of the toilet seat.
hopefully this new one will work just as well as my old one.
it is very unstable and collapses your kid right into the toilet!
just go to babies r us and buy the travel potty they make in new orleans...a little bit bigger, but so sturdy and can also set it up on the grass or side of road in a bind!update: i still used this with caution for a while and i have to say, it is very small and handy, especially if you find yourself at an event with gross port-a-johns.
i loved the results this bottle brought we have had no gassiness or colick like behavior from my son.
however the desired result is noticeable  my son is not a gassy baby!
this is her favorite.
my son was born 5 weeks early, and weighed in at a whopping 4 lbs, 6 oz.
wow!
so they come with two extra parts...big deal.
these bottles are wonderful and really work to reduce gas.
if colic is an issue, it is definitely worth it, but my daughter does just fine with drop-ins bottles.
though babiesrus.com does not sell the wide neck bottles, they are available in-store at babies r us.
i prefer those over the traditional tall bottles.
i love these bottles.
hope this helps - i based alot of my decision on these reviews and my colleague/friend.
these bottles are the best.
i read reviews on all the bottles and picked these as the bottles to use on my son after all the good reviews.
and they work great.
many friends and relatives suggested the highly popular avent bottles.
based on a few of the reviews here, it looks as if avent is still pretty popular.
when our new son came along, we were given a set of dr. brown's natural flow bottles as a gift.
however, our son has had absolutely no problems with these bottles.
let's be honest, it's tough to clean every bit of these bottles without using the handy brush that comes with them.
that way i am not always rushing to clean a bottle.
this would be the perfect bottle if it had the natural latch nipple.
also, cleaning was really not a  big deal and if you clean it right after usage it's  really no significant  extrawork.
they do not leak if you use them right and follow the instructions included.
but the times that i do use the powder i just mix in separate container and pour into the dr. brown's.
however, i am such a fan that with my next baby i will use these, i will not wait to see if the baby has colic or not.
please take it from someone who knows.. try these bottles, you won't be sorry.. baby's tummy will thank you.
she took them just as easily as nursing and i have been very happy with them.
i will definitely use them with the next kiddo.
flow is fantastic and natural for baby.
we tried everything to help him.
i am so happy with these.
and we havent had any leaks, btw... these things are great.
oh, and they also make a widemouth version that you can get at babies r us...
i wish i had gotten these earlier.. my son is 7 weeks (he was born at 32 weeks, btw) and he is a different baby with these bottles.
i found these bottles and fell in love!
the slow flow is still way too fast, so i switched the nipple to use my playtex airvent slow flow nipples with these bottles and it was the perfect match!
also, you cannot mix formula in these bottles or it will get everywhere!
they are great.
these are the best bottles ever.
the unique design cuts down on the amount of gas your baby swallows.
just a good healthy burp!the bottles are easy to clean and assemble and clean up well in the dishwasher.
i'd suggest the dr brown's bottle drying rack as well.
it will make the job much easier.
that is not true of say, a cotton terry cloth one i got from bru.
prefer these.
i've washed and dried it in my machines several times with excellent results.
it is easy to take off and put back on and fits the changing pad perfectly.
really loved the product, was just perfect on my daughter, looked good and still use it.
fabric never changed or lost its smoothnessnice qualitywill always recommend buying from this store
we purchased two so we always had a spare when it got....messy.
this was great...i ordered it to fit on the summer infant changing pad so i wasn't concerned about the size.
material is great and i have washed it over and over and over and it still looks brand new.
definetly worth it!
this is a perfect fit for all changing dressers, soft under baby's body, is well made, cleans up easy and last.
it's nice and soft and goes on the changing pad quickly and fits well.
i recommend buying several so you have a back up when you're child has an accident while changing them.
very soft cover that fits my changing pad nicely.
i just appreciate that it's super soft and cozy on baby's skin.
simple, soft, and washes well, we have a few of these, they are very soft, wash well and seem to wear well.
it fits perfectly over the pad and easy to out on and off.
very pretty, soft, washes well, and fits my summer infant pad perfectly.
what i received was a standard, plush changing pad cover.
the material is great.
easy to wash and holds color well.
we are using it with the summer infant changing pad and it fits perfectly.
we purchased this cover for ournightstar eco-friendly contour changing pad.
it fits well and is incredibly soft.
it is a pretty shade of pink, it is soft, and it washes  and dries well.very pleased with purchase.
it is practically impossible to get stains out of, but it is soft on baby's skin and makes winter nite time changes much cozier.
with open air accidents i wash these all the time and they hold up really well.
i also love how soft the fabric is and my baby loves it too.
an amazing buy.
it is super soft and fits nicely on.
this is a great changing pad cover.
it's very soft and fits my child's changing pad extremely well.
it fit nicely,it was super soft, easy to remove and put back on for washing, and the color of blue just looks really good.
perfect fit for summer infant contoured changing pad.
straps of changing pad fit through openings of cover.
washes beautifully.
nice soft covers.
easy to wash and our 5 month old does not mind laying on them.
this cover is very soft, the fabric is not super plush, but it fits wonderfully on my summer infant brand pad and is soft on my babies backside during changes.
i purchased this to go with the la baby 4 sided changing pad 30&#34;, white.
i'm quite happy with the color (true to photograph) and feel.
first off, it is a lovely color and made of that absolutely wonderfully soft fuzzy material that lots of baby blankies are made of.
it fits the curved changing pad very well, and despite many many washings has held up to stay almost like new in color, texture and shape.
very pleased with this.
bought as a back up cover, it's plush, not very thick, but does the job and is soft.
my son has never complained.
this changing pad cover feels luxuriously soft and plush, and it's nice to know our baby's head is resting on something so comfortable.
(we wanted the sage color to match our nursery decor.)
good quality, very soft, and excellent fit on pairing changing pad.
it just stains so easily it's not worth having it.
we purchased the sage cover from amazon.
the cover is a nice to have.
but, it is soft and pretty.
love it.
fits perfectly in our changing table and really snuggles our daughter into its center.
ultimately, i like the pad cover:  pretty, soft and it wears well with washing.
easy to change (i use it with the same company's changing pad which i also recommend).
however, i do love the green new changing pad cover, and the pad cover, regardless of color, is highly recommended.
i love these pad covers!
the fabric is so soft and feels great to the touch.
we just found that putting a small muti-use absorbant pad under the diaper area saves a lot of time and hassle.
that way the plush cover stays fresher longer and you dont have to remove and clean it so much.
washes and tumble dries easily.
well made, soft & durable!
it holds up to use & washing perfectly with no sign of wear yet.
the sage color is vibrant & beautiful.
exactly what i wanted: a super soft, easily washable, nice looking cover that's easy to put on the changing table pad.
best cover out there.
buy the munchkin 6 count waterproof changing pad liners so you don't end up washing this cover every other day :)
fits the accompanying changing pad well and is really soft to the touch.
these are great and inexpensive covers!
the quality of material is great!
i bought two for myself and am giving as baby gifts bc i love them so much!
the color, material and fit are perfect.
this one is great - it's super soft and plush, but it's always in the wash, so we don't actually use it enough to enjoy it.
i loved the cover feel and its color!
match my nursery and my son loves the way it feels  : )
this cover is very soft and fits mysummer infant 4-sided changing pad, sort of.
works great!only 4 stars because i hate baby pink.
that being said, the pink is true to color....it's your basic baby pink.
fortunately we had ordered them in advance, and were happy to have them with us.
they are soft and plush, and our baby feels comfortable on it.
they are easy to wash and clean, and we've had only the best experience with them thus far.
highly recommended.
super soft!
easy to wash and to use.
it's very soft on my baby's skin and spit up wipes away easily with a baby wipe until i have time to wash it.
you will need at least 2 of these!
same color; i find chiper @ tj max more chiper and cotton but this one it is ok to ...nice
this cover fits perfectly and it is incredibly soft.
i received a couple different types of changing pad covers as shower gifts.
but after feeling how cozy the summer infant ultra plus cover is, i returned all the others and bought multiples.
this is a beautiful cover.
i purchased mine in sage green and am in love with the color as well as the softness of the fabric.
this washes well and slips over my changing pad with no problems.
it's color is soft and nice.
it is also perfect fit for the changing pad.although i will return the changing pad, it think this is the thing i would prefer for it.
these fit the summer infant changing pad perfectly.
this pad cover is nice and soft, pleasant color, looks nice and it works.
it was well packed and it arrived on time.
this soft, washable cover fits the changing pad perfectly and little one's skin isn't touching the changing pad's plastic cover.
love it, the color is nice and the fabric is really soft, easy to wash. blue color is very nice.
great deal vs others.
good fit on changing table.
the sides prevent baby from rolling over on the changing table, however never walk away while baby is on the table.
it is easy to clean and rinse off since it is made of plastic.
lovely color, coordinated very well with the wall color and other decor.
fabric very soft, fit and covered pad completely.
this changing pad cover fits perfectly on thela baby 4 sided changing pad 30", whiteand it's extremely soft.
this pad is super soft and is working out great for us.
changing pad cover fits perfectly on our pad like it should.
has a nice snug fit, and not loose and wrinkly like some we've used in the past.
color described and shown is spot on to what you will receive.
we were very happy about that.
pad has a very soft, very light towel-y feel.
not too deep or rough like a regular towel, and hasn't irritated our son's skin.
very pleased.
even if it is more expensive, it is still a really nice, soft, plush changing pad cover.
i just hope it holds up to stains better than the cover we have been using for our son.
this is super soft and plush.
it fits great around the changing pad - the soft pink is a great color.
easy to clean, great color, and durable.
i received it as a hand-me-down and it still looked almost new.
now that my baby is out of diapers the changing pad cover will be passed on yet again.
off white) and it fits the babies r us contoured changing pad we have.
its nice and soft for our baby to lay on while we are changing her.
its also easy to take on and off to switch out for a new one.
loved these so much i bought 3...because you will need more than 1!
very soft and plushy...son is so happy being changed on these..he loves the feel of them.
wash up very well and are quite durable.
we change and wash all our pads quite a bit with a 3 month old!
soft and durable!!
i can only recommend it if you got the summer changing pad :) i wash it 2-3 times a week (changing accidents all the time, lol) and it is holding up.
i ordered this for my grandson's changing table and we all absolutely love it.
the cover is soft, cleans very easily, and retains color very well (i.e.
the colors are pretty and look great in my son's room.
its easy to clean as well.
this changing table cover is perfect for just about any changing pad.
it is incredibly soft and the pink with polka dots matches our room perfectly.
i have 2 of these for my daughter's summer infant changing pad.
they fit perfect and work great.
they are soft and the color is beautiful sage, just as pictured.
there have been some significant accidents on this cover and it always washes up clean, like new.
over 3 months of use and frequent washings and these covers still look new.
i purchased this for the changing table i bought at a yard sale for my grand baby.
i love the way it fit so perfectly on the table.
lol highly recommend this item.
although it's easy to remove and wash, we keep a small changing pad on it that is even easier to toss into the laundry.
but it's still nice knowing there is a soft cover on the pad for the times when we don't have an additional topper on it.
i absolutely love the texture and fit around the changing pad.
it is more of an off-white.
if that's not a big deal though, i still think this cover is very well worth the purchase.
it washes well, maintaining its softness and color.
what a great price!
it fits in our summer infant changing pad great and the color is super cute - it brings character to the nursery
there's not a product picture for it, but it works with the la baby 4 sided changing pad 32&#34; (which i love).
it's soft on baby and still looks great after all those washes.
this changing pad is very soft.
my baby boy has tinkled on it and it just beads up because of the kind of material, makes for easy clean up.
otherwise it is nice and soft and has washed well.
using with the summer infant changing pad and it's a perfect fit.
so soft and easily washable.
i'm happy with the product and it still works with the theme of the nursery, however it was not what i was expecting.
material is very soft/comfortable and holds up well to many washes
great changing pad cover, washes clean after accidents and it's nice and soft.
this does its job.
you can get something similar at target, but theirs are nice and super plush.
very soft and easy to wash. works with my changing pad.
the color was quite accurate to what was listed on the website
super soft, good quality.
i just wipe the plastic changing pad frequently to keep it clean and germ free.
nice for a newborn, to keep them warm, but my 3 month old doesn't seem to mind the bare plastic.
exactly as described, it is a great value!
works great over my contoured change pad, and also for my bassinet which was too big to fit regular bassinet sheets on but this fits on it perfectly.
this is super soft and comfy for baby!
i bought two of these (ecru and pink) for my changing pad and they exceed expectations!
the price is great and you feel like you got a steal once you realize how great the covers really are.
would definitely recommend.
i have 4 of these changing pad covers in ecru and absolutely love them!
they fit the pad perfectly and the color is great.
it is very neutral and although light, does not show a lot of dirt.
also when my daughter has an accident, the pad absorbs the wetness but it does not seep through to the pad inself.
i have washed the covers dozens of times and they have retained their quality and are still very soft.
the cover is very easy to change and has elastic on the edges so it stays on the pad securely, which is very important when you have a baby that moves as much as mine does.
i purchased two of the summer infant changing pad covers when my baby was born.
my baby is over a year now and they have both held up very well, with weekly washes.
it&#8217;s nice, soft, and plush and fits easily over the changing pad.
this changing pad is great for baby.
it is soft and the cover is awesome.
it is safe with a restraint belt for your infant.
the cover arrived in good time.
it fits the changing pad it was recommended for perfectly.
very soft and cleans well when thrown in the washer
push it is... fit the changing pad that i bought perfectly and it is nice and soft to lay my son down.
i had read that it was wonderful to the touch, but couldn't believe how wonderful it felt.
i'm sure our twin daughters will love it.
it also fit perfect with our contoured changing pad (we also chose a summer infant changing pad, which works great and seems nice and firm and supportive).
(also, if you're not using them, they get in the way of the changing pad cover.)
nice and softlike it says, kind of like cashmere.
definitely easy to wash stains come out easy and looks like great quality because it is.
it fits perfectly!
also nice that it has slots for the belt to fit through.
i like this changing pad cover.
i love the lavender color and it is super soft.
good price.
it fit perfectly.
update: i have used and washed this many times and it is still in excellent condition, color stayed vibrant and fabric is still super cozy and soft.
it's plush, easy to clean and fits well.
this changing pad cover is made of  nice soft minky like micro fiber.
it washed well and fits perfectly and was a great price.
perfect fit for the changing pad we also ordered through amazon.
nice and snug and soft.
washed well, and didn't shrink.
prime membership is certainly a plus for this family.
thanks amazon
this is not sage.
my son loves this changing pad cover!!
he is so happy laying on this!
my experience with these changing table covers is that they hold up well in the wash.. and when you have a baby boy (pee accidents), you need to be sure of that.
it is very soft and fits well without any extra fabric bunching up.i do agree with a previous reviewer that it may be more cost-effective to just use a receiving blanket on the changing table, which can be easily whipped off to throw in the wash in case of accidents..
waterproof is true, needs a cover though because the plastic is crinkly and cold.
i have used it for over a year with my first and now my second.
i love the color and feel of the material.
amazing no stains!
the fabric is incredibly soft.
washing is easy and it fit the contoured changing pad nicely.
however, its soft and nice for the baby.
the fabric is really nice and the holes for the straps are on the sides so they don't get in the way
so soft, nice light pink color, great price.
definitely reccommed.
fits perfect by size to my changing pad and also fits my nursery - its very nice green, little lighter then in a picture.
will order another one in beige.
this is the best changing pad cover you could ask for.
it is very soft, fits perfectly, and keeps our son as calm as possible while he endures the indignity of being changed.
it also washes well, and doesn't pill up like another one that we ended up throwing out.
we're very pleased with our, and the 'blue' color is lovely and matches everything in our son's room.
this cover fits nicely, is soft, and washes well.
i have two so i always have a clean one when accidents happen.
this is a very nice well fitting plush cover.
very soft and comfortable for baby.
i love the color and feel of the cover!
it is so soft on baby's bottom and skin.
i definetly am happy with this purchase!
i got these after buying the summer infant changing pad and realizing none of my old covers fit.
if you by chance use bumgenius diapers, they are the same colors as grasshopper and noodle.
both look good, both are nice and soft, fit well, wash well.personally, i prefer terry - as it absorbs in event of an accident.
if you want super soft and don't mind that they are synthetic and don't absorb, they're fine.
this fits perfectly over the changing pad, and it has the slits so the belt can fit through it correctly
i purchased this before our little one was born.
the fabric is very soft and it fit my changing pad perfectly.
the first one us held up well to the 24/7 use and constant washing!
it's very soft and fit my changing pad perfectly.
this changing pad cover is so soft and looks really nice.
it also washes and dries without shrinking.
this pad cover is great!
it's a nice fabric but is also almost repellant.
and the color of mine was pretty much as shown, not especially bright.
this is very soft, and doesn't shrink when you wash it (which is important, considering it gets washed a lot!).
i bought two, so i could always have an extra on hand, and i'm glad i did.
they are so soft and fit well on my munchkin changing pad.
i still use a towel on top as well just to keep from having to clean this all the time.
it fits the pad very well and seems to clean pretty easily.
the fabric is a wonderfully soft plush fabric so your baby will thank you for it.
this is a very good pad.
very soft and fits the contoured changing pad perfectly.
and it's quite affordable, especially compared to the changing pad covers i've found in baby stores around town.
great price.
very soft and washes up very well.
purchased this in sage and love it!
the color is beautiful and the texture is incredibly soft.
couldn't be happier with this changing pad cover.
i like these covers the best of all the ones i have.
they are nice and soft, and hold up well to repeated washings.
definitely recommend!
it is also nice and warm every time i put my son on it because of the material.
it washes well and it perfect in my opinion!!
soft and washes well!
it's soft and fits the changing pad.
i bought a few of these - they're perfect.
very soft, wash well and easy to change.
i definitely recommend!
it's very easy to fit onto the changing pad by the same manufacturer.
it's soft, and washable.
it's easier than cleaning the changing pad itself.
very nice and soft for my daughter while changing her diapers.
the main thing i would recommend is ordering at least two, so you can have a spare while washing one.
i ordered a new one this year, and while it's just as soft, just as durable, and just as wonderful a changing pad cover as the old one, the color is absolutely not sage.
it's a bright limey color.
definitely not what's pictured, nor what i had before.it's still a great changing pad cover, but just be warned, the color is far brighter than anything you'd expect from something labeled 'sage'.
this plush changing pad is great quality and super good price.
fits nicely and snug.
5 stars!
it is easy to clean.
this is a soft material that is great for changing on because it doesn't get &#34;cold&#34; and instead the baby loves it.
i bought this to have an extra changing pad cover for my son's nursery.
my son will be comfy laying on this during diaper changes, for sure!
it even comes with slits to put the straps through if you decide to strap baby in while you change her.
it sits nicely on top of a lower dresser.
makes the changing pad warmer so the baby doesn't cry when on top of it.
easy to wash and dry.
does what it says.
1 star off as it doesn't look like it will hold up to a lot of washing.
this changing pad cover is super soft, easy to put on and take off, and an attractive color green.
i use it for my arms reach bassinet and it fits great.
when the changing pad cover arrived, i was surprised to see that it was more of a bright lime green than the soft sage the picture shows.
i coupled this with the summer infant changing pad and baby is much more comfy.
the elastics holds the cover well onto the changing pad and fits as the picture shows on a 2 sided changing pad.
i love how soft they are and the color is perfect for our jungle nursery theme.
best of all, these are very affordable.
this cover may be made for the two-sided standard changing pads, but fits the three-sided "nightstar contour changing pad," once it's on you won't notice any difference.
these covers are soft and hold up very well in the wash.
they fit my contoured changing pad perfectly.
i love how soft this changing pad cover is!
it is a perfect fit on contoured changing table pads, and wipes clean easily for small messes.
it looks nice in his room, but it's definably not "ultra plush" it's average plush.
it works.
i guess you don't want a lot of plush and poop together.
buy a spare cover- you'll need it!
great buy for the price.
covers are really soft and fit perfectly.
i think the underpads are essential and they are the perfect size on the changing pad.
love the super soft touch, easy to wash with machine.fabric still great after several wash.my baby girl loves lying on it.highly recommend
this definitely heightens the bassinet and it fits along side my bed nicely.
does the job but a bit overpriced.
these leg extensions lifted the bassinet to the perfect height for my wife to easily roll over and either grab or console our baby.
i can't help but agree with other reviewers who call this item out for what it is...pure price gouging by arm's reach.
however, we used them like many others to bring the co-sleeper level to our bed to help facilitate night-time feedings.
and honestly, it works.
also, i think perhaps there are other things more worthy of our scrutiny and criticism.mom is happy + kid is happy = dad is happy.
...of elevating the co sleeper properly.
the extensions raise the bassinet to the right height but the stability is compromised.
seems to work well with original co-sleeper.
quick, easy and shipped fast.
snaps right in to our cosleeper and made us and our baby sleep a lot better.
still love the co-sleeper but wish the extensions we stronger and included a second set of wheels.
works perfectly.
i had to use all of the extenders to achieve the correct height and the c0-sleeper is now flush with side of our bed.
perfect to get the arms reach co-sleeper up to the height of your bed.
no issues with quality at all.
these put the cosleeper at just the right height for our bed.
it helps to have carpeting.
the extensions have fallen off when moving the cosleeper, but stay in place well otherwise.
these are absolutely necessary to get your co-sleeper to be level with the bed if you have a thick mattress (which most of them are these days).
works well with my co-sleeper.
and our bed is absolutely average height.
you should be ashamed of yourselves.i'm glad we're borrowing our co sleeper.
these extensions are sturdy, and they work quite well.
therefore, i do not know if the color perfectly matches the toffee colored co-sleeper.
works as expected.
the bassinet still feels stable with these under it.
i love the bassinet now that it is at the same level as my bed.
our bed + mattress is pretty high and i needed the extensions to raise the cosleeper to my level.
it also felt a bit rickety since the co-sleeper legs rest on top of the bed raisers vs. lock into them.this 'official' product, on the other hand, works great and provides a lot of stability when the co-sleeper is secured to the side of our bed using the included safety strap pulled under our bed mattress.
we needed to use all 3 leg extensions, and it feels pretty sturdy - much sturdier than the bed raisers felt.
these are great!
right before we returned the co-sleeper, we found this amazing accessory.the leg extenders seem so simple, and they are!
we bought these to make the co-sleeper taller if we decided to use it next to our bed.
however, i wanted to review them because i also wasn't happy with the stability of the co-sleeper when we made it taller with these.
the extensions themselves were a must for us, as we have a pretty tall bed.
made it a perfect height for our need.. my only concern is the ability of them to hold up to the weight for prolonged use.
this raised our co-sleeper to the height of our bed in a very stable way.
worry not, they fit perfectly and make reaching your baby in the middle of the night easy and comfortable.
they provide a strong base when coupled with the anchoring straps that attach to the bed.
love the co-sleeper and the leg extensions made it perfect!
these are great milk storage bottles.
they attach easily to most breast pumps, and can go in the freezer or refrigerator.
the milk bags come 25 to a pack and are also freezer safe.
these bottles are great for storing small amounts of milk, which is the way it should be done.
expensive if you buy alot of them, but worth it if one intends to breastfeed a decent while.
easy to clean and are still in great shape after many uses.
i love that i can pump directly into these bottles with my medela pis.
there are no spare caps included.
i liked the milkmate system, especially since i could pump, store, and feed without ever having to transfer milk.
the simplicity was nice.
these bottles worked beautifully.
i've used this for carseats and stroller both usually when my son's asleep.
since my son has a big head, i definitely do no use both.
it doesn't fit like it shows in the photo.
it just doesn't fit right.
it seemed to make him more comfortable and usually worked well.
it is one of the best things i have ever purchased for my child and it's very inexpensive.
i bought this head support for my 7-mo son for bob jogging stroller.
my husband hated putting her in the seat with that thing in.
that's worth the price for one nap!
it's too big and doesn't fit into our graco infant snugride since the top of the carseat is curved.
i used this in conjunction with the cares harness for my 3 year old to be able to sleep in comfort on a flight from the us to asia.
it worked wonders; with the head support, he was able to take multiple naps on the 18+ hour journey each way, and my husband and i got some rest.
highly recommended.
this one worked well for our daughter.
these trays are great!
i love having the lids and i use them for everything.
i love freezing things in these small portions because it makes lunch and dinner time easier and i can give my little one a bigger selection of foods.
i make my own baby food and i freeze the food in these trays.
each tray is i believe 12 oz of food.
after i freeze the food i move the food into ziplock bags to keep it fresher.
i love that it has a top and is easy to use.
i make all my son's baby food and freeze it.
i love these trays.
my favorite baby food to make for my babies is to roast yams until they are dripping syrup, and then puree them with a bit of coconut oil.
these trays are so easy to use and clean.
nothing tastes plastic-y from these trays (unlike some of our ice cube trays).
easy to use.
i make the food and one big spoonful fills each hole.
a year later, i still use them to freeze uniform portions of cut up meat and sweet water for teething.
very easy maintanance as well.
best spent $$$ for baby food accessory
i bought these to freeze homemade baby food.
shopped around and like these the most.
good sturdy safe material.
not sure about other posts about ease of getting food out bc it was super simple for me.
they may not come out as fancy as other trays, but its food!
dishwasher safe, but i normally handwash.
good luck!
they are fantastic!measuring- each cube is 1t, which is great for measuring.
with all choices i have in my freezer, my baby gets 4 different foods at each meal and i know exactly what she's eating.
the lid opens and closes easily.
these are great.
i feel comfortable freezing milk and homemade baby food.
we bough 4 trays and constantly have them rotating with new foods.
great, highly recommend!
i like these trays, they work great and keep out freezer burn.
they were easy to clean, and made it a pleasure to make my own purees.
one tray of carrot puree looks a bit freezer burned.
these are better than ice cube trays because they have lids which keeps the food safe from other food smells and they are bpa free!!!!!
stack and wash well.
these are the best!
also made in the usa.
the cubes end up being about the perfect portion size (2-3 cubes = 1 portion for my 12 month old baby).
then i can mix and match the food later for fun mixes (like applesauce, sweet potatoes, and winter squash).
the trays seem of good quality and function well.
the lids snap on great and it is easy to get the food out.
overall, these trays work great.
very happy with this purchase, and would recommend to others.
i have the baby bullet (useless by the way, use your food processor) and the cute smiley face 2 ounce containers that go with it and dial the date of the month on them.
great if your baby eats food in 2 ounce portions, but this method is so much better.
they stack easier in the freezer than the other containers, and are much easier to warm to the right temp.
i was excited about these because i wanted to have lids covering my home-made baby food.
the plastic is thick and frozen food slides out easily, but it also does from my dollar store ice cube trays.
they held up great in the dishwasher also.
these work really well.
lid stays on snug, easy to wash and use.
i will get a lot of use out of these.
as a first time mom i want to share my 2 cents.
my feedback would be that, while they are great in theory, you will find out very soon your infant will eat much more than a couple of cubes a day and you become a seasoned baby food pro in no time.
i began solids right at 6mo.
in 1mo, my son is eating 2-3 cubes of fruits mixed w/ cereal and 3-4 cubes of vegetables for dinner.
if all goes well, you will not care to measure baby food in 1oz cubes thus it becomes a chore to keep making such small cubes when you can use regular ice trays and make slightly bigger cubes.
if i forget, i risk spoiling perfectly good food in the fridge.
they work great, just unnecessarily small (easily takes 5-6 trays to freeze a butternut squash).
i've been using these for almost 2 yrs and they look great.
the lids have not warped and still fit great.
sometimes the trays get stained so i just soak them with a bit of bleach and water and they look good as new.
if you want these containers anyway, they are nice.
these are great and i use them for freezing my breastmilk.
the lids are not great.
i wish i had these trays when i was making food for my first baby, it really is a great help and saves space in my freezer to store them this way!
these trays are good to freeze baby food.
the lids doesnt really snug tight but atleast it covers the food while in freezer.
the cubes come out fine whether solid or liquid food items.
this helps keep the food cubes a consistent size.
if you don't way overfill each cube, two cubes equal about 1.3oz not the advertised 1 each.
we loved the ability to put a lid on these trays, but getting food out was more difficult that more pliable trays.
we bought these trays to make our own baby food for our daughter.
yes, they are basically glorified ice-cube trays with lids, but they serve their purpose.pros:- lids allow for stacking of trays in the freezer needing less space when making several trays of food.- before these, we used regular ice trays covered in plastic-wrap and found that condensation froze on the food (our book says to put the food in the freezer right away while it's still warm), now the condensation freezes to the lid and not on the food.- frozen food easily comes out of trays where we can then store the cubes in a ziplock freezer bag.- cleans easily in the top rack of the dishwasher.cons:- somewhat pricey for what they are.- the cubes are small and have less cubes per tray resulting in needing several of these trays for a single batch of food.- one tray only lasts us three feedings- larger cubes or bigger trays would be nice.overall:they are handy trays if you plan on making your own baby food and the ability to stack these trays is great if your freezer space is at a premium like ours.
great for storing homemade baby food.
love that it is bpa free!actually use for regular ice cubes-cover is great so tha other food odors don't get into the ice
best way to cube home made baby food.
here's what u do: get two sets of these, cuisinart baby food maker, baby food cook book cooking for baby & ur ready.
super easy & healthy for my son & he loves my food way more than store junk.
also these trays have taken beating at my house w/ how much used & washed in dishwasher (top rack) & still look great & no cracks yet!!
they work well.
before putting the tray into the freezer, i put a couple of rubber bands around it to make sure it stays shut.
there are two trays and one lid.
these trays are wonderful!
you cook and puree the food, then fill the tray and freeze it.
i love using these trays as they hold a whole batch of food at one time.
i have put everything from pureed and cooked pumpkin to spinach to fresh plums in these trays, and the food comes out tasting great every time!
they are perfect for storing homemade baby food.
i initially ordered 6 of these because i decided i want to make all my daughter's food from scratch.
i just used them for the first time, and they are absolutely wonderful!
definitely a good buy!just boil baby food for a few minutes and put in food processor.
a couple times i've not been able to get the food out and i've had to use a knife to cut the food out.
i absolutely love these trays.
the lids are great in case i don't get to put the food in to baggies right away.
they are perfect for storing home made food in the freezer.
i do not dishwasher wash them, just a bit of dapple and warm water does the trick.
he also doesn't like lid.
love the fact that these came with lids to preserve the food.
these trays are perfect for freezing pureed baby foods to thaw and feed when you need them.
i prefer these to ice cube trays for several reasons:-they hold more in each cube - ice cubes are so tiny for servings-the lids keep food from absorbing other freezer smells/freezer burn-they are sturdy and easy to twist, twist and pop the food out-they wash well in the dishwasheri don't have any cons for these trays, other than it does seem a touch expensive.
i have been using these trays for 6 months to freeze homemade baby food and they are perfect.
also, with the lids on they stack neatly and easily in the freezer.
i hand wash the lids and wash the trays on the top rack of the dishwasher and my lids continue to fit very well.i like the small size of the cubes because they thaw quickly and fit in the small tupperwares i use to keep thawed food in the fridge.i have 4 of these trays (2 sets of 2) and highly recommend them to anyone making their own baby food.
guess what i use this for besides baby food????
perfect for teething babies and much better then sugary fruit all the time!
the lid is a super tight seal!
we love these!
these turned out perfect.
they survive the dishwasher top rack even on sani cycle repeat washes perfectly, the lids fit securing and stack easy in the freezer.
i would definitely recommend for baby food making!
i love that these have the lids to protect the food while freezing.
i love these trays.
i make all of my daughter's baby food and these are wonderful.
i bought a cheaper set at walmart and these are far superior.
it's a regular tray with a lid.
i think there are better designs out there for baby food and breast milk.
it's made making baby food so easy.
i bought these extra trays because i make quite a bit of food at one time and could use the extra trays.
if you want to make your own food, get this book and these trays...you won't be sorry.
i use these trays to store pur&eacute;e baby food in.
the lids don't snap on but they gift well enough to keep the food from getting frosty.
i used this for breast milk and baby food.
i've tried a several different types of storage trays for freezing breast milk and baby food, and these have ended up being the most useful.
for baby food, we use the take n toss 2 compartment containers with the spoon holder in the middle and 3 cubes fit perfectly in each side.
these trays are great.
first, i've washed these on the top rack of the dishwasher and i haven't had any issues with the lids not fitting.
my only complaint is that it is fairly hard to get the frozen food squares out of the tray, although running warm water on the bottom of the tray did help.
they are easy to stack and fit perfectly in the freezer.
they work very well for our needs and i would recommend highly.
i bought two sets and use one exclusively for breast milk, the other for baby food (to avoid any allergy issues).
they are constantly going from freezer to sink and back again and still work great after 8 months of heavy use.
these are convenient, easy to use, and perfect for homemade baby food.
l.d., and it's made the transition to solid food fun, inexpensive, and easy.
works great, but i'm not convinced the cubes are actually a full ounce.
i was happy to find these for storing home-made baby food.
so warming the bottom side a little helps the food to slide out easily.these have been great to have.
i kind of wish they made these trays in a bigger size ... bigger cubes, for those of us who have babies who really know how to put the food away!
these trays work great for freezing baby food - the cover is very helpful and food chunks apart easily one frozen into nice sized cubes
i've used these trays to freeze small portions of sweet potatoes, broccoli, green beans, and carrots for my 8 month old.
the lids aren't totally airtight but they do the job for keeping the food clean and allowing the containers to stack.
these are also the right size for regular ice cubes so that is nice for when i'm done making baby food.
overall works almost great but would be perfect if the lid sealed a bit better.
i love these trays for making baby food and freezing it.
once frozen the food comes out easily with a little hot water.
the lids are great so you don't have to use plastic wrap to cover the trays in the freezer.
and they clean easily, the carrots and sweet potatoes did not stain the plastic!
i loved these!
my daughter loved the food from it.
i think its excellent
not much to say...it's an ice cube tray and does the job.
i use these all the time to freeze baby food in.
the lids make them super handy because i don't want to deal with wrapping ice cube trays with plastic wrap and spilling everything.
i bought 2 and that's usually perfect for the batches of baby food i make.
these trays work really well.
i use them to store homemade baby food.
i bought these because i figured since they are made for baby food they would be easier to deal with than ice-cube trays.
i love these for storing pur&eacute;ed baby food.
easy and reuseable.
trays are very durable.
i love that they have lids.
i thaw the cubes overnight in another container, and two cubes won't fit in the other containers that i use.
i started making baby food about a month ago and this ice cube tray has been a life saver.
4 month - 9 month this time period, you will make great use of this item.
and after that, this would still be good for the summer days coming!
we have made batches and batches of baby food using these trays.
the lids are very nice and seal well.
hand washing works, but the trays sometimes will still smell like the food that was in it, especially if it is a strong smelling food like parsnips.
but if the trays go through the dishwasher they come out perfectly clean and smelling fresh.
regular ice cube trays work just as well, but the lids that come with these are a nice feature.
very easy to use and sturdy.
they seal pretty well if you apply pressure and don't overfill.
they've held up well in the dishwasher and don't stain easily.
she loved them.
we use these to freeze purees.
they are wonderful.
love the lids
these are excellent trays.
we have six that we use to make stage 1 and 2 baby food (so far).
claim 1: food doesn't come out of tray/tray too rigid to twist.frozen solid food comes out very easily.
a warm soapy water wash is quick and works great.
if the tray lids become mis-shapen from the dishwasher, you can warm them and then put them on to mold them.
cubes won't defrost as fast and since breastmilk is delicate, you do not want to unevenly heat them.hope your baby enjoys your delicious (and money saving!)
homemade food!!!!!
these are so great for pur&eacute;es for baby!
great design with the lid.
will be great later for freezing other things like, stock, left over champagne and herb/oil cubes once we're out of the baby food stage.
the lid lets me stack easily in my drawer freezer.
in fact, i just got two more as a hand-me-down from a friend who used them for her children (several years) and they still look great, so they hold up well.
i'm using these for my second baby -- they're fantastic for freezing baby food.
and though the white colour got tinted a bit with beet or spinach pures, they work so well even the second time around!
for extra protection you can put them in a large ziplock and then put them in the freezer.
i made sweet potatoes a d peas and no stains yet.
these are super handy trays for making and freezing your own baby food.
as soon as the food is set, run warm water over the bottom, dry on a dishtowel, remove lid and pop cubes out into large ziploc bags to label and keep in the freezer.
the lids don't fit as tightly now in the middle of the tray as they first did (which is the only reason i took away one star), but i only use the tray to actually freeze the food...and it's not like they're moving around and going to spill.
and the food still seems clean and fresh to me.
i originally bought 2 trays but because i would make food in large amounts, i went back and bought 2 more.
i love the fact that there is a cover.
